<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-092376.txt : 20250424
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-092376.hdr.sgml : 20250424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250424084614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-092376
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250424
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250424

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Veritone, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001615165
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				471161641
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38093
		FILM NUMBER:		25863804

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 PLATTE STREET
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8885071737

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 PLATTE STREET
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d829909d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000161516500016151652025-04-242025-04-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 24, 2025

Veritone, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-38093 47-1161641

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1615 Platte Street, 2nd Floor

Denver, Colorado80202

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(888)507-1737

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share VERI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On April 24, 2025, Veritone, Inc. (the Company) entered into a First Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the Amendment) to amend certain provisions of that certain Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2023, by and among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as administrative agent and collateral agent (the Credit Agreement). 

The Amendment provides that (a) the minimum Consolidated Liquidity (as defined in the Credit Agreement) covenant is reduced from $15 million to $10 million for the period of time beginning on April 24, 2025 and extending through June 16, 2025, and (b) the mandatory prepayment covenant under the Credit Agreement with respect to asset sales is amended to (i) require that 100% of the Net Asset Sale Proceeds (as defined in the Credit Agreement) be used to repay the obligations under the Credit Agreement (increased from 60% of the Net Asset Sale Proceeds prior to the Amendment), and (ii) clarify the requirement that the Company use all future proceeds that it receives in connection with the previously closed sale of its formerly wholly-owned subsidiary, Veritone One, LLC, including any earn-out payments and releases of previously escrowed amounts, to repay obligations under the Credit Agreement. 

In connection with obtaining the requisite lenders consent to the Amendment, the Company issued to the consenting lenders 228,311 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), representing a number of shares having an aggregate value equal to $500,000, based on a price per share of $2.19, which was the closing price per share of Common Stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on April 23, 2025, the trading day immediately prior to the effective date of the Amendment. The shares of Common Stock were offered pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280148), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 12, 2024, and as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, dated April 24, 2025. 

Except as amended by the Amendment, the terms of the Credit Agreement remain in effect. The foregoing description of the Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

5.1 Opinion of Cooley LLP, dated April 24, 2025. 

10.1 First Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated April 24, 2025, by and among Veritone, Inc., certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries and the other parties thereto.

23.1 Consent of Cooley LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

The exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Veritone, Inc.

Date: April 24, 2025 By: 

/s/ Michael L. Zemetra

Michael L. Zemetra

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d829909dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

John-Paul Motley 

T: +1 213
561 3204 

jpmotley@cooley.com 

April 24, 2025 

Veritone, Inc. 

1615 Platte Street, 2nd Floor 

Denver, CO 80202 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to Veritone, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), with respect to certain matters in connection with
the offering by the Company of 228,311 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280148) (the Registration Statement),filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus), and the
prospectus supplement relating to the Shares filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus). 

In connection with this opinion, we have examined and relied upon (a) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (b) the Companys
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, each as currently in effect, and (c) such other records, documents, opinions, certificates, memoranda and instruments as in our judgment are necessary or appropriate to enable us to render the opinion
expressed below. We have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to originals of all documents submitted to us as copies, the accuracy, completeness and authenticity
of certificates of public officials and the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents by all persons other than the Company where authorization, execution and delivery are prerequisites to the effectiveness thereof. As to certain
factual matters, we have relied upon a certificate of an officer of the Company and have not independently verified such matters. 

Our opinion is
expressed only with respect to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. We express no opinion to the extent that any other laws are applicable to the subject matter hereof and express no opinion and provide no assurance as to compliance
with any federal or state securities law, rule or regulation. 

On the basis of the foregoing, in reliance thereon, and subject to the qualifications set
forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares, when sold and issued against payment therefore in accordance with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

This opinion is limited to the matters expressly set forth in this letter and no opinion has been or should be implied or may be inferred, beyond the matters
expressly stated. This opinion speaks only as to law and facts in effect or existing as of the date hereof, and we have no obligation or responsibility to update or supplement this letter to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come
to our attention or any changes in law that may hereafter occur. 

Cooley LLP 355 S. Grand
Avenue Suite 900, Los Angeles, CA 90071-1560 

t: 213.561.3250 f: 213.561.3244 cooley.com 

Veritone, Inc. 

April 24, 2025 

Page Two 

We consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Prospectus and to
the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement. In giving such consents, we
do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

Cooley LLP

By: /s/ John-Paul Motley

John-Paul Motley

Cooley LLP 355 S. Grand
Avenue Suite 900, Los Angeles, CA 90071-1560 

t: 213.561.3250 f: 213.561.3244 cooley.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d829909dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 

This FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this Amendment)
is entered into as of April 24, 2025, by and among Veritone, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), each of the Guarantors, the Lenders party hereto constituting Requisite Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement (as
defined below) (each, a Consenting Lender and together, the Consenting Lenders), and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, in its capacities as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (in such capacities,
collectively, the Agent). 

RECITALS 

Reference is made to that certain Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2023 (the Existing Credit
Agreement and, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement), by and among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto from time to time, and the Agent. 

The Credit Parties have requested that the Consenting Lenders and the Agent enter into this Amendment to the Existing Credit Agreement to,
among other things, lower the minimum Consolidated Liquidity threshold under Section 6.8 of the Existing Credit Agreement from $15 million to $10 million from and after the First Amendment Effective Date through June 16, 2025.

Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Amendment and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt of which is acknowledged, the parties to this Amendment acknowledge, agree and consent as follows: 

SECTION 1.
Defined Terms; Interpretation. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Amendment have the meanings, if any, assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. The rules of interpretation set forth in Section 1.3
of the Existing Credit Agreement are applicable to, and are incorporated into, this Amendment by reference. 

SECTION 2.
Amendments. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement is amended effective as of the First Amendment Effective
Date to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken
text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
underlined text) as set forth in the pages attached as
Exhibit A to this Amendment. 

SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. 

(a) Each Credit Party represents and warrants as of the First Amendment Effective Date that: (i) it has all requisite power and authority
to enter into this Amendment and to perform, in all material respects, the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party, (ii) it has taken all necessary organizational action to authorize the execution and delivery of
this Amendment and the performance of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party, (iii) no consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental
Authority or any other Person is 

required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Amendment or the performance, validity or enforceability of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit
Documents, except (x) consents, authorizations, filings and notices which have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (y) those consents, authorizations, filings and notices, the failure of which to obtain or make could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Credit Party, (v) each of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and
each other Credit Document to which such Credit Party is a party constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at Law) and
(vi) at the time of and immediately after the First Amendment Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the execution and delivery of this Amendment or the performance by the Credit
Parties of their obligations under this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or the other Credit Documents. 

(b) Immediately after giving
effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, each of the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents is true and correct in all material respects (without
duplication of any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifier therein) on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date as if made on the First Amendment Effective Date (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific
date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such specific date). 

SECTION 4. Conditions to Effectiveness. This
Amendment shall become effective on the date (such date, the First Amendment Effective Date) on which the following conditions shall have been satisfied or waived in writing: 

(a) the Agent and the Consenting Lenders shall have received counterparts of this Amendment executed by the Borrower, the
Guarantors, the Consenting Lenders and the Agent; 

(b) the representations and warranties contained in
Section 3 of this Amendment are true and accurate; and 

(c) the Borrower shall have paid all
fees, costs and expenses due and payable as of the First Amendment Effective Date to counsel for the Consenting Lenders in accordance with Section 10.2 of the Credit Agreement to the extent invoiced to the Borrower on or prior to the First
Amendment Effective Date. 

SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect Upon the Credit Agreement. Each Credit Party expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (a) all of its obligations, liabilities and indebtedness under each Credit Document that remain outstanding after giving effect to this Amendment shall remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis and all such
obligations shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be impaired or limited by the execution and effectiveness of this Amendment, (b) all of the Liens and security interests created and arising under each Credit Document remain in full

2 

force and effect on a continuous basis, and the perfected status and priority of each such Lien and security interest continues in full force and effect on a continuous basis, unimpaired,
uninterrupted and undischarged, as collateral security for the Obligations, including, without limitation, its obligations, liabilities and indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement (and after giving effect to this Amendment, the Credit
Agreement) to the extent provided in, and subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth in, such Credit Documents (as amended by this Amendment), and (c) the execution of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right,
power or remedy of the Agent or Lenders or constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Credit Documents. The parties to this Amendment acknowledge and agree that the amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement pursuant to this Amendment
and any other Credit Documents amended or executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Credit Documents as in effect on or prior to the First Amendment
Effective Date. This Amendment shall be deemed to be a Credit Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents. On and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Existing Credit
Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of similar import shall mean and be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 

SECTION 6. Costs and Expenses; Indemnity. Sections 10.2 and 10.3 of the Existing Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference,
mutatis mutandis, as if such Sections were set forth in full in this Amendment. 

SECTION 7. First Amendment Premium Shares.

(a) On the first trading day after the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall issue to each Consenting Lender an aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock (the First Amendment Premium Shares) equal to the following (rounded to the nearest whole number of shares): (i) the product of (A) $500,000 and (B) the principal amount of Loans
held by such Consenting Lender divided by the aggregate principal amount of Loans held by all Consenting Lenders, divided by (ii) $2.19, which is the closing price per share of Common Stock on the principal U.S. national securities exchange on which
the Common Stock is traded as of the trading day immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date. The Borrower has delivered to the Consenting Lenders a prospectus supplement to the Borrowers Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280148) registering the offer and sale of the First Amendment Premium Shares for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), and such prospectus supplement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within the time period required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act. All First Amendment Premium Shares will be issued
without restrictive legends and delivered on the first trading day after the date of this Amendment via deposit/withdrawal at custodian to the applicable account specified in writing by the applicable Consenting Lender. 

(b) The First Amendment Premium Shares shall be fully earned by the Consenting Lenders upon execution of this Amendment and payable to each
Consenting Lender in the manner and at the time as set forth in this Section 7. No Lender shall be joined to this Amendment as a Consenting Lender without the prior written consent of the then-existing Consenting Lenders,
and the Consenting Lenders shall not be required to transfer any portion of the shares of the First Amendment Premium Shares or to transfer or pay any amounts in cash or any other form in respect of such shares to any Lender who is not a Consenting
Lender in connection with the execution of this Amendment. 

3 

SECTION 8. Credit Party Releases. 

(a) Each of the Credit Parties (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates) for itself and for its successors in title and assignees and, to the
extent the same is claimed by right of, through or under any of the Credit Parties, for its past, present and future employees, agents, representatives (other than legal representatives), officers, directors, shareholders, and trustees (each, a
Releasing Party and collectively, the Releasing Parties), does hereby remise, release and discharge, and shall be deemed to have forever remised, released and discharged, the Agent and each of the Lenders in
their respective capacities as such under the Credit Documents, and the Agents and each Lenders respective successors-in-title, legal representatives and
permitted assignees, past, present and future officers, directors, affiliates, shareholders, trustees, agents, employees, consultants, experts, advisors, attorneys and other professionals and all other persons and entities to whom the Agent and each
of the Lenders or any of their respective successors-in-title, legal representatives and assignees, past, present and future officers, directors, affiliates,
shareholders, trustees, agents, employees, consultants, experts, advisors, attorneys and other professionals would be liable if such persons or entities were found to be liable to any Releasing Party or any of them (collectively, hereinafter the
Releasees), from any and all manner of action and actions, cause and causes of action, claims, charges, demands, counterclaims, crossclaims, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties,
covenants, contracts, rights of setoff and recoupment, controversies, damages, judgments, expenses, executions, liens, claims of liens, claims of costs, penalties, reasonable attorneys fees, or any other compensation, recovery or relief on
account of any liability, obligation, demand or cause of action of whatever nature, whether in law, equity or otherwise, whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, joint and/or several, secured or unsecured, due or not due, primary or secondary,
liquidated or unliquidated, contractual or tortious, direct, indirect, or derivative, asserted or unasserted, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, now existing, heretofore existing as of the Effective Date, against any of the Releasees,
and which are, in each case, based on any act, fact, event or omission or other matter, cause or thing occurring at any time prior to or on the Effective Date in any way, directly or indirectly arising out of, connected with or relating to the
Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document (including, without limitation, this Amendment) and the transactions contemplated thereby, and all other agreements, certificates, instruments and other documents and statements (whether written or oral)
related to any of the foregoing (each, a Claim and collectively, the Claims); provided, that, no Releasing Party shall have any obligation with respect to Claims to the extent such Claims are
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of any Releasee. Each Releasing Party further
stipulates and agrees with respect to all Claims, that it hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all provisions, rights, and benefits conferred by any applicable U.S. federal or state law, or any principle of
common law, that would otherwise limit a release or discharge of any unknown Claims pursuant to this Section 8(a). 

4 

(b) Each of the Credit Parties, on behalf of itself and each other Releasing Party,
absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably, covenants and agrees with and in favor of each Releasee that it will not sue (at law, in equity, in any regulatory proceeding or otherwise) any Releasee on the basis of any Claim released, remised and
discharged by any Credit Party pursuant to Section 8(a). If any Credit Party or any Releasing Party violates the foregoing covenant and agreement, the Credit Parties agree to pay, in addition to such other damages as any
Releasee may sustain as a result of such violation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by any Releasee as a result of such violation. 

SECTION 9. Governing Law; etc. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY,
AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. This Amendment is subject to the provisions of Sections 10.14, 10.15 and 10.16 of the Credit Agreement relating to submission to jurisdiction, venue, service of
process and waiver of right to trial by jury, the provisions of which are by this reference incorporated in this Amendment in full. 

SECTION 10. Headings. Section headings used in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and
are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 

SECTION 11.
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.
Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by email or facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. A set of the copies of this Amendment signed by all the parties hereto
shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Agent. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment
and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Agent, or the keeping of records in
electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable
Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

SECTION 12. Severability. Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

SECTION 13. Direction and Acknowledgement. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, including,
without limitation, Sections 9.3 and 10.5 thereof, the Consenting Lenders, which collectively constitute the Requisite Lenders under the Credit Agreement, hereby: 

(a) authorize, request, direct and instruct the Agent to execute and deliver this Amendment and to take the other actions (or refrain from
acting), in each case, as contemplated by and in connection with this Amendment; 

5 

(b) acknowledge and agree that the Agent has no liability or responsibility for, and has not
independently or otherwise verified or confirmed the truthfulness, correctness or accuracy of any of the information set forth in this Amendment and will not verify or confirm the same with respect to any other consent, waiver, instruction,
modification or direction related to this Amendment; 

(c) acknowledge and agree that (x) the authorization, request, instruction and
direction from the Consenting Lenders set forth herein constitutes a Direction of the Requisite Lenders and an authorization, request, instruction and direction from the percentage of Lenders necessary under the circumstances under the provisions of
Sections 9.3 and 10.5 of the Credit Agreement and (y) all sections of Section 9 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to any and all actions (and inactions) taken by the Agent in accordance with such authorization, request, instruction and
direction; and 

(d) release the Agent from any and all liability arising out of or otherwise related to this Amendment. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the date
first set forth above. 

VERITONE, INC.

By: 

/s/ Michael L. Zemetra

Name: Michael L. Zemetra

Title: Chief Financial Officer

VERITONE ENTERPRISE, LLC

By: 

/s/ Michael L. Zemetra

Name: Michael L. Zemetra

Title: Chief Financial Officer

VERITONE DIGITAL, INC.

By: 

/s/ Michael L. Zemetra

Name: Michael L. Zemetra

Title: Chief Financial Officer

TABLE ROCK MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: 

/s/ Michael L. Zemetra

Name: Michael L. Zemetra

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

PANDOLOGIC, INC.

By: 

/s/ Michael L. Zemetra

Name: Michael L. Zemetra

Title: Chief Financial Officer

BROADBEAN, INC.

By: 

/s/ Michael L. Zemetra

Name: Michael L. Zemetra

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the date
first set forth above. 

WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB

as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent

By: 

/s/ Kevin McGarvey

Name: Kevin McGarvey

Title: Trust Officer

[Signature Page to
First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the date
first set forth above, and the DWAC instructions for the below Consenting Lenders is set forth below: 

HIGHBRIDGE TACTICAL CREDIT MASTER FUND, L.P.

as a Consenting Lender

By: Highbridge Capital Management, LLC as Trading Manager and not in its individual capacity

By: /s/ Marc Creatore

Name: Marc Creatore

Title: COO/CFO

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the date
first set forth above, and the DWAC instructions for the below Consenting Lenders is set forth below: 

HIGHBRIDGE TACTICAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONAL FUND, LTD.

as a Consenting Lender

By: Highbridge Capital Management, LLC as Trading Manager and not in its individual capacity

By: 

/s/ Marc Creatore

Name: Marc Creatore

Title: COO/CFO

[Signature Page to
First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the date
first set forth above, and the DWAC instructions for the below Consenting Lenders is set forth below: 

HIGHBRIDGE SCF II SPECIAL SITUATIONS SPV LP as a Consenting Lender

By: Highbridge Capital Management, LLC as Trading Manager and not in its individual capacity

By: 

/s/ Marc Creatore

Name: Marc Creatore

Title: COO/CFO

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the date
first set forth above, and the DWAC instructions for the below Consenting Lenders is set forth below: 

1992 MASTER FUND CO - INVEST SPC- SERIES 4 SEGREGATED PORTFOLIO

as a Consenting Lender

By: Highbridge Capital Management, LLC as Trading Manager and not in its individual capacity

By: 

/s/ Marc Creatore

Name: Marc Creatore

Title: COO/CFO

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the date
first set forth above, and the DWAC instructions for the below Consenting Lender is set forth below: 

CONTEXT PARTNERS MASTER FUND, L.P.

as a Consenting Lender

By: 

/s/ Charles E. Carnegie

Name: Charles E. Carnegie

Title: Managing Member

Context Capital Management, LLC

Investment Advisor

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

Conformed Credit Agreement 

Attached. 

Conformed through the
First Amendment to Credit

and Guaranty Agreement,
dated as of April 24, 2025

CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 

dated as of December 13, 2023 

among 

VERITONE, INC. 

as Borrower, 

and 

CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF BORROWER, 

as Guarantors, 

VARIOUS
LENDERS, 

WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB, 

as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 

$77,500,000 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SECTION 1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1 

1.1 Definitions 1 

1.2 Accounting Terms, Financials Statements, Calculations, Etc. 38 

1.3 Interpretation, Etc. 38 

1.4 Rates 39 

SECTION 2 LOANS 40 

2.1 Term Loans 40 

2.2 Reserved 40 

2.3 Reserved 40 

2.4 Pro Rata Shares; Availability of Funds 40 

2.5 Use of Proceeds 41 

2.6 Evidence of Debt; Register; Lenders Books and Records; Notes 41 

2.7 Interest on Loans 42 

2.8 Reserved 43 

2.9 Default Interest 43 

2.10 Prepayment Premium and Fees 43 

2.11 Scheduled Payments 43 

2.12 Voluntary Prepayments 44 

2.13 Mandatory Prepayments 44 

2.14 Application of Prepayments/Reductions 46 

2.15 General Provisions Regarding Payments 46 

2.16 Ratable Sharing 47 

2.17 Making or Maintaining SOFR Loans. 48 

2.18 Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy 52 

2.19 Taxes; Withholding, Etc. 53 

2.20 Obligation to Mitigate 57 

2.21 Tax Treatment 57 

SECTION 3 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 58 

3.1 Closing Date 58 

SECTION 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 61 

4.1 Organization; Requisite Power and Authority; Qualification 61 

4.2 Capital Stock and Ownership 61 

4.3 Due Authorization 62 

4.4 No Conflict 62 

4.5 Governmental Consents 62 

4.6 Binding Obligation 62 

4.7 Historical Financial Statements 62 

i 

4.8 Reserved 63 

4.9 No Material Adverse Change 63 

4.10 Reserved 63 

4.11 Adverse Proceedings, Etc. 63 

4.12 Payment of Taxes 63 

4.13 Properties 63 

4.14 Environmental Matters 64 

4.15 No Defaults 64 

4.16 Reserved 65 

4.17 Governmental Regulation 65 

4.18 Federal Reserve Regulations; Exchange Act 65 

4.19 Employee Matters 65 

4.20 Employee Benefit Plans 66 

4.21 Reserved 66 

4.22 Solvency 66 

4.23 Related Agreements 66 

4.24 Compliance with Statutes, Etc. 67 

4.25 Disclosure 67 

4.26 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws; Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws; Etc. 67 

SECTION 5 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 68 

5.1 Financial Statements and Other Reports 68 

5.2 Existence 72 

5.3 Payment of Taxes and Claims 72 

5.4 Maintenance of Properties 72 

5.5 Insurance 73 

5.6 Books and Records; Inspections 73 

5.7 Lenders Meetings 73 

5.8 Compliance with Laws 73 

5.9 Environmental 74 

5.10 Additional Guarantors 75 

5.11 Additional Locations and Real Estate Assets 75 

5.12 Reserved 76 

5.13 Further Assurances 76 

5.14 Reserved 76 

5.15 Post-Closing Matters 76 

SECTION 6 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 77 

6.1 Indebtedness 77 

6.2 Liens 79 

6.3 Equitable Lien 81 

6.4 No Further Negative Pledges 81 

6.5 Restricted Junior Payments 81 

6.6 Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions 83 

ii 

6.7 Investments 83 

6.8 Minimum Consolidated Liquidity 84 

6.9 Fundamental Changes; Disposition of Assets 84 

6.10 Disposal of Subsidiary Interests 85 

6.11 Sales and Lease-Backs 85 

6.12 Transactions with Shareholders and Affiliates 85 

6.13 Conduct of Business 86 

6.14 Reserved 86 

6.15 Reserved 86 

6.16 Amendments or Waivers with Respect to Certain Indebtedness 86 

6.17 Fiscal Year; Accounting Policies 86 

6.18 Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts 86 

6.19 Amendments to Certain Documents and Agreements 86 

6.20 Use of Proceeds 87 

SECTION 7 GUARANTY 87 

7.1 Guaranty of the Obligations 87 

7.2 Contribution by Guarantors 87 

7.3 Payment by Guarantors 88 

7.4 Liability of Guarantors Absolute 88 

7.5 Waivers by Guarantors 90 

7.6 Guarantors Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc. 90 

7.7 Subordination of Other Obligations 91 

7.8 Continuing Guaranty 91 

7.9 Authority of Guarantors or Company 91 

7.10 Financial Condition of Company 92 

7.11 Bankruptcy, Etc. 92 

7.12 Discharge of Guaranty Upon Sale of Guarantor 93 

7.13 Keepwell 93 

SECTION 8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 93 

8.1 Events of Default 93 

SECTION 9 AGENTS 96 

9.1 Appointment of Agents 96 

9.2 Powers and Duties 96 

9.3 General Immunity 97 

9.4 Agents Entitled to Act as Lender 99 

9.5 Lenders Representations, Warranties and Acknowledgment 100 

9.6 Right to Indemnity 101 

9.7 Successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 102 

9.8 Collateral Documents and Guaranty 104 

9.9 Withholding Taxes 106 

9.10 Administrative Agent May File Bankruptcy Disclosure and Proofs of Claim 106 

9.11 Erroneous Payments 107 

iii 

SECTION 10 MISCELLANEOUS 109 

10.1 Notices 109 

10.2 Expenses 111 

10.3 Indemnity and Related Reimbursement 112 

10.4 Set-Off 113 

10.5 Amendments and Waivers 113 

10.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations 116 

10.7 Independence of Covenants 119 

10.8 Survival of Certain Agreements 119 

10.9 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative 119 

10.10 Marshalling; Payments Set Aside 120 

10.11 Severability 120 

10.12 Obligations Several; Actions in Concert 120 

10.13 Headings 120 

10.14 APPLICABLE LAW 120 

10.15 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 121 

10.16 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 121 

10.17 Confidentiality 122 

10.18 Usury Savings Clause 123 

10.19 Effectiveness; Counterparts 124 

10.20 Entire Agreement 124 

10.21 PATRIOT Act 124 

10.22 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Credit Documents 124 

10.23 No Fiduciary Duty 125 

10.24 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 125 

APPENDICES: A Commitments

B Notice Addresses

C 2026 Convertible Senior Notes Repurchase Schedule

SCHEDULES: 4.1 Jurisdictions of Organization and Qualification

4.2 Capital Stock and Ownership

4.13 Real Estate Assets

4.16 Material Contracts

6.1 Certain Indebtedness

6.2 Certain Liens

6.7 Certain Investments

6.12 Certain Affiliate Transactions

6.22 Schedule of Accounts

iv 

EXHIBITS: A-1 Funding Notice

A-2 Form of Term Loan Note

B Letter of Direction

C Compliance Certificate

D Assignment Agreement

E-1 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

E-2 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

E-3 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

E-4 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

F-1 Closing Date Certificate

F-2 Solvency Certificate

G Counterpart Agreement

H Landlord Collateral Access Agreement

I Intercompany Note and Subordination

J 

Pledge and Security Agreement

v 

CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 

This CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT, dated as of December 13, 2023, is entered into by and among Veritone, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (Company), as borrower and certain of its Subsidiaries, as Guarantors, the Lenders party hereto from time to time, andWilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB (WSFS), as administrative agent for
the Lenders (in such capacity, Administrative Agent) and collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, Collateral Agent). 

RECITALS: 

WHEREAS, Lenders have agreed to extend certain credit facilities to Company in the amounts and upon the terms and conditions more
particularly set forth herein, the proceeds of which will be used, among other things, to repurchase a portion of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes and for general corporate purposes, in each case to the extent permitted hereunder; and 

WHEREAS, the Guarantors party hereto have agreed to guarantee the Obligations of the Company hereunder and to secure all such
Persons respective Obligations by granting to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a First Priority Lien on substantially all of their respective assets, including a pledge of all of the Capital Stock issued by any Subsidiary
of Company, subject to the limitations set forth herein and in the Collateral Documents. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

SECTION 1 DEFINITIONS AND
INTERPRETATION 

1.1Definitions. The following terms used herein, including in the preamble, recitals, exhibits
and schedules hereto, shall have the following meanings: 

2026 Convertible Senior Notes means the convertible senior
notes of the Company issued pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2021, by and among the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

Accounts means all accounts (as defined in the UCC) of any Credit Party (or, if referring to another Person, of
such Person), including accounts, accounts receivable, monies due or to become due and obligations in any form (whether arising in connection with contracts, contract rights, instruments, general intangibles, or chattel paper), in each case whether
arising out of goods sold or services rendered or from any other transaction and whether or not earned by performance, now or hereafter in existence, and all documents of title or other documents representing any of the foregoing, and all collateral
security and guaranties of any kind, now or hereafter in existence, given by any Person with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Acquisition means the acquisition of, by purchase or otherwise (other than purchases or other acquisitions of inventory,
materials and equipment and capital expenditures, in each case in the ordinary course of business), the business, all or substantially all of the property or assets of, or all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or other evidence of beneficial
ownership of, any Person, any division or line of business, or any other business unit of any Person. 

1 

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per
annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided, that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor.

Administrative Agent as defined in the preamble hereto. 

Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding, hearing (in each case, whether administrative, judicial or
otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any Environmental
Claims), whether pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affected Lender as defined in Section 2.17(c). 

Affected Loans as defined in Section 2.17(c). 

Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling (including any member of the
senior management group of such Person), controlled by, or under common control with, that Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled
by and under common control with), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power (i) to vote 10% or more of the Capital Stock having ordinary voting power for the election of members of
the Board of Directors of such Person, or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything in this
definition to the contrary, (i) no Lender nor any of their respective affiliates shall be considered an Affiliate of any Credit Party or of any Subsidiary of any Credit Party, and (ii) each of Chad Steelberg and Ryan Steelberg
shall be deemed Affiliates of the Credit Parties. 

Agency Fee Letter means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of the
Closing Date, by and among the Administrative Agent and the Company. 

Agent means each of Administrative Agent,
Collateral Agent and any other Person appointed as an agent, arranger, bookrunner or similar title or capacity under or otherwise in connection with the Credit Documents. 

Agent Affiliates as defined in Section 10.1(b)(iii). 

Aggregate Amounts Due as defined in Section 2.16. 

Aggregate Payments as defined in Section 7.2. 

2 

Agreement means this Credit and Guaranty Agreement. 

Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws means any and all requirements of law related to anti-bribery or anti-corruption
matters, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. 

Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws
means any and all requirements of law related to engaging in, financing, or facilitating terrorism or money laundering, including the PATRIOT Act, The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy
Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959), Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), Executive Order 13224 (effective September 24, 2001) and each of the laws,
regulations, and executive orders administered by OFAC (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V). 

Applicable Margin means
8.50%. 

Approved Electronic Communications means any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other
material that any Credit Party provides to Administrative Agent pursuant to any Credit Document or the transactions contemplated therein that is distributed to Agents, Lenders by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 10.1(b).

Asset Sale means a sale, lease or sub lease (as lessor or sublessor), sale and leaseback, assignment,
conveyance, transfer (including through a plan of division), exclusive license (as licensor or sublicensor),or other disposition to, or any exchange of property with, any Person (other than to or with Company or any Credit Party that is a
Wholly-Owned Guarantor), in one transaction or a series of transactions, of all or any part of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries respective businesses, assets or properties of any kind, whether real, personal, or mixed and whether
tangible or intangible, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, leased, or licensed, including the Capital Stock of any of the Companys Subsidiaries, other than (i) inventory soldto unaffiliated customers in the ordinary course
of business, (ii) the write-off, discount, sale or other disposition of receivables or similar obligations in the ordinary course of business, (iii) the dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents in
the ordinary course of business made for purposes not prohibited hereby, (iv) Restricted Junior Payments permitted under Section 6.5 and Investments permitted under Section 6.7, and (v) the settlement, unwinding or other
termination of any Capped Call Confirmations.For purposes of clarification, Asset Sale shall include the (x) sale or other disposition for value of any contracts and (y) the early termination or modification of any
contract to which the
BorrowerCompany or any of its Subsidiaries is a party that would have the effect of forgiving or otherwise reducing the future payment obligations of the counterparty thereto in any material respect, resulting in the
receipt by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event in excess of $500,000 per contract (other than payments in the ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts that would have been
due through the date of termination or modification without giving effect thereto). 

Assignment Agreement means
an Assignment and Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D. 

3 

Assignment Effective Date as defined in Section 10.6(b). 

Authorized Officer means, as applied to any Person that is an entity, any duly authorized individual natural Person holding
the position of chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), chief executive officer, president, vice president, Chief Financial Officer, or any other officer or representative (or individual holding a designated authorized office)
specifically authorized by such Persons Board of Directors; provided, that the secretary or assistant secretary of such Person, or another officer of such Person specifically authorized by such Persons Board of Directors, shall have
delivered an incumbency certificate to Administrative Agent verifying the authority of such Authorized Officer. 

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for
determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of
making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of
the term Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.17. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time that is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy as now and
hereafter in effect, or any successor statute. 

Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of
(i) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus12 of 1.00%, (iii) Adjusted Term SOFR
(after giving effect to the Floor) for a one-month tenor in effect on such day, and (iv) the Floor. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or
Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective on the effective day of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively. 

Base Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. 

4 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate;
provided, if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark
Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.17. 

Benchmark
Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(a) the sum of (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) 0.10% (10 basis points); or 

(b) the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite
Lenders) and Company giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing
market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided that any such replacement shall be administratively feasible for Administrative Agent. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to
clause (a) or clause (b) above would be less than the interest rate specified in clause (a) of the definition of Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the interest rate specified
in clause (a) of the definition of Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the
Requisite Lenders) and Company giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the
replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the
Requisite Lenders), which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) 

in the case of clause (a) or clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark
Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the
calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

5 

(b) 

in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the
first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative;provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause
(c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or clause (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or
events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current
Benchmark: 

(a) 

a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) 

a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of
such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no
successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) 

a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

6 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred
with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date
has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.17 and (b) ending at the time that a
Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.17. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Beneficiary means each Agent, Lender and Secured Party. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of
ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975
of the Internal Revenue Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Board of
Directors means, (a) with respect to any corporation or company, the board of directors of the corporation or company or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) with respect to a partnership, the
board of directors or equivalent governing body of the general partner of the partnership, (c) with respect to a limited liability company, the manager, the managing member or members or any controlling committee or board of managers (or
equivalent governing body) of such company or the sole member or the managing member thereof, and (d) with respect to any other Person, the entity, individual, board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 

Board of Governors means the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System, or any successor Governmental
Authority. 

Business Day means any day excluding Saturday, Sunday and any day that is a legal holiday under the laws of
the State of New York or is a day on which banking institutions located in any such state are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Capital Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or a combination thereof)
or other arrangement conveying the right to use such property, by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of that Person. 

Capital Lease Obligation means, as applied to any Person that is a lessee under any Capital Lease, that portion of
obligations under such Capital Lease that is properly classified as a liability on a balance sheet in conformity with GAAP. 

7 

Capital Stock means any and all shares, stock, interests, participations
or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership or profits interests in a Person that is another type of entity, including partnership interests, membership interests, voting trust
certificates, certificates of interest, and profits interests, participations, or similar arrangements, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase, or other arrangements or rights to acquire, subscribe, convert to or otherwise receive
or participate in the economic or other rights associated with any of the foregoing, but shall not include any debt securities convertible into or exchangeable for any securities otherwise constituting Capital Stock pursuant to this definition. 

Capped Call Confirmations means those certain (i) Base Call Option Transaction Confirmations, dated as of
November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and each of Bank of America, N.A., Mizuho Markets Americas LLC (with Mizuho Securities USA LLC acting as agent) and UBS AG London Branch, and (ii) Additional Call Option Transaction
Confirmation, dated as of November 18, 2021, by and between the Company and each of Bank of America, N.A., Mizuho Markets Americas LLC (with Mizuho Securities USA LLC acting as agent) and UBS AG London Branch. 

Cash means money, currency or a credit balance in any demand or Deposit Account. 

Cash Equivalents means, as at any date of determination, (i) marketable securities (a) issued or directly and
unconditionally guaranteed as to interest and principal by the U.S. Federal Government, or (b) issued by any agency of the U.S., in each case of sub-clauses (a) and (b), the obligations of which are
backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., mature within one year after such date, and have, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys; (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the U.S. or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within one
year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iii) certificates
of deposit or bankers acceptances maturing within three months after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the U.S. or any state thereof or the District of Columbia that
(a) is at least adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary federal banking regulator), and (b) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than $1,000,000,000; (iv) investments in
accordance with the Companys investment policy provided to the Lenders on or prior to the Closing Date, and (v) shares of any money market mutual fund that (a) has at least 95% of its assets invested continuously in the types of
investments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, (b) has net assets of not less than $5,000,000,000, and (c) has the highest rating obtainable from both S&P and Moodys. 

Certain Funds Provision has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date hereof, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect
of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of
any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall

8 

Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives
promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed
to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Change of Control means, at any
time: any Person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) (a) shall have acquired beneficial ownership or control
of 40% or more on a fully diluted basis of (1) the voting interests in the Capital Stock of the Company and/or (2) the economic interests in the Capital Stock of the Company, or (b) shall have obtained the power (whether or not
exercised) to elect a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Chief Financial Officer means,
as applied to any Person that is an entity, any duly authorized individual natural Person holding the position of chief financial officer or any other officer position with similar financial responsibility specifically authorized by such
Persons Board of Directors; provided, that the secretary or assistant secretary of such Person, or another officer of such Person specifically authorized by such Persons Board of Directors, shall have delivered an incumbency certificate
to Administrative Agent verifying the authority of such Authorized Officer. 

Closing Date means the date on which the
initialTerm Loans are made, which occurred on December 13, 2023. 

Closing Date Certificate means a
certificate dated as of the Closing Date and substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1.

Collateral means, collectively, all of the real, personal and mixed property (including Capital Stock) in which Liens are
granted and/or purported to be granted pursuant to the Collateral Documents as security for the Obligations. 

Collateral
Agent as defined in the preamble hereto. 

Collateral Documents means the Pledge and Security Agreement, any
Intellectual Property Security Agreements, any Mortgages, any Deposit Account Control Agreements, any Securities Account Control Agreements, any Landlord Collateral Access Agreements, and all other instruments, documents and agreements that are
expressly designated pursuant to their terms to be Collateral Documents or are otherwise executed and delivered by or on behalf of any Credit Party or any other Person pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents in
order to grant to, or perfect in favor of, Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a Lien on any real, personal or mixed property of that Credit Party as security for the Obligations. 

Collateral Questionnaire means a collateral questionnaire and/or perfection certificate substantially in the form delivered
on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 3.1(e)(ii) or otherwise in form satisfactory to the Requisite Lenders that provides information with respect to the personal or mixed property of each Credit Party and their respective Subsidiaries and
Controlled Entities. 

9 

Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a
Term Loan and Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lenders Commitment is set forth on Appendix A. The aggregate amount of the Commitments as of the Closing Date immediately
prior to giving effect to the funding of Term Loans is $77,500,000. 

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1, et seq.), as amended. 

Company as defined in the preamble hereto. 

Competitor means any person or party that is a bona fide direct operating company competitor of, and in the same industry
(or an industry offering a substitute product or service) and market as, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, only to the extent the Company separately identified in writing such persons or parties to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from
time to time. 

Compliance Certificate means a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company substantially
in the form of Exhibit C. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR
or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the
definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of
determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.17(d) and
other technical, administrative or operational matters) that Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and
administration thereof by Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) decides that
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such
other manner of administration as Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents); provided that any such
changes shall be administratively feasible for Administrative Agent. 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection
Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

10 

Consolidated Liquidity means, at any time of determination, an amount
determined for the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis equal to the sum of Qualified Cash of the Credit Parties. 

Contractual
Obligation means, as applied to any Person, any provision of any Security issued by that Person or of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement or other instrument to which that Person is a party or by which
it or any of its properties is bound or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 

Contributing Guarantors as
defined in Section 7.2. 

Controlled Account means (a) any Deposit Account of a Credit Party that is subject
to a Deposit Account Control Agreement, and (b) any Securities Account of a Credit Party that is subject to a Securities Account Control Agreement. 

Controlled Entity means any Credit Partys Controlled Affiliates. As used in this definition, Control
means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Counterpart Agreement means a Counterpart Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G delivered by a Credit Party
pursuant to Section 5.10. 

Credit Document means any of this Agreement, the First Amendment, the Collateral Documents, the Agency Fee Letter
and all other documents, certificates, instruments, including any promissory notes issued from time to time hereunder to evidence the Loans, or agreements that are expressly designated pursuant to their terms to be Credit Documents or
are otherwise executed and delivered by or on behalf of a Credit Party or any other Person for the benefit of any Agent, or any Lender in connection herewith, excluding the Warrants and any other documents relating to any investment by any Lender or
its Affiliates in Capital Stock of any Credit Party. 

Credit Extension means the making of a Loan. 

Credit Party means the Company, as borrower, and each Guarantor. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being
established by Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided, that if
Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for Administrative Agent, then Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the
benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the U.S., any state or territory thereof, the District of Columbia or any other applicable jurisdictions. 

11 

Default means a condition or event that, after notice or lapse of time or
both, would constitute an Event of Default. 

Default Rate means any interest payable pursuant to Section 2.9. 

Deposit Account means any deposit account as defined in Article 9 of the UCC. 

Deposit Account Control Agreement means, with respect to a Deposit Account, an agreement in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Collateral Agent and the Requisite Lenders that (i) is entered into among Collateral Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such Deposit Account is maintained, and the Credit Party maintaining such Deposit
Account, and (ii) is effective for Collateral Agent to obtain control (within the meaning of Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC) of such Deposit Account. 

Direction of the Requisite Lenders means a written direction or instruction from Lenders constituting the Requisite Lenders
which may be in the form of an e-mail or other form of written communication and which may come from counsel acting with the consent of Lenders constituting the Requisite Lenders, it being understood and
agreed that each Agent may conclusively rely on any such written direction or instruction from such counsel. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to each reference herein to documents, agreements or other matters being satisfactory,
acceptable, reasonably satisfactory, reasonably acceptable, waived or requested (or any expression of similar import) to or by the Requisite Lenders, such determination may be communicated
by a Direction of the Requisite Lenders as contemplated above. 

Director means any natural Person constituting the
Board of Directors or an individual member thereof. 

Dispose means, with respect to any Person, any conveyance, sale,
lease (as lessor), license (as licensor), exchange, assignment, transfer or other disposition by such Person of any property or assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any other Person, in each case, whether or not the consideration
therefor consists of Cash, Cash Equivalents, Securities or any other property or assets. For purposes of clarification, Dispose shall include (a) the sale or other disposition for value of any contracts, or (b) the early
termination or modification of any contract resulting in the receipt by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event in excess of $500,000 per contract (other than payments in the
ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts that would have been due through the date of termination or modification without giving effect thereto), or (c) any sale of merchant accounts (or any rights thereto (including any rights to any
residual payment stream with respect thereto)). 

Disqualified Lender means each bank, financial institution, other
institutional lenders and investors, and other entities identified on a list made available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on or prior to the Closing Date. 

12 

Disqualified Capital Stock means any Capital Stock, other than the
Warrants, that, by its terms (or by the terms of any other instrument, agreement or Capital Stock into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the occurrence of any event or condition (i) matures or is mandatorily
redeemable (other than solely for Capital Stock that is not otherwise Disqualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) is redeemable at the option of the holder or beneficial owner thereof (other than solely
for Capital Stock that is not otherwise Disqualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, (iii) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends, distributions or other Restricted Junior Payments in cash, or (iv) is or becomes convertible
into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other obligation, instrument, agreement, or Capital Stock that would meet any of the conditions in clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) of this definition, in each case, prior to the date that is one hundred
eighty days after the latest maturity date or expiration date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), if as a result of a change of control or asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders
thereof upon the occurrence of such a change of control or asset sale event are subject to the prior Payment in Full of all Obligations. 

Distribution as defined in Section 7.7. 

Dollars and the sign $ mean the lawful money of the U.S. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary organized under the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of
Columbia. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA
Member Country that is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country that is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial
institution established in an EEA Member Country that is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or clause (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any other Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Eligible Assignee means any (a) Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender and any Related Fund (any two or more Related
Funds being treated as a single Eligible Assignee for all purposes hereof) and (b) any accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act), in each case other than a Competitor or a Disqualified Lender. 

Employee Benefit Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is or was
sponsored, maintained or contributed to by, or required to be contributed by, the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates. 

Environmental Claim means any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand,
abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (i) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law; (ii) in
connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity; or (iii) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to health, safety, natural resources or the environment. 

13 

Environmental Laws means any and all current or future foreign or
domestic, federal or state (or any subdivision of either of them), statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Authorizations, or any other requirements of Governmental Authorities relating to (i) environmental
matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity; (ii) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal of Hazardous Materials; or (iii) occupational safety and health, industrial hygiene, land use or the
protection of human, plant or animal health or welfare (with respect to exposure to Hazardous Materials), in any manner applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Facility. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

ERISA Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, (i) any corporation that is a member of a controlled group of
corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of which that Person is a member; (ii) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common
control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of which that Person is a member; and (iii) any member of an affiliated service group within the meaning of Section 414(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue
Code of which that Person, any corporation described in clause (i) above or any trade or business described in clause (ii) above is a member. Any former ERISA Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall continue to be
considered an ERISA Affiliate of the Company or any such Subsidiary within the meaning of this definition with respect to the period such entity was an ERISA Affiliate of the Company or such Subsidiary and with respect to liabilities arising after
such period for which the Company or such Subsidiary could be liable under the Internal Revenue code or ERISA. 

ERISA
Event means (i) a reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan (excluding those for which the provision for thirty day notice to
the PBGC has been waived by regulation); (ii) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the
Internal Revenue Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan;
(iii) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (iv) the
withdrawal by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (v) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition that might constitute
grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (vi) the imposition of liability on the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA

14 

Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (vii) the withdrawal of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any potential liability therefor, or the receipt by the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is insolvent pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA;
(viii) the occurrence of an act or omission that could give rise to the imposition on the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the
Internal Revenue Code or under Section 409, Section 502(c), (i) or (l), or Section 4071 of ERISA in respect of any Employee Benefit Plan; (ix) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any
Employee Benefit Plan other than a Multiemployer Plan or the assets thereof, or against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates in connection with any Employee Benefit Plan; (x) receipt from the Internal
Revenue Service of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or
the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; or (xi) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue
Code or pursuant to Section 303(k) of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan. 

EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person). 

Event of Default means each of the conditions or events set forth in Section 8.1. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Excluded Accounts means (a) payroll, employee benefits, trust, escrow and other fiduciary accounts, or zero balance
accounts maintained by the Credit Parties, as long as (i) in the case of payroll accounts, the total amount on deposit at any time does not exceed the current amount of payroll obligations of the Credit Parties, and (ii) in the case of
zero balance accounts, any deposits or funds in any such accounts are transferred at least once each Business Day into a Controlled Account (including, for the avoidance of doubt, at any time following the exercise of exclusive control by any Agent
under the applicable control agreement with respect to such Controlled Account), (b) accounts holding cash collateral securing Liens permitted by Section 6.2, and (c) any other Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts that do not have, in
the aggregate, an average daily balance of more than $500,000. 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any
Guarantor at any time, any obligation (a Swap Obligation) of such Guarantor to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity
Exchange Act, if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is illegal at such time under the
Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an

15 

eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time such guarantee or grant of a security interest becomes effective with respect to such related Swap
Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is or
becomes illegal. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required
to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being
organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection
Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on
which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.19, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable
either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with
Section 2.19(c) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Facility means any real property
(including all buildings, fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter or heretofore owned, leased, operated or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates. 

Fair Share as defined in Section 7.2. 

Fair Share Contribution Amount as defined in Section 7.2. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or
successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to
Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, or official practices adopted pursuant to any such agreements. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means for any day, the rate per annum (expressed, as a decimal, rounded upwards, if necessary,
to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System on such day, as published by the NYFRB on the next Business Day; provided,
(i) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the preceding Business Day as so published on the next Business Day, and (ii) if no such rate is so published
on such next Business Day (or preceding Business Day), the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by Administrative Agent from three (3) Federal funds brokers
of recognized standing selected by Administrative Agent. 

16 

Financial Officer Certification means, with respect to the financial
statements for which such certification is required, the certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company that, as of the date of such certification, such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial
condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal
year-end adjustments. 

First
Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2025, by and among the Company, each of the Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto, and the Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent.

First Amendment Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the First Amendment.

First Priority means, with respect to any Lien purported to be created in
any Collateral pursuant to any Collateral Document, that such Lien is the highest priority Lien to which such Collateral is subject, other than any non-consensual Permitted Liens for Taxes, statutory
obligations, or other obligations that arise and have higher priority by operation of law. 

Fiscal Quarter means a
fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 

Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company and its Subsidiaries ending on
December 31 of each calendar year. 

Flood Certificate means a Standard Flood Hazard Determination Form
of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and any successor Governmental Authority performing a similar function. 

Flood Hazard
Property means any Real Estate Asset subject to a mortgage in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, and located in an area designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as having special flood or mud slide
hazards. 

Flood Program means the National Flood Insurance Program created by the U.S. Congress pursuant to the
National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004. 

Flood Zone means areas having special flood hazards as described in the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968. 

Floor means with respect to Adjusted Term SOFR and any Benchmark Replacement, 3.00% per annum. 

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 

Fund means any Person (other than a Natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or
otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 

17 

Funding Guarantor as defined in Section 7.2. 

Funding Notice means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1.

GAAP means, subject to Section 1.2, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles in effect as of the date of
determination thereof. 

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, municipal, national or other government,
governmental department, licensing authority, self-regulatory organization or other regulatory authority, commission, board, bureau, court, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity or officer exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state of the U.S., the U.S., or a foreign entity or government. 

Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, authorization, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or
from any Governmental Authority. 

Grantor as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Guaranteed Obligations as defined in Section 7.1. 

Guarantor means (a) the Company, to the extent that the Company is not already the primary obligor in respect of any
Obligations, (b) each Subsidiary of the Company that executes this Agreement on the Closing Date, and (c) each other Person that guarantees, pursuant to Section 5.10, Section 7.1 or otherwise, all or any part of the Obligations.

Guaranty means (a) the guaranty of each Guarantor set forth in Section 7, and (b) each other guaranty
of the Obligations that is made by any other Guarantor in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties. 

Hazardous Materials means any chemical, material or substance, exposure to which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any
Governmental Authority or that may give rise to liability under any Environmental Laws. 

Hazardous Materials Activity
means any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Materials, including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge,
placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal, remediation, disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Materials, and any corrective action or response action with respect to any of the
foregoing. 

Hedge Agreement means any Interest Rate Agreement and any other derivative or hedging contract, agreement,
confirmation, or other similar transaction or arrangement that is entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including any commodity or equity exchange, swap, collar, cap, floor, adjustable strike cap, adjustable strike corridor,
cross-currency swap or forward rate agreement, spot or forward foreign currency or commodity purchase or sale, listed or over-the-counter option or similar derivative
right related to any of the foregoing, non-deliverable forward or option, foreign currency swap agreement, currency exchange rate price 

18 

hedging arrangement, or other arrangement designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates, commodity, currency, or Securities values, or any combination of
the foregoing agreements or arrangements; provided that, the term Hedge Agreement shall not include the Capped Call Confirmations. 

Highest Lawful Rate means the maximum lawful interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted
for, charged, or received under the laws applicable to any Lender. 

Historical Financial Statements means as of the
Closing Date, (i) the audited financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries, for the Fiscal Years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 consisting of balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income,
stockholders equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, and (ii) for the interim period from January 1, 2023 to the Closing Date, the unaudited financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries, consisting of a balance sheet
and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each quarterly period completed prior to forty-six days before the Closing Date and for each monthly period
completed prior to thirty-one days prior to the Closing Date, in each case, certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company that they fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition
of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods indicated, subject, if applicable, to changes resulting from audit and normal
year-end adjustments. 

Immaterial Fee-Owned
Properties means, as of any date of determination, any fee-owned Real Estate Asset having a fair market value less than $1,000,000, individually, and less than $2,500,000 in the aggregate for all
such fee-owned Real Estate Assets. 

Indebtedness as applied to any Person,
means, without duplication, (i) all indebtedness for borrowed money; (ii) Capital Lease Obligations; (iii) notes payable and drafts accepted representing extensions of credit whether or not representing obligations for borrowed money;
(iv) any obligation owed for all or any part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding any such obligations incurred under ERISA, payroll liabilities, or any trade payable incurred in the ordinary course of business
unless (a) due more than 120 days from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof and more than 30 days past due, or (b) such obligations are evidenced by a note or a similar written instrument), including any earn out
obligations to the extent such earnout is required to be included as a liability on such Persons balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP and seller financing indebtedness; (v) all indebtedness secured by any Lien on any property or
asset owned or held by that Person regardless of whether the indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed by that Person or is nonrecourse to the credit of that Person; (vi) the face amount of any letter of credit or similar instrument
issued for the account of (or similar credit transaction entered into for the benefit of) that Person or as to which that Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings or is otherwise an obligor; (vii) obligations in respect of
Disqualified Capital Stock, with the amount of Indebtedness represented by such Disqualified Capital Stock being equal to the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference and its maximum fixed repurchase price (for purposes hereof,
the maximum fixed repurchase price of any Disqualified Capital Stock that does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such 

19 

Disqualified Capital Stock as if such Disqualified Capital Stock were purchased on any date on which Indebtedness shall be required to be determined pursuant to this Agreement, and as if such
price were based upon, or measured by, the fair market value of such Disqualified Capital Stock); (viii) the direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (otherwise than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the Indebtedness of another; (ix) any obligation of such Person the primary purpose or intent of which is to provide assurance to an
obligee that the Indebtedness of the obligor thereof will be paid or discharged, or any agreement relating thereto will be complied with, or the holders thereof will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss in respect thereof; (x) any
liability of such Person for Indebtedness of another through any agreement (contingent or otherwise) (a) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise acquire such Indebtedness or provide any security therefor, or to provide funds for the payment or
discharge of such Indebtedness (whether in the form of loans, advances, stock purchases, capital contributions or otherwise) or (b) to maintain the solvency or any balance sheet item, level of income or financial condition of another if, in the
case of any agreement described under subclauses (a) or (b) of this clause (x), the primary purpose or intent thereof is as described in clause (ix) above; and (xi) all obligations of such Person in respect of any exchange traded or
over the counter derivative transaction, including under any Hedge Agreement, in each case whether entered into for hedging or speculative purposes or otherwise, provided, the principal amount of obligations under any Hedge Agreement
that has not been terminated shall be deemed to be the Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of Company and its subsidiaries thereunder. 

Indemnified Liabilities means, collectively, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages (including natural
resource damages), penalties, actual or prospective claims (including Environmental Claims), actions, judgments, suits, costs (including the costs of any investigation, study, sampling, testing, abatement, cleanup, removal, remediation or other
response action necessary to remove, remediate, clean up or abate any Hazardous Materials Activity), Taxes, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including attorneys fees and any fees or expenses incurred by Indemnitees
in enforcing this indemnity), whether direct, indirect, special, or consequential and whether based on any federal, state or foreign laws, statutes, rules or regulations (including securities and commercial laws, statutes, rules or regulations and
Environmental Laws), on common law or equitable cause or on contract or otherwise, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any such Indemnitee (whether asserted by a third party or by any Credit Party or any of its Affiliates), in
any manner relating to or arising out of (i) this Agreement or the other Credit Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including the Lenders agreement to make Credit Extensions or the use or intended use of the
proceeds thereof, or any enforcement of any of the Credit Documents (including any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon any of the Collateral or the enforcement of the Guaranty)); (ii) the statements contained in the commitment letter
dated November 7, 2023 delivered by the Company to the Lenders with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or (iii) any Environmental Claim or Hazardous Materials Activity relating to or arising from, directly or
indirectly, any past or present activity, operation, land ownership, or practice of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of Company under any Credit Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

20 

Indemnitee means, each Agent and Lender, each of their respective
Affiliates and each of their and their Affiliates respective officers, partners, members, directors, trustees, employees, managers, advisors, consultants, administrators, agents, sub-agents and
representatives. 

Indemnitee Agent Party as defined in Section 9.6. 

Insignia Deferred Proceeds means any and all amounts that become due and payable to the Company pursuant to the Insignia Purchase Agreement after the First Amendment Effective Date, including (i) any and all Earnout
Payments, whether in the form of Estimated Earnout Proceeds, Initial Earnout Proceeds, Final Earnout Proceeds or otherwise, as each such term is defined under the Insignia Purchase Agreement and
(ii) any and all releases and payments of previously escrowed amounts.

Insignia Purchase Agreement means that Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of
October 17, 2024, by and among Oxford Buyer, LLC, the Company and Veritone One, LLC.

Installment as defined in Section 2.11. 

Installment Payment Date as defined in Section 2.11. 

Insurance/Condemnation Reinvestment Amounts as defined in Section 2.13(b). 

Insurance/Condemnation Reinvestment Period as defined in Section 2.13(b). 

Intellectual Property as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Intellectual Property Security Agreement as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Intercompany Note and Subordination means a global intercompany promissory note and subordination that
evidences and subordinates certain Indebtedness and other monetary liabilities owed among Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries and certain other controlled Affiliates, as applicable, substantially in the form of Exhibit I. 

Interest Payment Date means (a) the last day of each March, June, September and December and (b) the applicable
Maturity Date. 

Interest Period means (i) initially, the period commencing on the Closing Date (including the
Closing Date) and ending on (and including) the next following Interest Payment Date and (ii) thereafter, the period commencing on (and including) the first day immediately following such Interest Payment Date and ending on the earlier of the
next following Interest Payment Date and the applicable Maturity Date; provided, that (a) if an Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall expire on the next Business Day unless no
further Business Day occurs in such month, in which case such Interest Period shall expire on the immediately preceding Business Day and (b) for purposes of determining Adjusted Term SOFR or other applicable Benchmark, each Interest Period
shall be deemed to be a period of three (3) months. 

21 

Interest Rate Agreement means any interest rate swap agreement, interest
rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement, each of which is for the purpose of hedging or managing the interest rate exposure associated with the Companys and
its Subsidiaries operations. 

Interest Rate Determination Date means, with respect to any Interest Period, the
date that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. 

Internal Revenue
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Investment means (i) any direct or indirect
purchase or other acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of, or of a beneficial interest in, any of the Securities of any other Person, including the establishment or other creation of a Subsidiary or any other interest in the
Securities of any Person; (ii) any direct or indirect redemption, retirement, purchase or other acquisition for value, by any Subsidiary of the Company from any Person, of any Capital Stock of such Person; and (iii) any direct or indirect
loan, advance (other than advances to employees for customary moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice) or capital contributions by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any other Person, including all indebtedness and accounts receivable from that other Person that are not current assets or did not arise from sales of inventory to that other Person in the ordinary course of
business. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups,write-downs or write-offs with respect to such Investment. 

Joint Venture means a joint venture, partnership or other similar arrangement, whether in corporate, partnership or other
legal form; provided, in no event shall any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any Person be considered to be a Joint Venture to which such Person is a party. 

Landlord Collateral Access Agreement means a Landlord Waiver and Consent Agreement substantially in the form of
Exhibit H. 

Leasehold Property means any leasehold interest of any Credit Party as lessee under any lease of real
property, other than any such leasehold interest designated from time to time by the Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion as not being required to be included in the Collateral. 

Lender means each financial institution listed on the signature pages hereto as a Lender, and any other Person that becomes
a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment Agreement. 

22 

Lien means (i) any lien, mortgage, pledge, assignment, security
interest, charge or encumbrance of any kind (including any agreement to give any of the foregoing, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any lease in the nature thereof) and any option, trust or other preferential arrangement
having the practical effect of any of the foregoing, and (ii) in the case of Securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such Securities. 

Loan means the Term Loan. 

Make-Whole Premium means with respect to any prepayment on any date, the present value (which shall not be less than zero)
of an amount equal to: (a) 14.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan subject to such prepayment, replacement or acceleration (as applicable); plus (b) any required remaining scheduled interest that would have accrued on such
Term Loan from such date of prepayment, replacement or acceleration (as applicable) to and excluding the first anniversary of the Closing Date, calculated using the then-applicable Applicable Margin (but excluding the Default Rate, if applicable),
discounted at a rate equal to the sum of (i) the Treasury Rate plus (ii) 50 basis points. 

Margin Stock as defined
in Regulation U. 

Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to the Credit Parties, (a) a material adverse
change in, or a material adverse effect on, the operations, business, properties or financial condition of such Persons, taken as a whole, (b) a material impairment of the ability of such persons, taken as a whole, to perform their respective
payment obligations under the Credit Documents, (c) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender under the Credit Documents, or (d) a material impairment of the legality,
validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Credit Party of any material Credit Document to which it is a party. 

Material Contract means any and all contracts or other arrangements to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party (other than the Credit Documents) for which breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Contracts as of the Closing Date are listed on Schedule 4.16. 

Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of any one or more of the Company and its
Subsidiaries with an individual principal amount (or the Net Mark-to-Market Exposure) of $500,000 or more or, solely for purposes of Section 8.1(b), that,
collectively with any other Indebtedness in respect of which any relevant default or other specified event has occurred, has an aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000 or more. 

Material Non-Public Information means any information which is (a) not
publicly available and (b) material for purposes of the United States federal and state securities laws with respect to (x) the Company and its Subsidiaries, (y) any of their Affiliates or (z) any of their respective securities.

Material Subsidiary means, at any date of determination, a Subsidiary of a Credit Party (a) whose total assets
are greater than 3.5% of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries at such date or (b) whose revenues are greater than 3.5% of the consolidated revenues of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case determined in
accordance with GAAP; provided that if, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date, Subsidiaries that are not Material Subsidiaries have, in the aggregate, (x) total assets greater than 7.5% of the consolidated

23 

assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries at such date or (y) revenues greater than 7.5% of the consolidated revenues of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case determined in
accordance with GAAP, then the Company shall, designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more of such Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries and comply with Sections 5.10 with respect to such Subsidiary within the time
periods set forth therein. 

Maturity Date means the earlier of (i) December 13, 2027 and (ii) the date
that all Term Loans shall become due and payable in full hereunder, whether by acceleration or otherwise. 

MNPI Opt-Out Election has the meaning setting forth in Section 10.17(b). 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Mortgage means a mortgage, deed of trust, or similar instrument in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Requisite Lenders. 

Mortgaged Real Estate Documents means, with respect to each Real Estate Asset that is required to
be subject to a Mortgage pursuant to this Agreement: 

(i) one or more fully executed and notarized Mortgages encumbering such Real Estate
Asset, in each case in proper form for recording in all appropriate places in all applicable jurisdictions; 

(ii) (a) ALTA mortgagee
title insurance policies or, solely to the extent that the Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion waive the requirement for a policy to be issued, unconditional commitments therefor, in each case issued by one or more title companies reasonably
satisfactory to the Requisite Lenders with respect to each Real Estate Asset (each, a Title Policy), each such Title Policy to be in amounts not less than the fair market value of each Real Estate Asset, together with a title
report issued by a title company with respect thereto and dated not more than thirty days prior to the date of the applicable Mortgage, (b) copies of all documents listed as exceptions to title or otherwise referred to therein, each in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Lenders, and (c) evidence satisfactory to the Requisite Lenders that such Credit Party has paid to the title company or to the appropriate Governmental Authorities all expenses and premiums of
the title company and all other sums required in connection with the issuance of each Title Policy and all recording and stamp taxes (including mortgage recording and intangible taxes) payable in connection with recording the Mortgages for each such
Real Estate Asset in the appropriate real estate records; 

(iii) If any such parcel is determined to be in a Special Flood Hazard
Area (A) a completed Flood Certificate with respect to each such Real Estate Asset, which Flood Certificate shall (x) be addressed to Collateral Agent and (y) otherwise comply with the Flood Program and be in form and substance
satisfactory to the Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion; (B) if the Flood Certificate indicates that such Real Estate Asset is located in a Flood Zone, Companys written acknowledgment of receipt of written notification from
Collateral Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) (x) as to the existence of such Real Estate Asset in a Flood Zone and (y) as to whether the community in which such Real Estate Asset is located is participating in the
Flood Program; and (C) if such Real Estate Asset is located in a Flood Zone 

24 

and is located in a community that participates in the Flood Program, evidence that Company has obtained a policy of flood insurance that is in compliance with all applicable requirements of the
Flood Program or, solely to the extent agreed to by Collateral Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion), excluded any structures existing in such Flood Zone from any such Mortgage in a manner satisfactory to
Collateral Agent and the Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion; 

(iv) ALTA surveys of such Real Estate Asset (other than any
Leasehold Property, unless reasonably requested by Collateral Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders)), certified to Collateral Agent and dated not more than thirty days prior to the date of the applicable Mortgage and otherwise in
form and substance satisfactory to Collateral Agent and the Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion; 

(v) an opinion of counsel (which
counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent and the Requisite Lenders) in the state in which such Real Estate Asset is located with respect to the enforceability of the form(s) of Mortgage to be recorded in such state and such other
matters as Collateral Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) may reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent and the Requisite Lenders; and 

(vi) reports and other information, in each case in form, scope and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and the Requisite Lenders
in their sole discretion, regarding environmental matters relating to such Real Estate Asset, including any Phase I Report requested by Collateral Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) with respect to such Real Estate Asset. 

Multiemployer Plan means any Employee Benefit Plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in
Section 3(37) of ERISA. 

NAIC means The National Association of Insurance Commissioners, and any successor
thereto. 

Natural Person means a natural Person or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and
operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person. 

Net Asset Sale Proceeds means, with respect to any Asset Sale,
an amount equal to: (i) Cash payments received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from such Asset Sale (including any Cash received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise (including
by way of a milestone payment, as applicable), but only as and when so received), minus (ii) any bona fide direct costs incurred in connection with such Asset Sale to the extent paid or payable to
non-Affiliates, including (a) Taxes payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of any gain recognized in connection with such Asset Sale during the tax period in which the sale occurs
(or in which a deferred payment described in clause (i) above is made), (b) payment of the outstanding principal amount of, fees, premium or penalty, if any, and interest on any Indebtedness (other than the Loans) that is secured by a Permitted
Lien on the stock or assets in question and that is required to be repaid under the terms thereof as a result of such Asset Sale, and (c) a reasonable reserve for any indemnification payments (fixed or

25 

contingent) attributable to sellers indemnities and representations and warranties to purchaser in respect of such Asset Sale undertaken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in
connection with such Asset Sale; provided that upon release of any such reserve, the amount released shall be considered Net Asset Sale Proceeds. 

Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds means an amount equal to: (i) any Cash payments or proceeds received by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a) under any casualty, business interruption or key man insurance policies in respect of any covered loss thereunder, or (b) as a result of the taking of any assets of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries by any Person pursuant to the power of eminent domain, condemnation or otherwise, or pursuant to a sale of any such assets to a purchaser with such power under threat of such a taking, minus (ii) (a) any actual and
reasonable costs incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the adjustment or settlement of any claims of the Company or such Subsidiary in respect thereof, and (b) any bona fide direct costs incurred in connection
with any sale of such assets as referred to in clause (i)(b) of this definition to the extent paid or payable to non-Affiliates, including income or gains taxes payable by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries as a result of any gain recognized in connection therewith during the tax period the Cash payments or proceeds are received. 

Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of a Person
means, as of any time of determination, the excess (if any) of all unrealized losses over all unrealized profits of such Person arising from Hedge Agreements or other Indebtedness of the type described in clause (xi) of the definition thereof.
As used in this definition, unrealized losses means the fair market value of the cost to such Person of replacing such Hedge Agreement or such other Indebtedness as of the date of determination (assuming the Hedge Agreement or such other
Indebtedness were to be terminated as of that date), and unrealized profits means the fair market value of the gain to such Person of replacing such Hedge Agreement or such other Indebtedness as of the time of determination (assuming
such Hedge Agreement or such other Indebtedness were to be terminated as of that time). 

Non-Consenting Lender as defined in Section 2.22. 

Non-U.S. Lender as defined in Section 2.19(c). 

Note Purchase Agreements means the several Note Purchase Agreements, dated December 13, 2023, between the Company and
each of the Lenders. 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

Obligations means all obligations (whether now existing or hereafter arising, absolute or contingent, joint, several, or
independent) of every nature of each Credit Party from time to time owed to any Person under any Credit Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights), whether for principal, interest (including interest that,
but for the filing of a petition in bankruptcy with respect to such Credit Party, would have accrued on any Obligation, whether or not a claim is allowed against such Credit Party for such interest in the related bankruptcy proceeding), obligations
to pay fees, expenses, indemnification or otherwise, in each case excluding, with respect to any Guarantor, Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor. 

26 

Obligee Guarantor as defined in Section 7.7. 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and any successor Governmental
Authority. 

Organizational Documents means (i) with respect to any corporation or company, its certificate,
memorandum, or articles of incorporation or organization, and its by-laws, (ii) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate or declaration of limited partnership and its partnership
agreement, (iii) with respect to any general partnership, its partnership agreement, and (iv) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization or certificate of formation, as applicable and its operating
agreement or limited liability company agreement, as applicable. In the event any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Credit Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar governmental
official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such governmental official. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection
between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a
security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Credit Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Credit Document). 

Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, court, intangible, recording, filing or documentary, excise,
property, or similar Taxes (and interest, fines, penalties and additions related thereto) arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Credit
Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 

Overnight Rate
means, for any day, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank
compensation. 

Paid in Full and Payment in Full mean, with respect to any or all of the Obligations
or Guaranteed Obligations, as the context requires, that each of the following events has occurred, as applicable: (a) the indefeasible payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds of (i) the principal amount of all
outstanding Loans, (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest, fees, premiums or other charges owing in respect of any Loan or Commitment or otherwise under any Credit Document, and (iii) all accrued and unpaid costs and expenses payable by any
Credit Party to any Person pursuant to any Credit Document, whether or not demand has been made therefor, including any and all indemnification and reimbursement claims that have been asserted by any such Person prior to such time, (b) the
indefeasible payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds of all other outstanding Obligations or Guaranteed Obligations other than unasserted contingent indemnification and contingent reimbursement obligations, (c) the receipt
by Agents of cash collateral to secure any contingent Obligations for which a claim or demand for payment has been made on or prior to such time (or in respect of matters or circumstances known to any Agent or any Lender at such time) that are
reasonably expected to result in any loss, cost, damage, or expense (including attorneys fees and legal expenses), and (d) the termination in writing of all of the Commitments, in each case, subject to Section 7.11(c). 

27 

Participant Register as defined in Section 10.6(h)(i). 

PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct
Terrorism Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 

Pension Plan means any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Section 412 of the
Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA. 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day as defined in the definition
of the term Term SOFR. 

Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by Company or any Wholly-Owned Guarantor, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise; provided, 

(i) immediately
prior to, and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; 

(ii) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated, in all material respects, in accordance with all applicable Requirements
of Law and in conformity with all applicable Governmental Authorizations; 

(iii) in the case of the Acquisition of Capital Stock, all of
the Capital Stock (except for any such Capital Stock in the nature of directors qualifying shares required pursuant to applicable law) acquired or otherwise issued by such Person or any newly formed Guarantor of Company in connection with such
Acquisition shall be owned 100% by Company or a Wholly-Owned Guarantor thereof, and Company shall have taken, or caused to be taken, as of the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary of Company, each of the actions set forth in Sections 5.10, 5.11
and/or 5.13, as applicable; 

(iv) the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in
Section 6.8 on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Acquisition as of the last day of the Fiscal Quarter most recently ended; 

(v) Company shall have delivered to Administrative Agent (A) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to such proposed Acquisition (or
such shorter period as may be agreed by Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion)), (1) a Compliance Certificate evidencing compliance with Section 6.8 as required under clause (iv)
above, and (2) all available relevant financial information with respect to such acquired assets, including the aggregate consideration for such Acquisition and any other information required to demonstrate compliance with Section 6.8, and
(B) promptly upon request by Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) and in any event at least ten (10) Business Days 

28 

prior to closing such Acquisition (or such shorter period as may be agreed by Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion)) (1) a copy of the
then-current draft of the purchase agreement related to the proposed Acquisition (and any related documents reasonably requested by Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders)), (2) to the extent available, quarterly and
annual financial statements of the Person whose Capital Stock or assets are being acquired for the most recent twelve month period ending immediately prior to such Acquisition, including any audited financial statements that are available,
(3) if the purchase price of such Acquisition exceeds $5,000,000, a quality of earnings report (including cash proof analysis) with respect to the Person or assets or division to be acquired in accordance herewith and (4) any other due
diligence materials related to such Acquisition prepared by the Company and/or its advisors; 

(vi) any Person or assets or division as
acquired in accordance herewith (x) shall be located in the United States or such other jurisdiction in which any Credit Party is organized and (y) shall be in same business, lines of business or any ancillary business substantially
related to the business in which Company and/or its Subsidiaries are engaged as of the Closing Date; 

(vii) the Acquisition shall be non-hostile and shall have been approved by the Board of Directors of the Person acquired or the Person from whom such assets or division is acquired, as applicable; and 

(viii) the Company and its Subsidiaries comply with Sections 5.10 and 5.11 with respect to such Acquisition. 

Permitted Junior Debt meansIndebtedness that is unsecured or secured on a junior lien basis to the Term Loans, in
an aggregate principal amount not to exceed an amount equal to 50% of the market capitalization of the Company at the time of incurrence, which shall be used solely to repurchase 2026 Convertible Senior Notes, and that (i) matures after, and
does not require any schedule amortization or other scheduled payments of principal prior to, the date that is 91 days after the latest Maturity Date hereunder, (ii) has a weighted average life to maturity no shorter than the weighted average
life to maturity of any Term Loans, (iii) is incurred by one or more Credit Parties and is not guaranteed by any other obligors, (iv) if secured, is not secured by any property or assets other than the Collateral, and (vi) to the
extent such Indebtedness is secured, is lien subordinated pursuant to a Subordination Agreement reasonably satisfactory to the to the Requisite Lenders. 

Permitted Liens means each of the Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.2. 

Person means and includes natural persons, corporations, limited partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability
companies, limited liability partnerships, joint stock companies, Joint Ventures, associations, companies, trusts, banks, trust companies, land trusts, business trusts or other organizations, whether or not legal entities, and Governmental
Authorities. 

Phase I Report means, with respect to any Facility, a report that (i) conforms to the ASTM Standard
Practice for Environmental Site Assessments: Phase I Environmental Site Assessment Process, E 1527, (ii) was conducted no more than six months prior to the date such report is required to be delivered hereunder, by one or more environmental
consulting firms 

29 

reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent and the Requisite Lenders, (iii) includes an assessment of asbestos-containing materials at such
Facility, (iv) is accompanied by (a) an estimate of the reasonable worst-case cost of investigating and remediating any Hazardous Materials Activity identified in the Phase I Report as giving rise to
an actual or potential material violation of any Environmental Law or as presenting a material risk of giving rise to a material Environmental Claim, and (b) a current compliance audit setting forth an assessment of the Companys, its
Subsidiaries and such Facilitys current and past compliance with Environmental Laws and an estimate of the cost of rectifying any non-compliance with current Environmental Laws identified therein
and the cost of compliance with reasonably anticipated future Environmental Laws identified therein. 

Platform as
defined in Section 10.1(b). 

Pledge and Security Agreement means the Pledge and Security Agreement to be executed
as of the Closing Date by the Company and each Guarantor that is a Domestic Subsidiary in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, the form of Pledge and Security Agreement attached as Exhibit J
hereto is acceptable to the Requisite Lenders. 

Prepayment Premium means the amount set forth in chart below,
determined by reference to the date of prepayment: 

Date of Prepayment 

Prepayment Premium

Closing Date through and including December 13, 2024 Make-Whole Premium

December 14, 2024 through and including December 13, 2025 14.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan subject to such prepayment

December 14, 2025 through and including December 13, 2026 7.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan subject to such prepayment

December 14, 2026 and thereafter 0.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan subject to such prepayment

Prime Rate means the rate of interest quoted in the print edition of The Wall Street
Journal, Money Rates Section as the Prime Rate, as in effect from time to time, or, if such source or rate is unavailable, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15
(519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as
determined by Administrative Agent). 

30 

Principal Office means, for Administrative Agent, such Persons
Principal Office as set forth on Appendix B, or such other office or office of a third party or sub-agent, as appropriate, as such Person may from time to time designate in writing to Company,
Administrative Agent and each Lender; provided, however, that for the purpose of making any payment on the Obligations or any other amount due hereunder or any other Credit Document, the Principal Office of Administrative Agent shall be 500 Delaware
Avenue, 11th Floor, Wilmington, DE 19801, (or such other location as Administrative Agent may from time to time designate in writing to Company and each Lender); provided further that all wires to Administrative Agent shall be made to the wiring
instructions provided by Administrative Agent in writing from time to time. 

Pro Rata Share means with respect to all
payments, computations, other matters relating to the Term Loan of any Lender, and all other purposes, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the Term Loan Exposure of that Lender, by (b) the aggregate Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders.

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may
be amended from time to time. 

Qualified Cash means, at any time of determination, the aggregate balance sheet amount
of unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents included in the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of such time that (i) is free and clear of all Liens other than Liens in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of
Secured Parties and non-consensual Permitted Liens, (ii) may be applied to payment of the Obligations without violating any law, contract, or other agreement, and (iii) is in Controlled Accounts.

Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Credit Party that has total assets exceeding
$10,000,000 at the time such Swap Obligation is incurred or such other Person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another Person to
qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Real Estate Asset means, at any time of determination, any fee interest then owned by any Credit Party in any real
property. 

Recipient means (a) any Agent or (b) any Lender, as applicable. 

Register as defined in Section 2.6(b). 

Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 13, 2023, between the Company
and the parties thereto. 

Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board of Governors as in
effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board of Governors as in effect from time to time and all
official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

31 

Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board of
Governors as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board of Governors as in effect from time to time and all
official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Related Agreements means, collectively, the Warrants, the
Note Purchase Agreements and the Registration Rights Agreement. 

Related Fund means any Fund, investor, entity or
account that is managed, sponsored, advised, or administered by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or affiliate of an entity that manages, administers, or advises a Lender, including any limited partner or
investor in any of the foregoing persons or entities described in clauses (a) or (b). 

Release means any release,
spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the indoor or outdoor environment (including the abandonment or disposal of any
barrels, containers or other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material), including the movement of any Hazardous Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the
Board of Governors or the NYFRB, or any successor thereto. 

Requirements of Law shall mean, collectively, any and all
applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority including any and all treaties, laws, judgments, orders, executive orders, decrees, ordinances, rules, regulations, other binding administrative pronouncements, persuasive guidance, statutes,
common law, case law or treaties.

Requisite Lenders means one or more Lenders having or holding Term Loan
Exposure representing more than 50% of the aggregate Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders. 

Resolution Authority means an
EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Restricted Junior
Payment means (i) any dividend, other distribution, or liquidation preference, direct or indirect, on account of any shares of any class of Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding, except a
dividend payable solely in shares of Capital Stock (other than any Disqualified Capital Stock) to the holders of that class; (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or
indirect, of any shares of any class of Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) now or hereafter outstanding; (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any
outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) now or hereafter outstanding; (iv) [reserved]; and (v) any
payment or prepayment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, or redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance (including in-substance or legal defeasance), sinking fund or similar payment with
respect to, any Subordinated Indebtedness or any earn out obligations or seller financing indebtedness. Notwithstanding the foregoing, conversion of any convertible Securities into Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares shall not be a
Restricted Junior Payment. 

32 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc.,
or any successor to its rating agency business. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, territory or region
that is, or whose government is, the subject or target of any Sanctions, including, as of the Closing Date, the Crimea region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria. 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, any Person with whom dealings are restricted or prohibited under Sanctions, including
(i) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the U.S. (including by OFAC, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or the U.S. Department of State), or by the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union or any EU member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority, (ii) any Person located, operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (iii) any Person owned or
controlled, directly or indirectly, by any such Person described in clause (i) or (ii) of this definition. 

Sanctions means sanctions or trade embargoes enacted, imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (i) the
U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC, U.S. Department of State, or U.S. Department of Commerce, (ii) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any of its member states, His Majestys Treasury of the United
Kingdom, or (iii) any other relevant sanctions authority. 

Secured Parties as defined in the Pledge and Security
Agreement. 

Securities means any stock, shares, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of
interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or
otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to,
purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing, including any Capital Stock and any Hedge Agreements or other derivatives. 

Securities
Account means any securities account as defined in Article 8 of the UCC and any commodity account as defined in Article 9 of the UCC. 

Securities Account Control Agreement means, with respect to a Securities Account, an agreement in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent and the Requisite Lenders that (i) is entered into among Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary at which the applicable Securities Account is maintained, and the Credit Party having rights in
or to the underlying financial assets credited to or maintained in such Securities Account, and (ii) is effective for Collateral Agent to obtain control (within the meaning of Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC) of such Securities Account.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. 

33 

Securities Intermediary means any securities intermediary or
commodity intermediary as such terms are defined in the UCC. 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured
overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor
administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Loan means a Loan bearing interest at a rate determined
by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR other than pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition of Base Rate. 

Solvency Certificate means a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company substantially in the form of Exhibit
F-2.

Solvent means, with respect to any Person, that as of the date of
determination, (a) the sum of such Persons debt (including contingent liabilities) does not exceed the present fair saleable value of such Persons present assets; (b) such Persons capital is not unreasonably small in
relation to its business as contemplated on such date of determination; and (c) such Person has not incurred and does not intend to incur, or believe (nor should it reasonably believe) that it will incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such
debts as they become absolute and matured. For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the
amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic
450-20).

Specified Representations means the representations and warranties of
the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries contained in Section 4.1(a) (solely as it related to existence of the Credit Parties), 4.1(b) (solely as it relates to power and authority of the Credit Parties as to execution, delivery and performance
of the Credit Documents), 4.3, 4.4(a) (limited to the execution and delivery of the Credit Documents by the Credit Parties, incurrence of the Loans hereunder and the granting of the guarantees and the security interests in connection therewith) 4.6,
4.17, 4.18, 4.22, 4.26 and Section 4.1 of the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Subordinated Indebtedness means any
Permitted Junior Debt and any other Indebtedness that is contractually subordinated in right of payment or lien ranking (as applicable) to the Obligations or related Liens. 

Subordination Agreement means, with respect to any Subordinated Indebtedness, the corresponding subordination or
intercreditor agreement, if any, among Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent, on the one hand, and the creditor or creditors (or their respective agents) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness, on the other hand, which shall be in form
and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent and the Requisite Lenders; provided that in the case of Permitted Junior Debt, subordination in right of payment shall not be required. 

34 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity (a) the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Persons consolidated financial statements if such financial
statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP or (b) of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election or
appointment of the Person or Persons (whether Directors, trustees, or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly
or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; provided, in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interest
in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. 

Swap
Obligation as defined in Excluded Swap Obligation. 

Tax means any present or future tax, levy,
impost, duty, assessment, charge, fee, deduction or withholding (together with interest, penalties and other additions thereto), imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority. 

Term Loan means a Term Loan made by a Lender to Company pursuant to Section 2.1(a). 

Term Loan Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, as of any time of determination, the outstanding principal amount of
the Term Loans of such Lender; provided, at any time prior to the making of the Term Loans, the Term Loan Exposure of any Lender shall be equal to such Lenders Commitment. 

Term SOFR means: 

(i) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on
the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark
Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; and 

(ii) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term
SOFR Reference Rate for a one month tenor on the day (such day, the Base Rate SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR
Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York 

35 

City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement
Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for
which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to
such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Term SOFR Adjustment means 0.10% (10 basis points): 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term
SOFR Reference Rate selected by Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the
forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Title Policy as defined in the definition of Mortgaged Real Estate Documents.

Transaction Costs means the fees, costs and expenses payable by the Company, any of Companys Subsidiaries to the
extent paid or payable to non-Affiliates on or before the Closing Date in connection with the Transactions, in each case to the extent acceptable to the Requisite Lenders. 

Transactions means transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents or the Related Agreements to occur on or prior to the
Closing Date. 

Treasury Rate means with respect to any date, the yield to maturity at the time of computation of
United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) that has become publicly available at least two Business Days prior to such date (or, if
such Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from such date to the first anniversary of the Closing Date; provided that if the period from such date to
the first anniversary of the Closing Date is not within one month of a constant maturity of the United States Treasury security for which a weekly average yield is given, the Treasury Rate shall be determined by using the weekly average yield on
actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year. 

UCC means the Uniform
Commercial Code (or any similar or equivalent statute or law) as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 

UK Financial
Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA
Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

36 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public
administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

U.S. means the
United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for
(i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United
States government securities. 

U.S. Lender as defined in Section 2.19(c). 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of one of Exhibits E-1,E-2,E-3 or E-4, as applicable. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

WARN as defined in Section 4.19. 

Warrants means, collectively, those certain Warrants, each dated as of the Closing Date, issued by the Company to each of
the Lenders. 

Weighted Average Yield means, with respect to any Loan on any date of determination, the weighted average
yield to maturity, in each case, based on the interest rate applicable to such Loan on such date and giving effect to all upfront or similar fees or original issue discount payable with respect to such Loan. 

Wholly-Owned means, in reference to any Subsidiary of a specified Person, that 100% of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary
(other than (x) Directors qualifying shares and (y) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Law) is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person and/or one or more of such specified Persons
other Subsidiaries that also qualify as Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries under this definition. 

Write-Down and Conversion
Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the
applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises,
to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any
obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

37 

1.2Accounting Terms, Financials Statements, Calculations, Etc. Except as
otherwise expressly provided herein, all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in conformity with GAAP. Financial statements and other information required to be delivered by the Company to Lenders
pursuant to Section 5.1(a), 5.1(b) and 5.1(c) shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect at the time of such preparation. Subject to the foregoing, calculations in connection with the definitions, covenants and other provisions
hereof shall utilize accounting principles and policies in conformity with those used to prepare the Historical Financial Statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenants
contained in this Agreement, any election by any Credit Party to measure an item of Indebtedness using fair value (as permitted by Accounting Standards Codification Section 825-10 or any similar
accounting standard) shall be disregarded and such determination shall be made as if such election had not been made and (ii) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and
ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to any change in accounting treatment of operating and capital leases scheduled to become effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 as set
forth in the Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases, (Topic 842), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in February 2016, or any similar publication issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be
so treated under GAAP as in effect prior to December 15, 2018. For purposes of determining pro forma compliance with any financial covenant as of any date prior to the initial test date on which such financial covenant is to be tested
hereunder, the level of any such financial covenant shall be deemed to be the covenant level for such initial test date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, for purposes of determining compliance with any basket, accordion or
incremental feature, test, or condition under any provision of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, no Credit Party may retroactively divide, classify, re-classify or deem or otherwise treat a
historical transaction as having occurred in reliance on a basket or exception that was not available at the time of such historical transaction or if and to the extent that such basket or exception was relied upon for any later transaction. When
used herein, the term financial statements shall be construed to include all notes and schedules thereto. Except as otherwise provided therein, this Section 1.2 shall apply equally to each other Credit Document as if fully set forth
therein, mutatis mutandis. 

1.3Interpretation, Etc. Any of the terms defined herein may, unless the context
otherwise requires, be used in the singular or the plural, depending on the reference. References herein to any Section, Appendix, Schedule or Exhibit shall be to a Section, an Appendix, a Schedule or an Exhibit, as the case may be, hereof unless
otherwise specifically provided. Any requirement for a referenced agreement, instrument, certificate or other document to be in substantially the form of an Appendix, Schedule, or Exhibit hereto means that such referenced document shall
be in the form of such Appendix, Schedule, or Exhibit with such modifications to such form as are approved by Administrative Agent, and, in the case of any Collateral Document, Collateral Agent, in each case in such Agents sole discretion. The
words hereof, hereunder, hereby, and words of similar import used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The use herein of the words
include or including, when following any general statement, term or matter, shall not be construed to limit 

38 

such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not
non-limiting language (such as without limitation or but not limited to or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other
items or matters that fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. The word will shall be construed as having the same meaning and effect as the word shall. The words assets
and property shall be construed as having the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties of any relevant Person or Persons. In the computation of periods of time in any Credit
Document from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including, the words to and until mean to but excluding and the word through means
to and including. The terms lease and license shall be construed to include sub-lease and sub-license. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall be
construed to include the corresponding masculine, feminine, and neuter forms. References to Persons include their respective permitted successors and assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, references to statutes, legislative acts,
laws, regulations, and rules shall be deemed to refer to such statutes, acts, laws, regulations, and rules as in effect from time to time, including any amendments of the same and any successor statutes, acts, laws, regulations, and rules, unless
any such reference is expressly limited to refer to any statute, act, law, regulation, or rule as in effect on a specified date. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any reference in or to this Agreement (including any
Appendix, Schedule, or Exhibit hereto), any other Credit Document, or any other agreement, instrument, or other document shall be construed to refer to the referenced agreement, instrument, or document as assigned, amended, restated, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, in each case in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement and any other relevant Credit Document unless such reference is expressly limited to refer to such agreement, instrument, or other document
as in effect on a specified date. Except as otherwise provided therein, this Section 1.3 shall apply equally to each other Credit Document as if fully set forth therein, mutatis mutandis. 

1.4Rates. Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect
to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to
in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any
Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its
discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base
Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to Company. Administrative
Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in
the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to Company, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or
consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

39 

SECTION 2 LOANS 

2.1Term Loans. 

(a) Loan Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender severally agrees to make, on the Closing Date, a Term
Loan to Company in an amount equal to such Lenders Commitment. 

Company may make only one borrowing under the Commitment, which borrowing may only
occur on the Closing Date. Any amount borrowed under this Section 2.1(a) and subsequently repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Subject to Sections 2.12 and 2.13, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Term Loans shall be Paid in
Full no later than the Maturity Date. Each Lenders Commitment shall terminate immediately and fully without further action by any Person upon the funding of such Lenders Commitment on the Closing Date. 

(b) Borrowing Mechanics for Term Loans. 

(i) Company shall deliver to Administrative Agent a fully executed Funding Notice no later than two (2) Business Days
prior to the Closing Date with respect to Term Loans made on the Closing Date. Except as otherwise provided herein, a Funding Notice for a Term Loan shall be irrevocable on and after the related Interest Rate Determination Date, and Company shall be
bound to make a borrowing in accordance therewith. Promptly upon receipt by Administrative Agent of any suchFunding Notice, Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the proposed borrowing. 

(ii) Each Lender shall make its Term Loan available to Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on
the Closing Date, by wire transfer of same day funds in Dollars, at Administrative Agents Principal Office. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent specified herein, Administrative Agent shall make the proceeds of the Term
Loans available to Company on the Closing Date by causing an amount of same day funds in Dollars equal to the proceeds of all such Loans received by Administrative Agent from Lenders to be credited to the account as designated in writing to
Administrative Agent on Funding Notice by Company. 

2.2Reserved. 

2.3Reserved. 

2.4Pro Rata Shares; Availability of Funds. 

(a) Pro Rata Shares. All Loans shall be made, and all participations purchased, by Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their
respective Pro Rata Shares, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in such other Lenders obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby nor shall
any Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of a default by any other Lender in such other Lenders obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby. 

40 

(b) Availability of Funds. Unless Administrative Agent shall have been notified by
any Lender prior to the Closing Date that such Lender does not intend to make available to Administrative Agent the amount of such Lenders Loan requested on the Closing Date, Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such
amount available to Administrative Agent on the Closing Date and Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, but shall not be obligated to, make available to Company a corresponding amount on the Closing Date. If such corresponding amount is
not in fact made available to Administrative Agent by such Lender, Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the Closing Date until the
date such amount is paid to Administrative Agent, at the customary rate set by Administrative Agent for the correction of errors among banks. In the event that (i) Administrative Agent declines to make a requested amount available to Company
until such time as all applicable Lenders have made payment to Administrative Agent, (ii) a Lender fails to fund to Administrative Agent all or any portion of the Loans required to be funded by such Lender hereunder prior to the time specified
in this Agreement, and (iii) such Lenders failure results in Administrative Agent failing to make a corresponding amount available to Company on the Closing Date, at Administrative Agents option, such Lender shall not receive
interest hereunder with respect to the requested amount of such Lenders Loans for the period commencing with the time specified in this Agreement for receipt of payment by Company through and including the time of Companys receipt of the
requested amount. If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon Administrative Agents demand therefor, Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Company and Company shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to
Administrative Agent together with interest thereon, for each day from the Closing Date until the date such amount is paid to Administrative Agent, at the rate payable for such Loans. Nothing in this Section 2.4(b) shall be deemed to relieve
any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitments hereunder or to prejudice any rights that Company may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 

2.5Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Term Loans made on the Closing Date shall be applied by Company to (i) repurchase
an aggregate $50,000,000 principal amount of 2026 Convertible Senior Notes as more fully described on Appendix C, (ii) for general corporate purposes, and (iii) to pay Transaction Costs. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, no Credit Extension or proceeds thereof may be used in any manner that conflicts with Section 4.18(b) or Section 4.26(a). 

2.6Evidence of Debt; Register; Lenders Books and Records; Notes. 

(a) Lenders Evidence of Debt. Each Lender shall maintain on its internal records an account or accounts evidencing the
Obligations of Company to such Lender, including the amounts of the Loans made by it and each repayment and prepayment in respect thereof. Any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on Company, absent manifest error; provided, that
the failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect Companys Obligations in respect of any applicable Loans; and providedfurther, in the event of any inconsistency between the Register
and any Lenders records, the recordations in the Register shall govern. 

41 

(b) Register. Administrative Agent (or an agent or
sub-agent appointed by it), acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, shall maintain at its Principal Office in the United States a
register for the recordation of the names and addresses of Lenders and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The Register shall be
available for inspection by Company or any Lender (with respect to (i) any entry relating to such Lenders Loans, and (ii) the identity of the other Lenders (but not any information with respect to such other Lenders Loans)) at
any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Administrative Agent shall record, or shall cause to be recorded, in the Register the Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6, and each repayment or
prepayment in respect of the principal amount of the Loans, and any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on Company and each Lender, absent manifest error; provided, failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such
recordation, shall not affect Companys Obligations in respect of any Loan. Company hereby designates Administrative Agent to serve as Companys non-fiduciary agent solely for purposes of maintaining
the Register as provided in this Section 2.6. 

(c) Promissory Notes. If so requested by any Lender by written notice to
Company (with a copy to Administrative Agent) at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date, or at any time thereafter, Company shall execute and deliver to such Lender (and/or, if applicable and if so specified in such notice, to any Person
who is an assignee of such Lender pursuant to Section 10.6) on the Closing Date (or, if such notice is delivered after the Closing Date, promptly after Companys receipt of such notice) a promissory note or notes, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A-2, to evidence such Lenders Term Loan. 

2.7Interest on
Loans. 

(a) Except as otherwise set forth herein, each Loan shall bear interest on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date
made through repayment (whether by acceleration or otherwise) at the Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin. 

(b) The basis for determining the rate of interest with respect to any Loan, and the Interest Period with respect to any SOFR Loan, shall be
selected by Company and notified to Administrative Agent and Lenders pursuant to the Funding Notice. 

(c) There shall be no more than one
Interest Period outstanding at any time. As soon as practicable after 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on each Interest Rate Determination Date, Administrative Agent shall determine (which determination shall, absent manifest error, be final,
conclusive and binding upon all parties) the interest rate that shall apply to the SOFR Loans for which an interest rate is then being determined for the applicable Interest Period and will promptly give notice thereof to Company and each Lender.

42 

(d) Interest payable pursuant to Section 2.7(a) shall be computed on the basis of a
three hundred sixty-day year, in each case for the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which it accrues. In computing interest on any Loan, the date of the making of such Loan or the first day
of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan shall be included, and the date of payment of such Loan or the expiration date of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan shall be excluded; provided, if a Loan is repaid on the same day on
which it is made, one days interest shall be paid on that Loan. 

(e) Except as otherwise set forth herein, interest on each Loan
(i) shall accrue on a daily basis and shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date with respect to interest accrued on and to each such Interest Payment Date; (ii) shall accrue on a daily basis and shall be payable in arrears
upon any prepayment of that Loan, whether voluntary or mandatory, to the extent accrued on the amount being prepaid; and (iii) shall accrue on a daily basis and shall be payable in arrears at maturity of the Loans, including final maturity of
the Loans. 

2.8Reserved. 

2.9Default Interest. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all Obligations shall
thereafter bear interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws) payable on demand at a rate that is three percent (3.00%) per annum in excess of the interest rate
otherwise payable hereunder with respect to the applicable Loans pursuant to Section 2.7(a). Payment or acceptance of (i) the increased rates of interest provided for in this Section 2.9 or (ii) any amount of interest that is
less than the amount due, in each case is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of any Agent or any Lender. 

2.10Prepayment Premium and Fees. 

(a) In the event that all or any portion of the Term Loans is voluntarily prepaid in cash pursuant to Section 2.12 or mandatorily prepaid
pursuant to Section 2.13(d), such prepayment shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the applicable Prepayment Premium. 

(b) In
the event that all or any portion of the Term Loans is repaid (or prepaid) pursuant to Section 2.13 (other than pursuant to clause (d) thereof) or accelerated prior to the Maturity Date for any reason (including, without limitation,
automatic acceleration upon an Event of Default under Section 8.1(f) and 8.1(g) or upon any redemption or buyback (including upon any Change of Control)), such repayment shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the lesser of (x) the
Prepayment Premium that would be applicable pursuant to clause (a) above if such repayment, prepayment, redemption or buyback were a voluntary prepayment on such date in the equivalent amount and (y) 10.00% of the amount of the Term Loans so
repaid, prepaid, accelerated or otherwise redeemed. 

(c) In addition to any of the foregoing fees, Company agrees to pay to Agents such
other fees in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon, including the fees set forth in the Agency Fee Letter. 

2.11Scheduled Payments. The principal amounts of the Term Loans shall be repaid in consecutive quarterly installments (each such payment, an Installment) on the tenth day of each March, June, September and December
commencing on June 10, 2024 (each such date, an Installment Payment Date), an amount equal to the product of (x) 2.50% multiplied by (y) the 

43 

aggregate original stated principal amount of all Term Loans made under this Agreement prior to such Installment Date (without reducing any such Installment to reflect payments of the outstanding
principal of any Term Loan after the initial funding thereof). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Term Loans, together with all other amounts owed hereunder with respect thereto, shall, in any event, be Paid in Full on the Maturity Date. 

2.12Voluntary Prepayments. Any time and from time to time Company may prepay any such Loans on any Business Day in whole or in
part (together with any amounts due pursuant to Section 2.10(a)) in cash in an aggregate minimum amount of $5,000,000 (or, if less, the entire principal amount outstanding) and integral multiples of $1,000,000 (or, if less, the entire principal
amount outstanding) in excess of that amount. All such prepayments shall be made upon not less than three (3) Business Days prior written notice (including a calculation of amounts due under Section 2.10(a)), in each case given to
Administrative Agent by 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date required (and Administrative Agent will promptly transmit such written notice for Term Loans to each Lender). Upon the giving of any such notice, the principal amount of the Loans
specified in such notice shall become due and payable on the prepayment date specified therein subject to any conditions set forth in such notice. Any such voluntary prepayment shall be applied as specified in Section 2.14(b). 

2.13Mandatory Prepayments. 

(a) Asset Sales. No later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following the date of receipt by any Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries of any Net Asset Sale Proceeds (it being understood that such Net Asset Sale Proceeds shall be deposited into a Controlled Account on the same Business Day as receipt thereof), the Company shall prepay the Loans as set forth in
Section 2.14(b) in an aggregate amount equal to
sixtyone
hundred percent
(60100%) of such Net Asset Sale Proceeds plus any amount due pursuant to Sections 2.10(b); provided, that no such prepayment shall be required
under. To avoid doubt, all Insignia Deferred Proceeds will be treated as Net Asset Sale Proceeds for
purposes of this Section 2.13(a) to the extent the aggregate Net Asset Sale Proceeds received by any Credit
Party and/or any of its Subsidiaries from the Closing Date through the applicable date of determination does not exceed $10,000,000 (and then, only the amount in excess thereof shall be required to be paid)..

(b) Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds. No later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following the date of receipt by any Credit Party or
any of its Subsidiaries, or Administrative Agent as lender loss payee, of any Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds (it being understood that such Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds received by a Credit Party shall be deposited by such Credit Party
into a Controlled Account on the same Business Day as receipt thereof), Company shall prepay the Loans as set forth in Section 2.14(b) in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of such Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds plus any amounts due
pursuant to Sections 2.10(b); provided, that so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (such amounts, the Insurance/Condemnation Reinvestments Amounts), Company shall have the option,
directly or through one or more of its Subsidiaries to invest such Insurance/Condemnation Reinvestment Amounts within two hundred seventy (270) days of receipt thereof (the Insurance/Condemnation Reinvestment Period) in long
term assets of the general type used in the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as of the Closing Date), which investment may include the repair, restoration or replacement of the relevant assets in

44 

respect of which such Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds were received. In the event that such Insurance/Condemnation Reinvestment Amounts are not reinvested by Company prior to the earlier of
(i) the expiration of the applicable Insurance/Condemnation Reinvestment Period, and (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default, then, at such time, an Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred and be continuing under this
Section 2.13(b) until a prepayment is made (or any such escrow is applied by Administrative Agent as a prepayment) in an amount equal to such Insurance/Condemnation Reinvestment Amounts that have not been so reinvested. 

(c) Reserved. 

(d)
Issuance of Debt. On the date of receipt by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Cash proceeds (it being understood that any such Cash proceeds shall be deposited into a Controlled Account on the same Business Day as receipt
thereof) from the incurrence of any Indebtedness of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, excluding any Cash proceeds received with respect to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.1, Company shall prepay the
Loans as set forth in Section 2.14(b) in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of such proceeds plus all amounts due under Section 2.10(a), net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other reasonable costs and expenses associated
therewith, in each case, paid to non-Affiliates, including reasonable legal fees and expenses. 

(e) Reserved.

(f)
2026 Convertible Senior Notes Trigger. To the extent $30,000,000 or more of aggregate principal amount of 2026 Convertible Senior Notes are outstanding on August 14, 2026, the Company shall immediately prepay the outstanding amount of
all of the Loans together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus all amounts due under Section 2.10(b) plus all other Obligations due and owing. 

(g) Change of Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Company shall prepay the outstanding amount of all of the Loans
together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus all amounts due under Section 2.10(b) plus all other Obligations due and owing (it being understood and agreed the payment pursuant to this clause (g) shall be in addition to any
other right and remedy that the Agents or any other Secured Party has as a result of an Event of Default arising from the occurrence of such Change of Control. 

(h) Reserved. 

(i)
Prepayment Certificate. Concurrently with any prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Sections 2.13(a) through 2.13(f), Company shall deliver to Administrative Agent a certificate of a Chief Financial Officer demonstrating the calculation of the
amount of the applicable net proceeds and compensation owing to Lenders under any of the Credit Documents, if any (including a calculation of amounts due under Section 2.10(a) or 2,10(b), as applicable). In the event that Company shall
subsequently determine that the actual amount received exceeded the amount set forth in such certificate, Company shall promptly make an additional prepayment of the Loans in an amount equal to such excess plus all applicable fees payable under
Section 2.10(a) and 2.10(b), and Company shall concurrently therewith deliver to Administrative Agent a certificate of a Chief Financial Officer demonstrating the derivation of such excess. 

45 

2.14Application of Prepayments/Reductions. 

(a) Reserved. 

(b)
Application of Prepayments. Any voluntary prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.12 and any mandatory prepayment of any Loan pursuant to Section 2.13 shall include any prepayment fee set forth in Section 2.10 and shall
be applied as follows: 

first, to the payment of all fees other than any premium, and all expenses and indemnities
specified in Sections 10.2 and 10.3, in each case to the full extent thereof; 

second, to the payment
of any accrued interest at the Default Rate, if any; 

third, to the payment of any accrued interest (other than
Default Rate interest); 

fourth, to the payment of the applicable premium, if any, on any Loan or Commitment; 

fifth, to prepay Term Loans on a pro rata basis (in accordance with the respective outstanding principal amounts
thereof) and shall be further applied in inverse order of maturity to reduce the remaining scheduled Installments of principal of the Term Loans; and 

sixth, to payment of any remaining Obligations then due and payable. 

2.15General Provisions Regarding Payments. 

(a) All payments by Company of principal, interest, fees and other Obligations shall be made in Dollars in immediately available funds,
without defense, recoupment, setoff or counterclaim, free of any restriction or condition, and delivered to Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date due by wire transfer to an account designated by
Administrative Agent from time to time. For purposes of computing interest and fees, funds received by Administrative Agent after that time on such due date shall be deemed to have been paid by Company on the next Business Day. 

(b) All payments in respect of the principal amount of any Loan shall be accompanied by payment of accrued interest on the principal amount
being repaid or prepaid, and all such payments (and, in any event, any payment received in respect of any Loan on a date when interest or premium is due and payable with respect to such Loan) shall be applied to the payment of interest and premium
then due and payable before application to principal. 

(c) Administrative Agent (or an agent or
sub-agent appointed by it) shall promptly distribute to each Lender at such address as such Lender shall indicate in writing, such Lenders applicable Pro Rata Share of all payments and prepayments of
principal and interest due hereunder, together with all other amounts due thereto, including all fees payable with respect thereto, to the extent received by Administrative Agent. 

46 

(d) [reserved]. 

(e) Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the
next Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of the payment of interest hereunder. 

(f) [reserved].

(g) Administrative Agent shall deem any payment by or on behalf of Company hereunder that is not made in same day funds prior to 12:00
p.m. (New York City time) to be a non-conforming payment. Any such payment shall not be deemed to have been received by Administrative Agent until the later of (i) the time such funds become available
funds, and (ii) the applicable next Business Day. Administrative Agent shall give prompt telephonic notice to Company and each applicable Lender (confirmed in writing) if any payment is non-conforming.
Any non-conforming payment may constitute or become a Default or Event of Default in accordance with the terms of Section 8.1(a). Interest shall continue to accrue on any principal as to which a non-conforming payment is made until such funds become available funds (but in no event less than the period from the date of such payment to the next Business Day) at the Default Rate from the date such amount was
due and payable until the date such amount is Paid in Full. 

(h) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and not otherwise been waived,
and the Obligations have become due and payable in full hereunder, whether by acceleration, maturity or otherwise, all payments or proceeds received by any Agent hereunder or under any Collateral Document in respect of any of the Obligations,
including all proceeds received by any Agent in respect of any sale, any collection from, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral, shall be applied in full or in part as follows: first, to the payment of all costs and
expenses of such sale, collection or other realization, including reasonable compensation to each Agent and its agents and counsel, and all other expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by any Agent in connection therewith, and all
amounts for which any Agent is entitled to indemnification hereunder or under any Collateral Document (in its capacity as an Agent and not as a Lender) and all advances made by any Agent under any Collateral Document for the account of the
applicable Grantor, and to the payment of all costs and expenses paid or incurred by any Agent in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any Collateral Document, all in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof;
second, to the extent of any excess of such proceeds, to the payment of all other Obligations for the ratable benefit of the Lenders; and third, to the extent of any excess of such proceeds, to the payment to or upon the order of such
Grantor or to whosoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. 

2.16
Ratable Sharing. Lenders hereby agree among themselves that if any of them shall, whether by voluntary payment (other than a voluntary prepayment of Loans made and applied in accordance with the terms of Section 2.14), through the
exercise of any right of set-off or bankers lien, by counterclaim or cross action or by the enforcement of any right under the Credit Documents or otherwise, or as adequate protection of a deposit
treated as cash collateral under the Bankruptcy Code, receive payment or reduction of a proportion of the aggregate amount of principal, interest, amounts payable in respect fees and other amounts then due and owing to such Lender hereunder or under
the other Credit Documents (collectively, the Aggregate

47 

Amounts Due to such Lender) that is greater than the proportion received by any other Lender in respect of the Aggregate Amounts Due to such other Lender, then the Lender receiving
such proportionately greater payment shall (a) notify Administrative Agent and each other Lender of the receipt of such payment and (b) apply a portion of such payment to purchase participations (which it shall be deemed to have purchased
from each seller of a participation simultaneously upon the receipt by such seller of its portion of such payment) in the Aggregate Amounts Due to the other Lenders so that all such recoveries of Aggregate Amounts Due shall be shared by all Lenders
in proportion to the Aggregate Amounts Due to them; provided, if all or part of such proportionately greater payment received by such purchasing Lender is thereafter recovered from such Lender upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of Company
or otherwise, those purchases shall be rescinded and the purchase prices paid for such participations shall be returned to such purchasing Lender ratably to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. Company expressly consents to the
foregoing arrangement and agrees that any holder of a participation so purchased may exercise any and all rights of bankers lien, consolidation, set-off or counterclaim with respect to any and all monies
owing by Company to that holder with respect thereto as fully as if that holder were owed the amount of the participation held by that holder. The provisions of this Section 2.16 shall not be construed to apply to (a) any payment made by
any Credit Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of any Credit Document (including amounts received by a Lender pursuant to Sections 2.18 or 2.19) or any Related Agreement or (b) any payment obtained by any Lender as
consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or other Obligations owed to it. 

2.17 Making or
Maintaining SOFR Loans. 

(a) Changed Circumstances/Temporary Adjusted Term SOFR Unavailability. Subject to clause
(b) below, if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any SOFR Loan: 

(i) Administrative Agent determines (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or 

(ii) the Requisite Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a
continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan, and the Requisite Lenders have
provided notice of such determination to Administrative Agent, 

Administrative Agent will promptly so notify Company and each Lender. 

Upon notice thereof by Administrative Agent to Company, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Companies to continue SOFR
shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) until Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (ii), at the instruction of the Requisite Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice,
(i) Company may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Companies will be deemed to have converted
any such request into a request 

48 

for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at
the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Credit Parties shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to this
Section 2.17. Subject to clause (b), if Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to
the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by Administrative Agent without reference to clause (iii) of the definition of Base Rate until Administrative Agent revokes
such determination. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark
Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without
any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark
Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this
Agreement or any other Credit Document so long as Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Requisite Lenders. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily
Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. 

(ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other
Credit Document. 

(iii) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. Administrative Agent will promptly
notify Company and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement.
Administrative Agent will notify Company of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to 

49 

this Section 2.17 and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Administrative Agent
or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.17, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or
their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.17. 

(iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit
Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not
displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided
a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) may modify the definition of
Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was
removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it
is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or
analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(v)
Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon Companys receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, Company may revoke any pending request for a SOFR Loan of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be
made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Companies will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Base Rate Loan or a conversion to a Base Rate Loan. During a Benchmark
Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any
determination of the Base Rate. 

(c) Illegality or Impracticability of SOFR Loans. In the event that on any date any Lender shall
have determined (which determination shall be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto but shall be made only after consultation with Administrative Agent) that the making, maintaining, converting to, or continuation of its SOFR
Loans (i) has become unlawful as a result of compliance by such Lender in good faith with any law, treaty, governmental rule, regulation, guideline or order (or would conflict with any such treaty, governmental rule,

50 

regulation, guideline or order not having the force of law even though the failure to comply therewith would not be unlawful), or (ii) has become impracticable, as a result of contingencies
occurring after the date hereof that materially and adversely affect the ability of such Lender to make, maintain, convert to, or continue its SOFR Loans, then, and in any such event, such Lender shall be an Affected Lender and
such Affected Lender shall on that day give written or telephonic (promptly confirmed in writing) notice to Company and Administrative Agent of such determination (which notice Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each other Lender).
Thereafter (1) the obligation of the Affected Lender to make Loans as, or to convert Loans to, SOFR Loans shall be suspended until such notice shall be withdrawn by the Affected Lender, (2) to the extent such determination by the Affected
Lender relates to a SOFR Loan then being requested by Company pursuant to a Funding Notice, the Affected Lender shall make such Loan as (or continue such Loan as or convert such Loan to, as the case may be) a Base Rate Loan, (3) the Affected
Lenders obligation to maintain its outstanding SOFR Loans (the Affected Loans) shall be terminated at the earlier to occur of the expiration of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the Affected Loans or when
required by law, and (4) the Affected Loans shall automatically convert into Base Rate Loans on the date of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent a determination by an Affected Lender as described above relates to a
SOFR Loan then being requested by Company pursuant to a Funding Notice, Company shall have the option, subject to the provisions of Section 2.17(d), to rescind such Funding Notice as to all Lenders by giving written or
telephonic (promptly confirmed in writing) notice to Administrative Agent of such rescission on the date on which the Affected Lender gives notice of its determination as described above (which notice of rescission Administrative Agent shall
promptly transmit to each other Lender). For the avoidance of doubt, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by Administrative Agent without reference to clause (iii) of the
definition of Base Rate, in each case, until such Affected Lender notifies Administrative Agent and Company that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. 

(d) Compensation for Breakage or Non-Commencement of Interest Periods. Company shall
compensate each Lender, upon written request by such Lender (which request shall set forth the basis for requesting such amounts), for all reasonable losses, expenses and liabilities (including any interest paid or calculated to be due and payable
by such Lender to lenders of funds borrowed by it to make or carry its SOFR Loans and any loss, expense or liability sustained by such Lender in connection with the liquidation or re-employment of such funds
but excluding loss of anticipated profits) which such Lender may sustain: (i) if for any reason (other than a default by such Lender) a borrowing of any SOFR Loan does not occur on a date specified therefor in a Funding Notice or a telephonic
request for borrowing; (ii) if any prepayment or other principal payment of, or any conversion of, any of its SOFR Loans occurs on any day other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable to that Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory,
automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); or (iii) if any prepayment of any of its SOFR Loans is not made on any date specified in a notice of prepayment given by Company. 

(e) Booking of SOFR Loans. Any Lender may make, carry or transfer SOFR Loans at, to, or for the account of any of its branch offices or
the office of an Affiliate of such Lender. 

51 

2.18Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy. 

(a) Compensation For Increased Costs and Taxes. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.19 (which shall be controlling with respect
to the matters covered thereby), in the event that any Lender or Agent shall determine (which determination shall, absent manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) that any Change in Law: (i) subjects such
Lender (or its applicable lending office), or the Agent to any additional Tax (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes)
with respect to this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents or any of its obligations hereunder or thereunder, any payments to such Lender (or its applicable lending office) of principal, interest, fees or any other amount payable hereunder,
or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; (ii) imposes, modifies or holds applicable any reserve (including any marginal, emergency, supplemental, special or other reserve), special deposit, liquidity,
compulsory loan, FDIC insurance or similar requirement against assets held by, or deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, or advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such
Lender or any company controlling such Lender; or (iii) imposes any other condition (other than with respect to a Tax matter) on or affecting such Lender (or its applicable lending office) or any company controlling such Lender or such
Lenders obligations hereunder or the ability of such Lender to make, maintain, covert to, or continue its SOFR Loans; and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make, making or maintaining
Loans hereunder or to reduce any amount received or receivable by such Lender (or its applicable lending office) or Agent with respect thereto; then, in any such case, Company shall promptly pay to such Lender or Agent, upon receipt of the statement
referred to in the next sentence, such additional amount or amounts (in the form of an increased rate of, or a different method of calculating, interest or otherwise as such Person in its reasonable discretion shall determine) as may be necessary to
compensate such Person for any such increased cost or reduction in amounts received or receivable hereunder. Such Lender or Agent shall deliver to Company (in the case of a Lender, with a copy to Administrative Agent) a written statement, setting
forth in reasonable detail the basis for calculating the additional amounts owed to such Person under this Section 2.18(a), which statement shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto absent manifest error. 

(b) Capital Adequacy and Liquidity Adjustment. In the event that any Lender shall have determined (which determination shall, absent
manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) that (A) any Change in Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity, or (B) compliance by any Lender (or its applicable lending office) or any company controlling
such Lender with any Change in Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the capital of such Lender or any company controlling such Lender as a consequence of, or with reference to,
such Lenders Loans or participations therein or other obligations hereunder with respect to the Loans to a level below that which such Lender or such controlling company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration
the policies of such Lender or such controlling company with regard to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time, within five Business Days after receipt by Company from such Lender of the statement referred to in the next sentence,
Company shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such reduction. Such Lender shall deliver to Company (with a copy to Administrative Agent) a written statement, setting forth in reasonable detail
the basis for calculating the additional amounts owed to Lender under this Section 2.18(b), which statement shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto absent manifest error. 

52 

(c) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand
compensation pursuant to this Section 2.18 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation; provided that Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.18 for any
increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lenders intention to claim
compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

2.19 Taxes; Withholding, Etc. 

(a) Payments to Be Free and Clear. All sums payable by or on behalf of any Credit Party hereunder and under the other Credit Documents
shall be paid free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding on account of, any Tax, unless required by applicable Requirements of Law. 

(b) Withholding of Taxes. If any Credit Party, Administrative Agent, or any other Person (acting as a withholding agent) is (in such
withholding agents reasonable good faith discretion) required by applicable Requirements of Law to make any deduction or withholding on account of any Tax from any sum paid or payable by any Credit Party to any Agent or any Lender under any of
the Credit Documents: (i) such withholding agent shall notify Administrative Agent and the Company of any such requirement or any change in any such requirement promptly after becoming aware of it; (ii) Company, Administrative Agent, or
any other Person (acting as a withholding agent) shall be entitled to make any such deduction or withholding in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental
Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law; and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by such Credit Party in respect of which the relevant deduction, withholding or payment is required shall be increased to
the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making of that deduction, withholding or payment (including for any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.19), the applicable Recipient
receives on the due date a net sum equal to what it would have received had no such deduction, withholding or payment for Indemnified Taxes been required or made. 

(c) Evidence of Exemption From U.S. Withholding Tax. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any
Credit Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company
or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the 

53 

Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the
Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution
and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.19(c)(ii) or Section 2.19(d)) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would
subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(1) each Lender that is not a United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Internal Revenue Code) (a Non-U.S. Lender) shall, to the extent such Lender is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Company and Administrative Agent, on or prior to the Closing Date
(in the case of each Lender listed on the signature pages hereof on the Closing Date) or on or prior to the date of the Assignment Agreement pursuant to which it becomes a Lender (in the case of each other Lender), and at such other times as may be
necessary in the determination of Company or Administrative Agent (each in the reasonable exercise of its discretion), the following: 

(A) two copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN,W-8BEN-E,W-8ECI,W-8EXP and/or W-8IMY (or, in
each case, any successor forms), properly completed and duly executed by such Lender, and such other documentation required under the Internal Revenue Code, Treasury Regulations, or other applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by
Company or the Administrative Agent to establish that such Lender (and/or such Lenders direct or indirect owners, if the Lender is not the beneficial owner of the Loans) is not subject to (or is subject to a reduced rate of) deduction or
withholding of U.S. federal income tax with respect to any payments to such Lender of principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable under any of the Credit Documents, or 

(B) if such Lender is not a bank or other Person described in Section 881(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code,
a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate together with two copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN,W-8BEN-E or W-8IMY (or, in each case, any successor form), properly completed and duly executed by such Lender, and such other documentation required under the Internal Revenue Code and reasonably requested by Company or the
Administrative Agent to establish that such Lender (and/or such Lenders direct or indirect owners, if the Lender is not the beneficial owner of the Loans) is not subject to (or is subject to a reduced rate of) deduction or withholding of U.S.
federal income tax with respect to any payments to such Lender of interest payable under any of the Credit Documents. 

54 

(2) each Lender that is a United States person (as such term is
defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code) (a U.S. Lender) shall deliver to Administrative Agent and Company on or prior to the Closing Date (or, if later, on or prior to the date on which such Lender
becomes a party to this Agreement) two copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form), properly completed and duly executed by such U.S. Lender, certifying that such U.S. Lender is
entitled to an exemption from U.S. backup withholding tax, or otherwise prove that it is entitled to such an exemption. 

(3) Each Lender required to deliver any forms, certificates or other evidence with respect to U.S. federal income tax
withholding matters pursuant to this Section 2.19(c) hereby agrees, from time to time after the initial delivery by such Lender of such forms, certificates or other evidence, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders such
forms, certificates or other evidence obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, that such Lender shall promptly deliver to Administrative Agent for transmission to Company two new copies of Internal Revenue Service Form
W-8BEN,W-8BEN-E,W-8ECI,W-8EXP,W-8IMY, and/or W-9 (or, in any case, any successor form), or a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and two copies of Internal Revenue Service Form
W-8BEN,W-8BEN-E, or W-8IMY (or, in each case, any successor form), as the case may be,
properly completed and duly executed by such Lender, and such other documentation required under the Internal Revenue Code and reasonably requested by Company or the Administrative Agent to confirm or establish that such Lender is not subject to
deduction or withholding of U.S. federal income tax with respect to payments to such Lender under the Credit Documents, or notify Administrative Agent and Company of its inability to deliver any such forms, certificates or other evidence. 

(iii) Each Agent shall deliver to the Company, on or prior to the Closing Date, a duly executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8, as appropriate. 

(d) FATCA. If a payment made to a Recipient under any Credit Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA
if such Recipient were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to Company and
Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Company or Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law (including as
prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Company or Administrative Agent as may be necessary for Company and Administrative Agent to comply with their
obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Recipient has complied with such Recipients obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of the preceding sentence of this
clause (d), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date hereof. 

55 

(e) Payment of Other Taxes by Company. Without limiting the provisions of
Section 2.19(b), Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authorities in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law or, at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, all Other Taxes. 

(f) Indemnification by Credit Parties. Credit Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify any Agent and any Lender for the full
amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.19) paid or payable by Agent or Lender or any of their respective Affiliates and any reasonable
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to
any Credit Party shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Such payment shall be due within ten days of such Credit Partys receipt of such certificate. 

(g) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify each Agent for (i) Indemnified Taxes attributable to
such Lender (but only to the extent that Company has not already indemnified such Agent therefor and without limiting the obligation of Company to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of
Section 10.6(h)(i) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by such Agent in connection with any Credit Document and any
reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to
any Lender by Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Such payment shall be due within ten days of such Lenders receipt of such certificate. Each Lender hereby authorizes each Agent to set off and apply any and all
amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Credit Document or otherwise payable by any Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to such Agent under this paragraph (g). 

(h) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Credit Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to
this Section 2.19, such Credit Party shall deliver to Administrative Agent a copy of any receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment
reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 

(i) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion
exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.19 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.19), it shall pay to the
indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.19 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying
party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (i) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the
event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such 

56 

Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (i), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant
to this paragraph (i) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification
and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified
party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(j) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 2.19 shall survive the resignation or replacement of any Agent or
any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Credit Document. 

(k) For purposes of this Section 2.19, the term applicable Requirements of Law includes FATCA. 

2.20Obligation to Mitigate. Each Lender agrees that, if such Lender requests payment under Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19,
then such Lender will, to the extent not inconsistent with the internal policies of such Lender and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, use reasonable efforts to make, issue, fund or maintain its Credit Extensions, including any
Affected Loans, through another office of such Lender if, as a result thereof, the additional amounts payable to such Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19, as the case may be, in the future would be eliminated or reduced and if, as
determined by such Lender in its reasonable discretion, the making, issuing, funding or maintaining of such Loans through such other office or in accordance with such other measures, as the case may be, would not otherwise adversely affect such
Loans or the interests of such Lender; provided, such Lender will not be obligated to utilize such other office pursuant to this Section 2.20 unless Company agrees to pay all incremental expenses incurred by such Lender as a result of
utilizing such other office as described above. A certificate as to the amount of any such expenses payable by Company pursuant to this Section 2.20 (setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount) submitted by such
Lender to Company (with a copy to Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

2.21Tax Treatment.
The Company and the Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (a) the Company has determined, for purposes of Section 1.1273-2(c) of the Treasury
Regulations, that the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes constitute property traded on an established market; (b) the Term Loan is part of an investment unit within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code that includes
the Warrants (the Investment Unit); and (c) the Company will determine the fair market value of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes for purposes of Section 1.1273-2(f)(9)(i) of the Treasury
Regulations, issue price (within the meaning of Section 1273(b) of the Internal Revenue Code) of the Investment Unit and the allocation of such issue price between the Term Loan and Warrant consistent with this Section 2.21 and Section 1.1273-2(h) of the Treasury Regulations (which allocation shall be consistent with the allocation set forth in the Warrants), and the Company will inform the Lenders of such determinations. The parties
hereto agree to report all income tax matters with respect to the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes, Term Loans and Warrants consistent with this Section 2.21 and shall not take any action or file any Tax return, report or declaration inconsistent
herewith unless required to do so by a change in applicable Requirements of Law or by a Tax authority following an audit or examination. 

57 

SECTION 3 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

3.1Closing Date. The obligation of each Lender to enter into this Agreement and to make any Loan on the Closing Date is subject
to the satisfaction, or waiver in accordance with Section 10.5, of the following conditions on or before the Closing Date (in each case, except to the extent required to be satisfied as a condition subsequent in accordance with
Section 5.15): 

(a) Credit Documents; Related Agreements. Administrative Agent and Lenders (or their respective counsels) shall
have received sufficient copies of (i) this Agreement, the promissory notes, if any are requested, the Pledge and Security Agreement, and each other Credit Document to be dated as of the Closing Date, in each case as Administrative Agent or any
Lender shall request, in form and substance satisfactory to the Requisite Lenders, and originally executed and delivered by each applicable Credit Party and each other Person party thereto, (ii) the Warrants duly executed and delivered by the
parties thereto, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to each Lender party thereto, (iii) the Registration Rights agreement duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to each
Lender party thereto, and (iv) the Note Purchase Agreements duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to each Lender party thereto. 

(b) Organizational Documents; Incumbency. Administrative Agent and Lenders (or their respective counsels) shall have received in
respect of each Credit Party (i) sufficient copies of each Organizational Document as Administrative Agent or any Lender shall request, in each case certified by an Authorized Officer of such Credit Party and, to the extent applicable,
certified as of a recent date prior to the Closing Date by the appropriate Governmental Authority; (ii) signature and incumbency certificates of the officers of such Credit Party executing any Credit Documents to which it is a party;
(iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Credit Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and the Related Agreements, in each case, to which it is a party or
by which it or its assets may be bound as of the Closing Date, certified as of the Closing Date by an appropriate Authorized Officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment; (iv) a good standing certificate from the
applicable Governmental Authority of such Credit Partys jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation and in each jurisdiction in which it is qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do business, each dated a recent
date prior to the Closing Date; and (v) such other documents as Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request prior to the Closing Date. 

(c) Reserved. 

(d)
Governmental Authorizations and Consents. Each Credit Party shall have obtained all Governmental Authorizations and all consents of other Persons, in each case that are required in connection with the Transactions (including the entering
into of the Credit Documents and the Related Agreements to be delivered on the Closing Date) and each of the foregoing shall be in full force and effect and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative

58 

Agent and Lenders. All applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent authority that would restrain, prevent or otherwise impose
adverse conditions on the Transactions or the financing thereof and no action, request for stay, petition for review or rehearing, reconsideration, or appeal with respect to any of the foregoing shall be pending, and the time for any applicable
agency to take action to set aside its consent on its own motion shall have expired. 

(e) Personal Property Collateral. Subject to
the Certain Funds Provision and except to the extent set forth in Section 5.15, in order to create in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a valid, perfected First Priority Lien in the personal property Collateral,
each Credit Party shall have delivered to Collateral Agent (or its counsel): 

(i) evidence satisfactory to Collateral Agent
and Lenders of the compliance by each Credit Party of their obligations under the Pledge and Security Agreement and the other Collateral Documents (including their obligations to authorize or execute, as the case may be, and deliver UCC financing
statements, originals of securities, instruments and chattel paper and any agreements governing deposit and/or securities accounts as provided therein) required to be provided on or prior to the Closing Date; 

(ii) a completed Collateral Questionnaire dated the Closing Date, together with all attachments contemplated thereby; 

(iii) fully executed Intellectual Property Security Agreements, in proper form for filing or recording in all appropriate
places in all applicable jurisdictions; 

(iv) [reserved]; and 

(v) an Intercompany Note and Subordination and made or caused to be made any other filing and recording (other than as set
forth herein) reasonably required by Collateral Agent and Lenders. 

(f) Financial Statements. Lenders shall have received from the
Company the Historical Financial Statements. 

(g) Evidence of Insurance. Collateral Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a
certificate from each applicable Credit Partys insurance broker or other evidence satisfactory to it that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to Section 5.5 is in full force and effect. 

(h) Opinions of Counsel to Credit Parties. Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received executed copies of the favorable
written opinions of Cooley LLP, as counsel for Credit Parties as to such matters as Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, dated as of the Closing Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent and
Lenders (and each Credit Party hereby instructs such counsel to deliver such opinions to Administrative Agent (or its counsel)). 

59 

(i) Fees. Company shall have paid to each Agent the fees payable on or before the
Closing Date pursuant to the Agency Fee Letter and all expenses payable pursuant to Section 10.2 that have accrued as of the Closing Date. 

(j) Solvency Certificate. On the Closing Date, Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a Solvency Certificate from
Company dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to Administrative Agent and Lenders, and in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent and Lenders, with appropriate attachments and demonstrating that after giving
effect to the consummation of the Transactions and the Credit Extensions to be made on the Closing Date, Company and its Subsidiaries, as a whole, are and will be Solvent. 

(k) Closing Date Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to Administrative Agent (or its counsel) an executed Closing Date
Certificate, together with all attachments thereto. 

(l) Minimum Liquidity. Company shall demonstrate in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent and Lenders that on the Closing Date and immediately after giving effect to any Credit Extensions to be made on the Closing Date, including the payment of all Transaction Costs required to be paid in
Cash, Company shall have minimum Consolidated Liquidity of at least $55,000,000. 

(m) No Material Adverse Change. Since
November 7, 2023, no fact, circumstance, occurrence, change or event has occurred that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, the
operations, business, properties or financial condition of such the Credit Parties, taken as a whole. 

(n) Specified
Representations. As of the Closing Date, the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not apply to any representations and warranties to the
extent already qualified or modified by materiality or similar concept in the text thereof. 

(o) Letter of Direction.
Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a duly executed letter of direction from Company addressed to Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, directing the disbursement on the Closing Date of the proceeds of the
Loans made on such date substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto. 

(p) KYC Documentation. (i) At least ten days prior to
the Closing Date, the Lenders shall have received all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT
Act. 

(ii) At least five days prior to the Closing Date, any Credit Party that qualifies as a legal entity
customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Credit Party. 

60 

Notwithstanding anything in the Credit Documents to the contrary, to the extent any security interest in any
Collateral is not or cannot be provided and/or perfected on the Closing Date (other than the pledge and perfection of the security interest in the equity interests of each of the Companys direct Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries organized in the
United States and other assets pursuant to which a lien may be perfected by the filing of a financing statement under the UCC or any filings with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office) after the Companys use of commercially reasonable efforts
to do so or without undue burden or expense, then the provision and/or perfection of a security interest in such Collateral shall not constitute a condition precedent to the availability of the Term Loans on the Closing Date, but instead shall be
required to be delivered within 60 days after the Closing Date (or such later date after the Closing Date as the Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) shall agree) pursuant to arrangements to be mutually agreed by
the Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders) and the Company acting reasonably (the foregoing provision, the Certain Funds Provision). 

Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement and funding a Loan on the Closing Date, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and
consented to and approved, each Credit Document and each other document required to be approved by any Agent, Requisite Lenders or Lenders, as applicable on the Closing Date. 

SECTION 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

In order to induce Agents and Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make each Credit Extension to be made thereby, each Credit Party
represents and warrants to each Agent and Lender, on the Closing Date that the following statements are true and correct: 

4.1Organization; Requisite Power and Authority; Qualification. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization as identified in
Schedule 4.1(a), (b) has all requisite power and authority to own and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into the Credit Documents to which it is a party and to carry out
the transactions contemplated thereby, and (c) is qualified to do business and in good standing in every jurisdiction necessary to carry out its business and operations, except in jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or in good
standing has not had, and could not be reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.2Capital Stock and
Ownership. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.2, Capital Stock of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable. Except as
set forth on Schedule 4.2, as of the date hereof, there is no existing option, warrant, call, right, commitment or other agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party requiring, and there is no membership interest or other
Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries outstanding that upon conversion or exchange would require, the issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any additional Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
other Securities convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the right to subscribe for or purchase, additional Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Schedule 4.2 correctly sets forth the ownership interest of the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date both before and after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions. 

61 

4.3Due Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of the
Credit Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each Credit Party that is a party thereto. 

4.4No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance by the Credit Parties of the Credit Documents to which they are parties and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents do not and will not
(a) violate any provision of any material Requirement of Law applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any of the Organizational Documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any order, judgment or decree of any court or
other agency of government binding on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (b) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default or give rise to any right of termination, amendment,
cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or the loss of any material benefit or the triggering of any payment under any Material Contract, any Related Agreement, or any other material Contractual Obligation of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries; (c) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Liens created under any of the Credit Documents in favor of Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties); or (d) require any approval of stockholders, members or partners or any approval or consent of any Person under any Material Contract, any Related Agreement, or any other material Contractual
Obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for such approvals or consents that have been obtained on or before the Closing Date and have been disclosed in writing to Lenders. 

4.5Governmental Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by Credit Parties of the Credit Documents to which
they are parties and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents do not and will not require any registration with, consent or approval of, or notice to, or other action to, with or by, any Governmental Authority except
such that have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and filings and recordings with respect to the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to Collateral Agent for filing and/or recordation, as of the Closing Date. 

4.6Binding Obligation. Each Credit Document required to be delivered hereunder has been duly executed and delivered by
each Credit Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

4.7Historical Financial Statements. The Historical Financial Statements were prepared in conformity with GAAP and fairly
present, in all material respects, the financial position, on a consolidated basis, of the Persons described in such financial statements as at the respective dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows, on a consolidated basis, of
the entities described therein for each of the periods as of the dates and for the periods to which they relate, subject, in the case of any such unaudited financial statements, to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments. As of the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any contingent liability or liability for taxes, long-term lease or unusual
forward or long-term commitment that is not reflected in the Historical Financial Statements or the notes thereto and that in any such case is material in relation to the business, operations, properties,
assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

62 

4.8 Reserved. 

4.9No Material Adverse Change. Since the Closing Date, no event, circumstance or change has occurred that has caused or
evidences, either in any case or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.10 Reserved. 

4.11Adverse Proceedings, Etc. There are no Adverse Proceedings that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect or liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000, individually, or $1,000,000, in the aggregate for all such Adverse Proceedings. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) is in violation of
any applicable Requirements of Law (including Environmental Laws) that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000, individually, or $1,000,000, in
the aggregate for all such violations, or (b) is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, rules or regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department,
commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000, individually, or
$1,000,000, in the aggregate for all such defaults. 

4.12Payment of Taxes. All tax returns and reports of the Company and
its Subsidiaries required to be filed by any of them have been timely filed, and all material Taxes due and payable and all assessments, fees and other governmental charges upon the Company and its Subsidiaries and upon their respective properties,
assets, income, businesses and franchises that are due and payable have been paid when due and payable (in each case other than (a) any Taxes the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Company and/or its applicable Subsidiary, as the case may be or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to
result in a liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000, individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate. 

4.13Properties. 

(a) Title. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has (i) good, sufficient and legal title to (in the case of fee interests in
real property), (ii) valid leasehold interests in (in the case of leasehold interests in real or personal property), (iii) valid licensed rights in (in the case of licensed interests in intellectual property), and (iv) good title to (in the
case of all other personal property), all of their respective properties and assets reflected in their respective Historical Financial Statements referred to in Section 4.7 and in the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to
Section 5.1 and Section 5.15(a), in each case except for assets disposed of since the date of such financial statements in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted under Section 6.9. Except for Permitted Liens, all
such properties and assets are free and clear of Liens. 

63 

(b) Real Estate. As of the Closing Date, Schedule 4.13 contains a true, accurate
and complete list of (i) all Real Estate Assets, including an indication as to whether each such Real Estate Asset constitutes an Immaterial Fee Owned Property and (ii) all real property leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Each lease agreement, sublease or assignment (together with all amendments, modifications, supplements, renewals or extensions of any thereof) affecting the Real Estate Assets referred to in the immediately preceding sentence is in full force and
effect and the Company does not have knowledge of any default that has occurred and is continuing thereunder, and each such agreement constitutes the legally valid and binding obligation of each applicable Credit Party, enforceable against such
Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles whether brought
in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

4.14Environmental Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor
any of their respective Facilities or operations are subject to any outstanding written order, consent decree or settlement agreement with any Person relating to the violation of any Environmental Law, any Environmental Claim, or any Hazardous
Materials Activity that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any letter or request for information under Section 104
of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9604) or any comparable state law. There are and, to each of the Companys and its Subsidiaries knowledge, have been, no conditions,
occurrences, or Hazardous Materials Activities that could reasonably be expected to form the basis of an Environmental Claim against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to any Credit Partys knowledge, any predecessor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has filed any notice under any Environmental Law indicating past or
present treatment of Hazardous Materials at any Facility in violation of applicable Requirements of Law, and none of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries operations involves the generation, transportation, treatment, storage or
disposal of hazardous waste, as defined under 40 C.F.R. Parts 260-270 or any state equivalent, except to the extent that such operations are undertaken in material compliance with Requirements of Law.
Compliance with all current or reasonably foreseeable future requirements pursuant to or under Environmental Laws could not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No event or condition has
occurred or is occurring with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the violation of any Environmental Law, any Release of Hazardous Materials, or any Hazardous Materials Activity that individually or in the aggregate has
had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.15No Defaults. 

(a) No event shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the applicable Credit Extension that would
constitute an Event of Default or a Default. 

64 

(b) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default in the performance,
observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any of its material Contractual Obligations, and no condition exists that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, could constitute such a
default, except where the consequences, direct or indirect, of such default or defaults, if any, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000, individually, or $1,000,000, in the aggregate for all such defaults. 

4.16 Reserved. 

4.17Governmental Regulation. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to regulation under the Federal
Power Act or the Investment Company Act of 1940 or under any other federal or state statute or regulation that may limit its ability to incur Indebtedness or that may otherwise render all or any portion of the Obligations unenforceable. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a registered investment company or a company controlled by a registered investment company or a principal underwriter of a registered investment
company as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

4.18Federal Reserve Regulations; Exchange
Act. 

(a) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the
business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. 

(b) No portion of the proceeds of any Credit
Extension has or will be used in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, that causes or could reasonably be expected to cause, such Credit Extension or the application of such proceeds to violate Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X of the
Board of Governors or any other regulation thereof or to violate the Exchange Act. 

4.19Employee Matters. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged in any unfair labor practice that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000, individually, or
$1,000,000, in the aggregate for all such practices, in each case during the term of this Agreement. There is (a) no unfair labor practice complaint pending against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to the best knowledge of the
Company, threatened against any of them before the National Labor Relations Board and no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement that is so pending against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened against any of them, (b) no strike or work stoppage in existence or threatened involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (c) to the best knowledge of the Company,
no union representation question existing with respect to the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the best knowledge of the Company, no union organization activity that is taking place, except (with respect to any matter
specified in clause (a), (b) or (c) above, either individually or in the aggregate) such as is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in liabilities in excess of $500,000, individually, or $1,000,000, in the aggregate
for all such liabilities. No Credit Party has incurred 

65 

any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) or any similar federal or state law that remains unpaid or unsatisfied and could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or is in excess of $500,000, individually, or $1,000,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities. 

4.20Employee Benefit Plans. The Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each of their respective ERISA Affiliates are in
compliance with all applicable provisions and requirements of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder with respect to each Employee Benefit Plan, and have performed all their obligations under
each Employee Benefit Plan. Each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service indicating that such Employee
Benefit Plan is so qualified and nothing has occurred subsequent to the issuance of such determination letter that would cause such Employee Benefit Plan to lose its qualified status. No liability to the PBGC (other than required premium payments),
the Internal Revenue Service, any Employee Benefit Plan or any trust established under Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates. No ERISA Event has occurred or
is reasonably expected to occur. Except to the extent required under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code or similar state laws, no Employee Benefit Plan provides health or welfare benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise)
for any retired or former employee of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates. The present value of the aggregate benefit liabilities under each Pension Plan sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates (determined as of the end of the most recent plan year on the basis of the actuarial assumptions specified for funding purposes in the most recent actuarial valuation for such Pension
Plan), did not exceed the aggregate current value of the assets of such Pension Plan. As of the most recent valuation date for each Multiemployer Plan for which the actuarial report is available, the potential liability of the Company, its
Subsidiaries and their respective ERISA Affiliates for a complete withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan (within the meaning of Section 4203 of ERISA), when aggregated with such potential liability for a complete withdrawal from all
Multiemployer Plans, based on information available pursuant to Section 4221(e) of ERISA is zero. The Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each of their ERISA Affiliates have complied with the requirements of Section 515 of ERISA with
respect to each Multiemployer Plan and are not in material default (as defined in Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA) with respect to payments to a Multiemployer Plan. 

4.21 Reserved. 

4.22Solvency. Upon the consummation of the Transactions on the Closing Date, the Credit Parties are and, upon the
incurrence of any Credit Extension on any date on which this representation and warranty is made, will be, taken as a whole, Solvent. 

4.23Related Agreements. 

(a) Delivery. The Company have delivered to Administrative Agent (or its counsel) complete and correct copies of each Related Agreement
and of all exhibits and schedules thereto as of the Closing Date. 

66 

(b) Representations and Warranties. Except to the extent otherwise expressly set
forth herein or in the schedules hereto, and subject to the qualifications set forth therein, each of the representations and warranties given by any Credit Party in any Related Agreement is true and correct in all material respects as of the
Closing Date (or as of any earlier date to which such representation and warranty specifically relates); provided that such materiality qualifier shall not apply to any representations and warranties to the extent already qualified or modified by
materiality or similar concept in the text thereof. Notwithstanding anything in the Related Agreement to the contrary, the representations and warranties of each Credit Party set forth in this Section 4.23 shall, solely for purposes hereof,
survive the Closing Date for the benefit of Lenders. 

(c) Governmental Approvals. All Governmental Authorizations and all other
authorizations, approvals and consents of any other Person required by the Related Agreements have been obtained and are in full force and effect (other than any filings to be made with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement). 

4.24Compliance with Statutes, Etc. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in
compliance in all material respects with all Requirements of Law. 

4.25Disclosure. (a) No representation or warranty of any
Credit Party contained in any Credit Document or in any other documents, certificates or written statements furnished to any Agent or Lender by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than projections, pro forma financial
information and information of a general economic or industry nature) for use in connection with the Transactions contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact (known to the Company, in the case of any document
not furnished by either of them) necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or such documents, certificates or statements not misleading in light of the circumstances in which the same were made. Any projections and pro forma
financial information contained in such materials are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by the Company to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by Lenders that such projections as to future events are not to be
viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections may differ from the projected results. There are no facts known (or that should upon the reasonable exercise of diligence be known) to the Company
(other than matters of a general economic nature) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and that have not been disclosed herein or in such other documents, certificates and
statements furnished to Lenders for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) As of the Closing Date, the
information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. 

4.26 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption
and Anti-Bribery Laws; Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws; Etc. 

(a) None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, , or any
of their respective Directors, officers or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, employees, agents, advisors, or Affiliates is a Sanctioned Person. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective Directors, officers and, to the
knowledge of any Credit Party, employees, agents, advisors and Affiliates is in compliance with all and has not violated any (i) Sanctions, (ii) Anti-Corruption and 

67 

Anti-Bribery Laws, or (iii) Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No part of the proceeds of any Credit Extension has or will be used, directly or indirectly, (A) for the
purpose of financing any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country, (B) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of
value to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws, or (C) otherwise in any manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws
by any Person. 

(b) The Company and its Subsidiaries have established and currently maintain policies, procedures and controls that are
designed (and otherwise comply with applicable law) to ensure that each of the Company, its Subsidiaries, and each Controlled Entity, and each of their respective Directors, officers, employees and agents, is and will continue to be in compliance
with all applicable current and future Sanctions, Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws. 

SECTION 5 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Each Credit Party covenants and agrees that until Payment in Full of all Obligations, each Credit Party shall perform, and shall cause each of
its Subsidiaries to perform, all covenants in this Section 5. 

5.1Financial Statements and Other Reports.
Unless otherwise provided below, the Company will deliver to Administrative Agent and Lenders: 

(a) Monthly Reports. Within
forty-five (45) days after the end of each month (including months that began prior to the Closing Date for which financial statements were not previously delivered commencing with the month ending November 30, 2023), the consolidated
balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such month and the related consolidated statements of income, consolidated statements of stockholders equity and consolidated statements of cash flows of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for such month and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such month, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal
Year, a Financial Officer Certification with respect thereto; 

(b) Quarterly Financial Statements. Within forty-five days after the
end of each Fiscal Quarter of each Fiscal Year (and within sixty days after the end of the fourth Fiscal Quarter of each Fiscal Year commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2023), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company
and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period from the beginning
of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year, together with a Financial Officer Certification
with respect thereto; 

68 

(c) Annual Financial Statements. Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the
end of each Fiscal Year (i) the consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the previous Fiscal Year, in reasonable detail, together with a Financial Officer Certification; and (ii) with respect to such
consolidated financial statements a report thereon of Grant Thornton, LLP or other independent certified public accountants of recognized regional or national standing selected by the Company, (which report and accompanying financial statements
shall be unqualified as to going concern and scope of audit and shall not contain an emphasis of matter paragraph or like statement, in each case, other than due to an Event of Default under or maturity of Indebtedness, and shall state that such
consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods
indicated in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years (except as otherwise disclosed in such financial statements) and that the examination by such accountants in connection with such consolidated financial statements has
been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards); 

(d) Compliance Certificate. Within 5 Business Days after the
end of each month, a duly executed Compliance Certificate from the Chief Financial Officer certifying as to compliance with the Minimum Consolidated Liquidity under Section 6.8 for each day during the immediately preceding month; 

(e) Reserved; 

(f)
Notice of Default. Promptly and in any event within three days after any officer of the Company obtaining knowledge (i) of any condition or event that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default or that notice has been given to the
Company with respect thereto; (ii) that any Person has given any notice to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or taken any other action with respect to any event or condition set forth in Section 8.1(b); or (iii) of the occurrence
of any event or change that has caused or evidences, either in any case or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, a certificate of an Authorized Officer specifying the nature and period of existence of such condition, event or change, or
specifying the notice given and action taken by any such Person and the nature of such claimed Event of Default, Default, event or condition, and what action Company has taken, is taking and proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(g) Notice of Adverse Proceedings. Promptly and in any event within five (5) Business Days after any officer of the Company
obtaining knowledge of (i) the institution of, or non-frivolous threat of, any Adverse Proceeding not previously disclosed in writing by Company to Lenders, or (ii) any development in any Adverse
Proceeding that, in the case of either clause (i) or (ii) if adversely determined, could be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates in
excess of $500,000, individually, or $1,000,000, in the aggregate for all such Adverse Proceedings or seeks to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated
hereby, written notice thereof together with such other information as may be reasonably available to the Company to enable Lenders and their counsel to evaluate such matters; 

69 

(h) ERISA and Employment Matters. (i) Within three Business Days after becoming
aware of the occurrence of or forthcoming occurrence of any ERISA Event, a written notice specifying the nature thereof, what action the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has taken, is taking or proposes to
take with respect thereto and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor or the PBGC with respect thereto; (ii) within three Business Days after the same is available to any Credit
Party, copies of (1) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates with the Internal Revenue Service with respect
to each Pension Plan; (2) all written notices received by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor concerning an ERISA Event; and (3) copies of such other documents
or governmental reports or filings relating to any Employee Benefit Plan as Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, and (iii) within three Business Days after any Credit Party sends notice of a plant closing or mass layoff (as defined in
WARN) to employees, copies of each such notice sent by such Credit Party; 

(i) Notice Regarding Material Contracts or Material
Indebtedness. Promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after (i)(A) any Material Contract of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is terminated or amended in a manner that is materially adverse to the Company or such
Subsidiary, as the case may be, or (B) any new Material Contract is entered into, or (ii) any officer of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries obtaining knowledge (A) of any condition or event that constitutes a default or an
event of default under any Material Contract, Related Agreement, or Material Indebtedness, (B) that any event, circumstance, or condition exists or has occurred that gives any counterparty to such Material Contract a termination or assignment
right thereunder, or (C) that notice has been given to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries asserting that any such condition or event has occurred, a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the applicable Credit Party specifying the
nature and period of existence of such condition or event and, in the case of clause (i), including copies of such material amendments or new contracts, delivered to Administrative Agent (to the extent such delivery is permitted by the terms of any
such Material Contract, provided, no such prohibition on delivery shall be effective if it were bargained for by the Company or its applicable Subsidiary with the intent of avoiding compliance with this Section 5.1(l)) and, in the case of
clause (ii), as applicable, explaining the nature of such claimed default or event of default, and including an explanation of any actions being taken or proposed to be taken by such Credit Party with respect thereto; 

(j) Environmental Reports and Audits. As soon as practicable and in any event within ten Business Days following receipt thereof,
copies of all environmental audits, reports, and notices with respect to Environmental Claims at any Facility or that relate to any Environmental Claims against the Company or its Subsidiaries that, in any such case, individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(k) Information Regarding Collateral.
(a) Company will furnish to Collateral Agent prior written notice of any change (i) in any Credit Partys corporate name, (ii) in any Credit Partys identity or corporate structure, (iii) in any Credit Partys
jurisdiction of organization, incorporation or formation, or (iv) in any Credit Partys Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or state organizational identification number. Company agrees not to effect or permit any change referred to in
the preceding sentence unless all filings have been made under the UCC or otherwise 

70 

that are required in order for Collateral Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected security interest in all the Collateral as contemplated in the
Collateral Documents. Company also agrees to promptly notify Collateral Agent if any material portion of the Collateral is lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed; 

(l) Annual Collateral Verification. Each year, at the time of delivery of annual financial statements with respect to the preceding
Fiscal Year pursuant to Section 5.1(c), Company shall deliver to Collateral Agent a certificate of an Authorized Officer either (A) confirming that there has been no change in such information since the date of the Collateral Questionnaire
delivered on the Closing Date or the date of the most recent certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 5.1(o) or (B) identifying such changes; 

(m) KYC Documentation. 

(i) Within ten days following the Administrative Agents or any Lenders request therefor after the Closing Date, all
documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. 

(ii) Within five days following the Administrative Agents or any Lenders request therefor after the Closing Date,
any Credit Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Credit Party or to the extent applicable, a certification that
there has been no change in facts which would render a previously delivered Beneficial Ownership Certification to be untrue, incomplete or misleading. 

(iii) Promptly following any change in the information provided in any Beneficial Ownership Certification by any Credit Party
delivered to Administrative Agent or any Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such Beneficial Ownership Certification, written notice of such change in the information provided in such Beneficial
Ownership Certification. 

(n) Other Information. (A) Within ten days of their becoming available and not contained in any
information or documents previously delivered to Administrative Agent, copies of (i) all financial statements, reports, notices and proxy statements sent or made available generally by the Company to its Security holders acting in such capacity
or by any Subsidiary of the Company to its Security holders acting in such capacity, (ii) all regular and periodic reports and all registration statements and prospectuses, if any, filed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with any
securities exchange or with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental Authority, (iii) all press releases and other statements made available generally by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the public concerning material
developments in the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (B) promptly after any request, such other information and data with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as from time to time may be reasonably requested
by Administrative Agent or any Lender. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in clauses (b), (c), and (n) of this Section 5.1 may be
satisfied with respect to financial information of the Company and the Subsidiaries by filing the Form 10-K,10-Q or 8-K, as
applicable, of the Company with the Securities Exchange Commission. 

71 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (b), (c), and (n) of this Section 5.1 may
be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the earliest date on which (i) any Credit Party posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Companys website and (ii) such
financial statements and/or other documents are posted on the Securities Exchange Commissions website on the internet at www.sec.gov; provided, that, (A) the Company shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent, continue to deliver
copies (which delivery may be by electronic transmission) of such documents to the Administrative Agent and (B) the Company shall notify (which notification may be by facsimile or electronic transmission) the Administrative Agent of the posting
of any such documents on any website described in this paragraph. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining
its copies of such documents. 

5.2Existence. Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.9, each Credit Party
will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence, good standing and all rights and franchises, licenses and permits material to its business; provided, no Credit Party
(other than Company with respect to its existence) or any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such existence, right or franchise, licenses and permits if such Persons Board of Directors shall determine that the preservation
thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to Lenders. 

5.3Payment of Taxes and Claims. Each Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay all Taxes imposed upon
it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income, businesses or franchises before any penalty or fine accrues thereon, and all claims (including claims for labor, services, materials and supplies) for sums that have become
due and payable and that by law have or may become a Lien upon any of its properties or assets, prior to the time when any penalty or fine shall be incurred with respect thereto, except to the extent that the failure to pay such Tax or claim could
not reasonably be expected to result in a liability in excess of $500,000, individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate; provided, no such Tax or claim need be paid if it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly
instituted and diligently conducted, so long as (a) adequate reserve or other appropriate provision, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made therefor, and (b) in the case of a Tax or claim that has or may become a
Lien against any of the Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such Tax or claim. 

5.4Maintenance of Properties. Each Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to
be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, all material properties used or useful in the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all
appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof; provided that nothing in this Section 5.4 shall prevent sales of property, consolidations or mergers by or involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with
Section 6.7 or Section 6.9. 

72 

5.5Insurance. The Company will maintain or cause to be maintained,
with financially sound and reputable insurers, (i) business interruption insurance and directors and officers insurance, and (ii) such casualty insurance, public liability insurance, third party property damage insurance with respect to
liabilities, losses or damage in respect of the assets, properties and businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case, as may customarily be carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged
in similar businesses, in each case in such amounts (giving effect to self-insurance), with such deductibles, covering such risks and otherwise on such terms and conditions as shall be customary for such
Persons. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will maintain or cause to be maintained flood insurance with respect to each Flood Hazard Property that is located in a community that participates in the National Flood Program,
in each case in compliance with any applicable regulations of the Board of Governors. Each such policy of insurance shall (i) in the case of each liability insurance policy, name Collateral Agent and its successors and assigns, for the benefit
of Secured Parties, as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear, (ii) in the case of each casualty insurance policy, contain a lender loss payable clause or endorsement, satisfactory in form and substance to the Requisite
Lenders, that names Collateral Agent and its successors and assigns, for the benefit of Secured Parties as the lender loss payee thereunder, and (iii) in each case, provide for at least thirty days prior written notice to Collateral Agent
of any modification or cancellation of such policy. 

5.6Books and Records; Inspections. Each Credit Party will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and accounts in which full, true, and correct entries in conformity in all material respects with GAAP shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and
activities. Each Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any authorized representatives designated by any Agent or any Lender to visit and inspect any of the properties of any Credit Party and any of its respective
Subsidiaries, to inspect, copy and take extracts from its and their financial and accounting records, and to discuss its and their affairs, finances and accounts with its and their officers, all upon reasonable notice and at such reasonable times
during normal business hours and as often as may reasonably be requested; provided that if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such visits and inspections shall be limited to once per year. 

5.7Lenders Meetings. The Company will, upon the request of Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the
Requisite Lenders) or any Lender, participate in a meeting of Administrative Agent and Lenders once per Fiscal Quarter to be held at Companys corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by Company and Administrative Agent
or, if agreed to by Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders, in their reasonable discretion), via a conference call or other teleconference) at such time as may be agreed to by Company and Administrative Agent (acting
upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders). 

5.8Compliance with Laws. Each Credit Party will comply in all material
respects, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply in all material respects with all Requirements of Law (it being understood, in the case of any laws, rules, regulations, and orders specifically referred to any other provision of this
Agreement, the Credit Parties shall also be required to represent and/or comply with, as applicable, the express terms of such provision), and (ii) all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws, and Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money
Laundering Laws in accordance with Section 4.26(a). Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain the policies and procedures described in Section 4.26(b). 

73 

5.9Environmental. 

(a) Environmental Disclosure. The Company will deliver to Administrative Agent and Lenders: 

(i) as soon as practicable following receipt thereof, copies of all environmental audits, investigations, analyses and written
reports of any kind or character, whether prepared by personnel of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by independent consultants, Governmental Authorities or any other Persons, with respect to significant environmental matters at any Facility
or with respect to any Environmental Claims; 

(ii) promptly upon the occurrence thereof, written notice describing in
reasonable detail (1) any Release required to be reported to any Governmental Authority under any applicable Environmental Laws, (2) any remedial action taken by the Company or any other Person in response to (A) any Hazardous
Materials Activities the existence of which has a reasonable possibility of resulting in one or more Environmental Claims having, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (B) any Environmental Claims that, individually or
in the aggregate, have a reasonable possibility of resulting in a Material Adverse Effect and (3) the Companys discovery of any occurrence or condition on any real property adjoining or in the vicinity of any Facility that could cause
such Facility or any part thereof to be subject to any material restrictions on the ownership, occupancy, transferability or use thereof under any Environmental Laws; 

(iii) as soon as practicable following the sending or receipt thereof by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a copy of any
and all written communications with respect to (1) any Environmental Claims that, individually or in the aggregate, have a reasonable probability of giving rise to a Material Adverse Effect, (2) any Release required to be reported to any
Governmental Authority, and (3) any request for information from any Governmental Authority that suggests such Governmental Authority is investigating whether the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may be potentially responsible for any
Hazardous Materials Activity; 

(iv) prompt written notice describing in reasonable detail (1) any proposed acquisition
of stock, assets, or property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to (A) expose the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, or result in, Environmental Claims that could reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (B) materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to maintain in full force and effect all material Governmental Authorizations required
under any Environmental Laws for their respective operations and (2) any proposed action to be taken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to modify current operations in a manner that could reasonably be expected to subject the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries to any additional material obligations or requirements under any Environmental Laws; and 

74 

(v) with reasonable promptness, such other documents and information as from
time to time may be reasonably requested by Administrative Agent in relation to any matters disclosed pursuant to this Section 5.9(a). 

(b) Hazardous Materials Activities, Etc. Each Credit Party shall promptly take, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries promptly to
take, any and all actions necessary to (i) cure any violation of applicable Environmental Laws by such Credit Party or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and
(ii) make an appropriate response to any Environmental Claim against such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and discharge any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder where failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.10Additional Guarantors. In the event that any Person
becomes a Material Subsidiary of any Credit Party, such Credit Party shall, within thirty (30) days (or at such later time as is approved by Collateral Agent (acting upon a Direction of Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion)) after such
Person becoming a Material Subsidiary, (a) cause such Material Subsidiary to become a Guarantor hereunder and a Grantor under the Pledge and Security Agreement (or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, the equivalent action under the
applicable Collateral Document) by executing and delivering to Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent a Counterpart Agreement or other applicable agreement, and (b) take all such actions and execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and
delivered, all such documents, instruments, agreements, and certificates as are reasonably requested by Collateral Agent in connection therewith, including such documents, instruments, agreements, and certificates as are similar to those described
in Sections 3.1(b), 3.1(e), 3.1(g), 3.1(h), 3.1(j), and 3.1(k). In addition, such Credit Party shall deliver, or cause such Subsidiary to deliver, as applicable, all such documents, instruments, agreements, and certificates as are reasonably
requested by Collateral Agent in order to grant and to perfect a First Priority Lien in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, in 100% of the Capital Stock of such Material Subsidiary under the Pledge and Security Agreement
(or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, the equivalent Collateral Document) (including, as applicable, original certificates evidencing such Capital Stock and related powers or instruments of transfer executed in blank, as applicable). With
respect to each such Material Subsidiary, Company shall send to Administrative Agent prior written notice setting forth with respect to such Person (i) the date on which such Person is intended to become a Material Subsidiary of Company, and
(ii) all of the data required to be set forth in Schedules 4.1 and 4.2 with respect to such Material Subsidiary; provided, such written notice shall be deemed to supplement Schedule 4.1 and 4.2 for all purposes hereof automatically
upon such Person becoming a Material Subsidiary. 

5.11 Additional Locations and Real Estate Assets. 

(a) Fee-Owned Real Estate Assets. In the event that any Credit Party owns or acquires a fee-owned Real Estate Asset not constituting Immaterial Fee-Owned Property and such interest has not otherwise been made subject to the Lien of the Collateral Documents in
favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, then such Credit Party shall promptly notify 

75 

Collateral Agent thereof, and on the same date as acquiring or leasing such fee-owned Real Estate Asset, shall take all such actions and execute and
deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all such Mortgaged Real Estate Documents with respect to each such fee-owned Real Estate Asset that Requisite Lenders shall reasonably request to create in favor
of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a valid and, subject to any filing and/or recording referred to herein, perfected First Priority Lien in such fee-owned Real Estate Asset. 

(b) Appraisals. In addition to the foregoing, Company shall, at the request of Collateral Agent (acting upon a Direction of the
Requisite Lenders), deliver, from time to time, to Collateral Agent such appraisals as are required by law or regulation of Real Estate Assets with respect to which Collateral Agent has been granted a Mortgage. 

(c) Other New Locations. In the event that any Credit Party leases a new location where Collateral with a value in excess of $500,000
is located, such Credit Party shall obtain a Landlord Collateral Access Agreement or a similar instrument executed by the relevant lessor or other counterparty in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to such
location within 30 days of entering into such lease or other arrangements; provided that, if such location contains Collateral with a value less than $1,500,000, such Credit Party shall be required only to use commercially reasonable efforts
to comply with the foregoing. 

5.12 Reserved. 

5.13Further Assurances. Each Credit Party will, at its expense, promptly execute, acknowledge and deliver such further
documents and do such other acts and things as are required or as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to effect fully the purposes of the Credit Documents or to perfect, achieve better perfection of, or renew the
rights of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral (or with respect to any additions thereto or replacements or proceeds thereof or with respect to any other property or assets hereafter acquired by the
Company or any Subsidiary that may be deemed to be part of the Collateral). In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each Credit Party shall take such actions as are required or as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may
reasonably request from time to time to ensure that the Obligations are guaranteed by the Guarantors and are secured by a First Priority Lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company, and its Subsidiaries and all of the outstanding Capital
Stock of each of its Subsidiaries. 

5.14 Reserved. 

5.15Post-Closing Matters. Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, as applicable, satisfy the
requirements set forth below on or before the respective date specified for each such requirement or such later date as is agreed to by Administrative Agent (acting upon a Direction of Requisite Lenders in its sole discretion). 

(a) Deposit Account Control Agreement. Within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to enter into Deposit Account Control Agreements with respect to all Deposit Accounts that do not constitute Excluded Accounts. 

76 

(b) Landlord Collateral Access Agreement. Within sixty (60) days after the
Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into a Landlord Collateral Access Agreement with respect to each of its Leasehold Properties. 

(c) Insurance Endorsements. Within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall deliver endorsements naming
Collateral Agent and its successors and assigns, for the benefit of Secured Parties, as additional insured and lender loss payable thereunder to the extent required under Section 5.5. 

(d) Foreign Guarantors. Within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall cause each Foreign Subsidiary that
is a Material Subsidiary, as of the Closing Date, to become a Guarantor hereunder and comply with the terms of Section 5.10. 

(e)
Foreign Intellectual Property. Within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall cause the security interests granted in each Credit Partys material foreign Trademarks, Patents and Copyrights to be recorded in
the applicable intellectual property registries.

(f) UCC-3 Terminations. Within
(one) (1) Business Day after the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall deliver evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that UCC-3 termination statements have been filed in respect of each of
the following original filing numbers (i) 2014068184, (ii) 2023 5211916, (iii) U230053548016, (iv) 2023 5211924 and (v) 2023 5211932. 

(g)Insignia Statements. The Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and Lenders copies of any material written
statements or notices received or delivered by the Company regarding the Insignia Deferred Proceeds within three (3) days of the Companys receipt or delivery, as applicable, of the
same.

SECTION 6 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Each Credit Party covenants and agrees that until Payment in Full of all Obligations, such Credit Party shall perform, and shall cause each of
its Subsidiaries to perform, all covenants in this Section 6. 

6.1Indebtedness. No Credit Party shall, nor
shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or guaranty, or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) the Obligations; 

(b)
Indebtedness of Company or any Guarantor to Company or to any other Guarantor, or of Company to any Guarantor or otherwise among the Credit Parties; provided, (i) all such Indebtedness shall be evidenced by the Intercompany Note and
Subordination, and shall be subject to a First Priority Lien pursuant to the Pledge and Security Agreement (or an equivalent Collateral Document governed by foreign law) and (ii) all such Indebtedness shall be unsecured and subordinated in
right of payment to the Payment in Full of all Obligations pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Note and Subordination; 

77 

(c) Permitted Junior Debt; provided that, after giving effect to the incurrence thereof, no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing; 

(d) 2026 Convertible Senior Notes; 

(e) Indebtedness incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries arising from agreements providing for customary indemnification or from
customary guaranties or letters of credit, surety bonds or performance bonds securing the performance of Company or any such Subsidiary pursuant to such agreements in connection with Permitted Acquisitions or permitted dispositions of any business,
assets or Subsidiary of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries not to exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 

(f)
Indebtedness that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any performance, surety, appeal or similar bonds or statutory obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, and guarantee obligations in respect of any such Indebtedness not to exceed
$500,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; provided that such cap shall not apply to any such bonds or statutory obligations in accordance with Requirements of Law; 

(g) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and other services provided in connection with deposit accounts in the
ordinary course of business; 

(h) Indebtedness existing as of the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 6.1 but not any extensions, renewals
or replacements of such Indebtedness except (i) renewals and extensions expressly provided for in the agreements evidencing any such Indebtedness as the same are in effect on the date of this Agreement, and (ii) refinancings and extensions
of any such Indebtedness if the terms and conditions thereof are not less favorable to the obligor thereon or to the Lenders than the Indebtedness being refinanced or extended, and the average life to maturity thereof is greater than or equal to
that of the Indebtedness being refinanced or extended; provided, such Indebtedness permitted under the immediately preceding clause (i) or (ii) above shall not (A) include Indebtedness of an obligor that was not an obligor with
respect to the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced, (B) exceed in a principal amount the Indebtedness being renewed, extended or refinanced, or (C) be incurred, created or assumed if any Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom; 

(i) guaranties by the Company of Indebtedness of a Guarantor or guaranties by a
Subsidiary of the Company of Indebtedness of the Company or a Guarantor with respect, in each case, to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.1; provided, that if the Indebtedness that is being guaranteed is
unsecured and/or subordinate to the Obligations (in payment or Lien priority), then such guaranties shall also be unsecured and/or subordinated to the Obligations to the same extent as such guaranteed Indebtedness; 

(j) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default hereunder; 

(k) Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time $2,000,000 consisting of (x) Capital Lease Obligations and
(y) other purchase money Indebtedness, in each case incurred simultaneously with, prior to or within 180 days after the acquisition of assets in connection therewith; provided, in the case of clause (x), that any such Indebtedness shall
be secured only by the asset subject to such Capital Lease, and, in the case of clause (y), that any such Indebtedness shall be secured only by the asset acquired in connection with the incurrence of such Indebtedness; 

78 

(l) obligations under Hedge Agreements that are not for speculative purposes and are
approved by a Direction of the Requisite Lenders; 

(m) letters of credit incurred in the ordinary course of business securing the
performance of operating leases or payor contracts not to exceed, in the aggregate at any time outstanding, $2,000,000; 

(n) Indebtedness
in respect of corporate credit cards in an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 at any time outstanding; 

(o) Earnouts constituting
Subordinated Indebtedness in connection with Permitted Acquisitions; and 

(p) other Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries not
to exceed an aggregate principal amount equal to $2,000,000 at any time outstanding; provided that secured Indebtedness for borrowed money shall not exceed an aggregate principal amount equal to $1,000,000 at any time outstanding. 

6.2Liens. No Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur,
assume or permit to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property or asset of any kind (including any document or instrument in respect of goods or accounts receivable) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, leased (as lessee), or licensed (as licensee), or any income, profits, or royalties therefrom, or file or permit the filing of, or permit to remain in effect, any financing statement or other similar notice of any Lien with respect to any
such property, asset, income, profits, or royalties under the UCC of any State or under any similar recording or notice statute or under any applicable intellectual property laws, rules or procedures, except: 

(a) Liens in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties granted pursuant to any Credit Document; 

(b) Liens for Taxes if obligations with respect to such Taxes are not yet due or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
promptly instituted and diligently conducted and adequate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP so long as the aggregate amount of such Taxes does not exceed $500,000 at any time outstanding; 

(c) statutory Liens of landlords, banks (and rights of set-off), of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics,
repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens imposed by law (other than any such Lien imposed pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA or a violation of Section 436 of the Internal Revenue Code), in each case
incurred in the ordinary course of business (i) for amounts not yet overdue, or (ii) for amounts that are overdue and that (in the case of any such amounts overdue for a period in excess of five days) are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings, so long as such reserves or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made for any such contested amounts; 

79 

(d) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers
compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security, or to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money or other Indebtedness), so long as no foreclosure, sale or
similar proceedings have been commenced with respect to any portion of the Collateral on account thereof not to exceed $500,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 

(e) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, and
other minor defects or irregularities in title, in each case that do not and will not interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and that, in the aggregate for any parcel of
real property subject thereto, do not materially detract from the value of such parcel 

(f) any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor
under any lease of real estate permitted hereunder; 

(g) Liens solely on any customary cash earnest money deposits made by Company or any
of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder; 

(h) purported Liens evidenced by
the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements relating solely to operating leases of personal property entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the
importation of goods; 

(j) any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any governmental office or agency to control or
regulate the use of any real property; 

(k) non-exclusive outbound licenses of patents,
copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights granted by Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any respect with the ordinary conduct of or materially detracting from the value of
the business of Company or such Subsidiary; 

(l) Liens described in Schedule 6.2; 

(m) Liens securing purchase money Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.1(j); provided, any such Lien shall encumber only
the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness; 

(n) Liens securing Permitted Junior Debt; 

80 

(o) Liens arising out of judgments, attachments or awards not resulting in an Event of
Default and in respect of which the Company or any applicable Subsidiary shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review in respect of which there shall be secured a subsisting stay of execution pending such appeal or
proceedings and, in the case of any such Lien which has or may become a Lien against any of the Collateral; 

(p) Liens on cash collateral
securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.1(n) (not in excess of 105% of the principal amount thereof); and 

(q) other Liens on
assets that secures Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding. 

Notwithstanding anything in
this Section 6.2 to the contrary, in no event shall any obligations of any Credit Party under any Hedge Agreement be secured by any Lien. 

6.3Equitable Lien. If any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall create or assume any Lien upon any of its
properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than Permitted Liens, it shall make or cause to be made effective provisions whereby the Obligations will be secured by such Lien equally and ratably with any and all other
Indebtedness secured thereby as long as any such Indebtedness shall be so secured; provided, notwithstanding the foregoing, this covenant shall not be construed as a consent by Requisite Lenders to the creation or assumption of any such Lien
not otherwise permitted hereby. 

6.4No Further Negative Pledges. Except with respect to (a) specific property
encumbered to secure payment of particular Indebtedness or to be sold pursuant to an executed agreement with respect to a permitted Asset Sale and (b) restrictions by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other
transfers contained in leases, licenses and similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets secured by such Liens or the property or assets subject to such
leases, licenses or similar agreements, as the case may be) no Credit Party shall enter into or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into any agreement prohibiting, or triggering any requirement for equitable and ratable sharing of Liens or any
similar obligations upon, the creation or assumption of any Lien upon any Credit Partys properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure the Obligations. 

6.5Restricted Junior Payments. No Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates through
any manner or means or through any other Person to, directly or indirectly, declare, order, pay, make or set apart, or agree to declare, order, pay, make or set apart, any sum for any Restricted Junior Payment except that: 

(a) Any Subsidiary of Company may declare and pay dividends or make other distributions to Company or any other Subsidiary of Company; provided
that, distributions to a Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor shall constitute a permitted Investment pursuant to Section 6.7(o) (other than any intermediate transfer via a non-Guarantor that is
substantially concurrently distributed to the Company or another Guarantor); 

(b) Any Credit Party may make payments in respect of any
Permitted Junior Debt in accordance with any applicable Subordination Agreement; 

81 

(c) The Company may make (i) all mandatory or scheduled payments pursuant to the terms
of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes and (ii) other repurchases of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes; provided that the aggregate purchase price made pursuant to clause (ii) shall not exceed an amount equal to (x) the proceeds
of Permitted Junior Debt issued by the Company after the Closing Date, (y) proceeds of any issuance of Capital Stock by the Company after the Closing Date and (z) any Net Asset Sale Proceeds not required by Section 2.13(a) to be
applied to prepay the Loans; provided that (1) in each case in clause (ii) the Company shall be in pro forma compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 6.8 hereof and no Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing
before or after giving effect to such Restricted Junior Payment, and (2) in the case of clause (ii)(z) the aggregate purchase price shall not exceed $20,000,000 during the term of this Agreement; provided, further that, the Company may
make repurchases pursuant to the foregoing clause (ii)(z) in an unlimited amount on any date in which the Term Loans outstanding under this Agreement do not exceed $20,000,000 in the aggregate; 

(d) Any Credit Party may make payments to the Company to permit the Company, and the subsequent use of such payments by the Company, to
repurchase or redeem Capital Stock of the Company held by officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates or beneficiaries under their estates) of a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, upon their death, disability, retirement,
severance or termination of employment or service; provided that at the time of such Restricted Junior Payment and after giving effect thereto, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall exist or would result therefrom, (ii) after
giving effect to such Restricted Junior Payment, on a pro forma basis, the Credit Parties are in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 6.8 hereof and (iii) the aggregate Restricted Junior Payments permitted under this
Section 6.5(d) in any Fiscal Year shall not exceed $500,000 and during the term of this Agreement shall not exceed $2,500,000; and 

(e) The Company may make payments pursuant to the terms of the Related Agreements; 

(f) Any Credit Party may make payments to its direct or indirect equityholders to enable such equityholders to pay any applicable income, or
franchise or similar Taxes then due and payable, to the extent such Taxes are attributable to the activities or income of the Company and its Subsidiaries or such equityholders ownership of equity interests therein; and 

(g) Any Credit Party may make payments in respect of any earn out obligations or seller financing indebtedness in accordance with any
applicable Subordination Agreement; provided that, at the time of such Restricted Junior Payment and after giving effect thereto, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall exist or would result therefrom and (ii) after giving effect
to such Restricted Junior Payment, on a pro forma basis, the Credit Parties are in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 6.8 hereof. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6.5 to the contrary, in no event shall any Restricted Junior Payment made pursuant to clauses (b) through
(d) of this Section 6.5 be made in any form other than Cash and/or shares of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock). 

82 

6.6Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions. No Credit Party shall,
nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Subsidiary of Company to (a) pay dividends or make any
other distributions on any of such Subsidiarys Capital Stock owned by Company or any other Subsidiary of Company, (b) repay or prepay any Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary to Company or any other Subsidiary of Company, (c) make
loans or advances to Company or any other Subsidiary of Company, or (d) transfer any of its property or assets to Company or any other Subsidiary of Company, in each case, other than restrictions (i) in the Credit Documents, (ii) in
agreements evidencing purchase money Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1(j) that impose restrictions on the property so acquired, (iii) by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers contained in
leases, licenses, joint venture agreements and similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) that are or were created by virtue of any transfer of, agreement to transfer or option or right with respect to any
property, assets or Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement. 

6.7Investments. No Credit Party
shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make any Acquisition or make or own any Investment (including if made as an Acquisition) in any Person, including any Joint Venture, except: 

(a) Investments in Cash and Cash Equivalents; 

(b) equity Investments owned as of the Closing Date in any Subsidiary and Investments made after the Closing Date in Company or any Wholly-Owned Guarantor Subsidiaries of Company; 

(c) Investments (i) in any Securities voluntarily
accepted in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors, and (ii) deposits, prepayments and other credits to suppliers made in the ordinary course of business consistent with the past practices of the
Company and its Subsidiaries; 

(d) intercompany loans to the extent permitted under Section 6.1; 

(e) Investments in Company or any of its Guarantor Subsidiaries; 

(f) loans and advances to directors, officers, and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) made in the ordinary course of
business and described on Schedule 6.7, and (ii) any refinancings of such loans after the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $150,000 at any time outstanding; 

(g) Permitted Acquisitions; 

(h) Investments existing on the Closing Date and described in Schedule 6.7; 

(i) Hedge Agreements permitted under Section 6.1(k) to the extent constituting Investments; 

(j) leases of real or personal property in the ordinary course of business and in 

83 

(k) guarantees by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary constituting Indebtedness permitted by
Section 6.1; provided, any such guarantee shall be subordinated to the Obligations to the same extent and on the same terms and conditions as the Indebtedness guaranteed has been subordinated to the Obligations; 

(l) guarantees in the ordinary course of business of obligations owed to landlords, suppliers, customers and licensees of any Credit Party;

(m) Investments consisting of earnest money deposits required in connection with a Permitted Acquisition; 

(n) Investments received in connection with dispositions of assets to the extent permitted by Section 6.9 and Restricted Junior Payments
to the extent permitted by Section 6.5; 

(o) cash Investments in Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors in an amount not to exceed
amounts necessary to cover operating expenses of such Subsidiaries for up to the next six months in the ordinary course of business; provided that the aggregate cash held by such Subsidiaries shall not exceed $3,000,000 at any time; and 

(p) other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,000,000 during the term of this Agreement; provided that Investments not paid in
the form of Cash or Cash Equivalents or Capital Stock shall not exceed $250,000 during the term of this Agreement. 

Notwithstanding anything in this
Section 6.7 to the contrary, (A) in no event shall any Credit Party make any Investment that results in or facilitates in any manner any Restricted Junior Payment not otherwise permitted under the terms of Section 6.5, and (B) in
no event shall the aggregate Investments made by Credit Parties in any Joint Venture exceed an amount equal to $500,000 for all such Investments during the term of this Agreement. 

6.8Minimum Consolidated Liquidity. The Company shall not permit Consolidated Liquidity at any time to be less than, (a) from and after the First Amendment Effective Date through June 16, 2025, $10,000,000, and (b) at all
other times, $15,000,000. 

6.9Fundamental Changes; Disposition of
Assets. No Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation(including through a plan of division), or liquidate,
wind-up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), consummate any Asset Sale, or Dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or any part of its business, assets or
property of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, leased (as lessee), or licensed (as licensee), except: 

(a) any Subsidiary of Company may be merged with or into Company or any Guarantor, or be liquidated, wound up or dissolved, or all or any part
of its business, property or assets may be conveyed, sold, leased, transferred or otherwise disposed of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, to Company or any Guarantor; provided, in the case of such a merger involving Company,
Company shall be the continuing or surviving Person, and in the case of any other such merger, a Wholly-Owned Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person; 

84 

(b) sales or other dispositions of assets that do not constitute Asset Sales; 

(c) Asset Sales, to the extent (1) the proceeds received for such assets shall be in an amount at least equal to the fair market value
thereof (determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of Company), (2) no less than 75% (or 65% in the case of a transaction with an earnout, the value of which shall be determined in accordance with GAAP) thereof shall consist of Cash paid
upon the closing of each applicable Asset Sale, and (3) the Net Asset Sale Proceeds thereof shall be applied to the extent required by Section 2.13(a); and 

(d) disposals of used, surplus, obsolete or worn-out property and the abandonment or other disposition
of Intellectual Property that is, in the reasonable judgment of such Credit Party, no longer economically practicable to maintain or no longer useful in the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Credit Documents, no Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, consummate any Division (as defined in Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act) or similar organizational change that may hereafter be permitted under any
applicable statute. 

6.10Disposal of Subsidiary Interests. Except for any sale of all of its interests in the
Capital Stock of any of its Subsidiaries in compliance with the provisions of Section 6.9, no Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, sell, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber or dispose of
any Capital Stock of any of its Subsidiaries, except to another Credit Party (subject to the restrictions on such disposition otherwise imposed hereunder), or to qualify Directors if required by applicable law. 

6.11Sales and Lease-Backs. No Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, become or remain liable as lessee or as a guarantor or other surety with respect to any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, that such
Credit Party (a) has sold or transferred or is to sell or to transfer to any other Person (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), or (b) intends to use for substantially the same purpose as any other property that has been or
is to be sold or transferred by such Credit Party to any Person (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) in connection with such lease. 

6.12Transactions with Shareholders and Affiliates. No Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
directly or indirectly, enter into or permit to exist any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) with any holder of 5% or more of any class of Capital Stock of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries (or any Affiliate of such holder) or with any Affiliate of the Company or of any such holder; provided, however, that the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries may enter into or permit to exist any such transaction if both
(i) the independent members of the Board of Directors of the Company have consented thereto, and (ii) the terms of such transaction are not less favorable to the Company or that Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that might be
obtained at the time from a Person who is not such a holder or Affiliate; further; provided, that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to (a) any transaction among Company and any Wholly-Owned Guarantor or any of them; (b) reasonable
and customary fees paid to members of the Board of Directors of the 

85 

Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (c) reasonable and customary reimbursement and compensation arrangements for officers and other employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
entered into in the ordinary course of business; (d) transactions described in Schedule 6.12; and (e) the issuance of the Warrants and the exercise of any and all related rights by the holder in connection therewith. Company shall disclose
in writing each transaction with any holder of 5% or more of any class of Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or with any Affiliate of the Company or of any such holder to Administrative Agent. 

6.13Conduct of Business. From and after the Closing Date, no Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, engage in (i) any business other than (A) the businesses engaged in by such Credit Party on the Closing Date and business ancillary, incidental, or substantially related thereto, and (B) such other lines of business
as may be acceptable to Requisite Lenders, or (ii) any business or activities that conflict with Section 4.26(a). 

6.14
Reserved. 

6.15Reserved. 

6.16Amendments or Waivers with Respect to Certain Indebtedness. Except to the extent expressly permitted under the terms of the
corresponding Subordination Agreement, no Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, amend or otherwise change the terms of any Subordinated Indebtedness or make any payment consistent with an amendment thereof or change
thereto, if the effect of such amendment or change is to increase the interest rate on such Indebtedness, increase the principal amount thereof, change (to earlier dates) any dates upon which payments of principal or interest are due thereon, change
any event of default or condition to an event of default with respect thereto (other than to eliminate any such event of default or increase any grace period related thereto), change the redemption, prepayment or defeasance provisions thereof,
change the subordination provisions thereof (or of any guaranty thereof), or if the effect of such amendment or change, together with all other amendments or changes made, is to increase materially the obligations of the obligor thereunder or to
confer any additional rights on the holders thereof (or a trustee or other representative on their behalf) that would be adverse to any Credit Party, the Agents or any Lender. 

6.17Fiscal Year; Accounting Policies. No Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to change its
Fiscal Year-end from December 31 or make any change in its accounting policies that is not required under GAAP. 

6.18Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts. No Credit Party will establish or maintain a Deposit Account or a
Securities Account that is not a Controlled Account, deposit any funds or proceeds in a Deposit Account that is not a Controlled Account or deposit, acquire, or otherwise carry any security entitlement or commodity contract in a Securities Account
that is not a Controlled Account; provided, that, the foregoing shall not apply to Excluded Accounts. 

6.19Amendments to
Certain Documents and Agreements. No Credit Party shall (a) amend or permit any amendments to any Credit Partys or any of its Subsidiaries Organizational Documents; or (b) amend, terminate, or waive or permit any amendment,
termination, or waiver of any provision of, any Material Contract, or Material Indebtedness if in the case of clause (a) or (b) such amendment, termination, or waiver would be adverse to Administrative Agent or the Lenders. 

86 

6.20Use of Proceeds. No Credit Party shall use the proceeds of any Term Loans
except as set forth in Section 2.5. 

SECTION 7 GUARANTY 

7.1Guaranty of the Obligations. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.2 and any limitations set forth in the
definition of the term Guarantor, Guarantors jointly and severally hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guaranty to Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of Beneficiaries the due and punctual Payment in Full of all Obligations when the same
shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy
Code, 11 U.S.C. 362(a)) (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations). 

7.2Contribution by Guarantors. All Guarantors desire to allocate among themselves (collectively, the Contributing Guarantors), in a fair and equitable manner, their obligations arising under this Guaranty.
Accordingly, in the event any payment or distribution is made on any date by a Guarantor (a Funding Guarantor) under this Guaranty such that its Aggregate Payments exceeds its Fair Share as of such date, such Funding
Guarantor shall be entitled to a contribution from each of the other Contributing Guarantors in an amount sufficient to cause each Contributing Guarantors Aggregate Payments to equal its Fair Share as of such date. Fair
Share means, with respect to a Contributing Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the ratio of (i) the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to such Contributing Guarantor, to
(ii) the aggregate of the Fair Share Contribution Amounts with respect to all Contributing Guarantors multiplied by, (b) the aggregate amount paid or distributed on or before such date by all Funding Guarantors under this Guaranty in
respect of the obligations Guaranteed. Fair Share Contribution Amount means, with respect to a Contributing Guarantor as of any date of determination, the maximum aggregate amount of the obligations of such
Contributing Guarantor under this Guaranty that would not render its obligations hereunder or thereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any comparable
applicable provisions of state law; provided, solely for purposes of calculating the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to any Contributing Guarantor for purposes of this Section 7.2, any assets or liabilities of
such Contributing Guarantor arising by virtue of any rights to subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification or any rights to or obligations of contribution hereunder shall not be considered as assets or liabilities of such Contributing Guarantor.
Aggregate Payments means, with respect to a Contributing Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (1) the aggregate amount of all payments and distributions made on or before such date by
such Contributing Guarantor in respect of this Guaranty (including in respect of this Section 7.2), minus (2) the aggregate amount of all payments received on or before such date by such Contributing Guarantor from the other Contributing
Guarantors as contributions under this Section 7.2. The amounts payable as contributions hereunder shall be determined as of the date on which the related payment or distribution is made by the applicable Funding Guarantor. The allocation among
Contributing Guarantors of their obligations as set forth in this Section 7.2 shall not be construed in any way to limit the liability of any Contributing Guarantor hereunder. Each Guarantor is a third party beneficiary to the contribution
agreement set forth in this Section 7.2. 

87 

7.3Payment by Guarantors. Subject to Section 7.2, Guarantors
hereby jointly and severally agree, in furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right that any Beneficiary may have at law or in equity against any Guarantor by virtue hereof, that upon the failure of Company to pay any of the
Guaranteed Obligations when and as the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic stay
under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 362(a)), Guarantors will pay, or cause to be paid, in Cash, to Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of Beneficiaries, an amount equal to the sum of the unpaid
principal amount of all Guaranteed Obligations then due as aforesaid, accrued and unpaid interest on such Guaranteed Obligations (including interest that, but for Companys becoming the subject of a case under the Bankruptcy Code, would have
accrued on such Guaranteed Obligations, whether or not a claim is allowed against Company for such interest in the related bankruptcy case) and all other Guaranteed Obligations then owed to Beneficiaries as aforesaid. 

7.4Liability of Guarantors Absolute. Each Guarantor agrees that its obligations hereunder are irrevocable, absolute,
independent and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance that constitutes a legal or equitable discharge of a guarantor or surety other than Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations. In furtherance of the foregoing and
without limiting the generality thereof, each Guarantor agrees as follows: 

(a) this Guaranty is a guaranty of payment when due and not of
collectability. This Guaranty is a primary obligation of each Guarantor and not merely a contract of surety; 

(b) Administrative Agent may
enforce this Guaranty upon the occurrence of an Event of Default notwithstanding the existence of any dispute between Company and any Beneficiary with respect to the existence of such Event of Default; 

(c) the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are independent of the obligations of Company and the obligations of any other guarantor
(including any other Guarantor) of the obligations of Company, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against such Guarantor whether or not any action is brought against Company or any of such other guarantors and whether or
not Company is joined in any such action or actions; 

(d) payment by any Guarantor of a portion, but not all, of the Guaranteed
Obligations shall in no way limit, affect, modify or abridge any Guarantors liability for any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations that has not been paid. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if Administrative Agent is awarded a
judgment in any suit brought to enforce any Guarantors covenant to pay a portion of the Guaranteed Obligations, such judgment shall not be deemed to release such Guarantor from its covenant to pay the portion of the Guaranteed Obligations that
is not the subject of such suit, and such judgment shall not, except to the extent satisfied by such Guarantor, limit, affect, modify or abridge any other Guarantors liability hereunder in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations; 

88 

(e) any Beneficiary, upon such terms as it deems appropriate, without notice or demand and
without affecting the validity or enforceability hereof or giving rise to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination of any Guarantors liability hereunder, from time to time may (i) renew, extend, accelerate, increase
the rate of interest on, or otherwise change the time, place, manner or terms of payment of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) settle, compromise, release or discharge, or accept or refuse any offer of performance with respect to, or
substitutions for, the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement relating thereto and/or subordinate the payment of the same to the payment of any other obligations; (iii) request and accept other guaranties of the Guaranteed Obligations and take
and hold security for the payment hereof or the Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) release, surrender, exchange, substitute, compromise, settle, rescind, waive, alter, subordinate or modify, with or without consideration, any security for payment of
the Guaranteed Obligations, any other guaranties of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other obligation of any Person (including any other Guarantor) with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations; (v) enforce and apply any security now or
hereafter held by or for the benefit of such Beneficiary in respect hereof or the Guaranteed Obligations and direct the order or manner of sale thereof, or exercise any other right or remedy that such Beneficiary may have against any such security,
in each case as such Beneficiary in its discretion may determine consistent herewith and any applicable security agreement, including foreclosure on any such security pursuant to one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, whether or not every aspect
of any such sale is commercially reasonable, and even though such action operates to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Guarantor against any other Credit Party or any security for the
Guaranteed Obligations; and (vi) exercise any other rights available to it under the Credit Documents; and 

(f) this Guaranty and the
obligations of Guarantors hereunder shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination for any reason (other than Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations), including the
occurrence of any of the following, whether or not any Guarantor shall have had notice or knowledge of any of them: (i) any failure or omission to assert or enforce or agreement or election not to assert or enforce, or the stay or enjoining, by
order of court, by operation of law or otherwise, of the exercise or enforcement of, any claim or demand or any right, power or remedy (whether arising under the Credit Documents at law, in equity or otherwise) with respect to the Guaranteed
Obligations or any agreement relating thereto, or with respect to any other guaranty of or security for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any consent to depart from, any of
the terms or provisions (including provisions relating to events of default) hereof, any of the other Credit Documents or any agreement or instrument executed pursuant thereto, or of any other guaranty or security for the Guaranteed Obligations, in
each case whether or not in accordance with the terms hereof or such Credit Document or any agreement relating to such other guaranty or security; (iii) the Guaranteed Obligations, or any agreement relating thereto, at any time being found to
be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect; (iv) the application of payments received from any source (other than payments received pursuant to the other Credit Documents or from the proceeds of any security for the Guaranteed
Obligations, except to the extent such security also serves as collateral for indebtedness other than the Guaranteed Obligations) to the payment of indebtedness other than the Guaranteed Obligations, even though any Beneficiary might have elected to
apply such payment to any part or all of the Guaranteed Obligations; (v) any Beneficiarys consent to the change, reorganization or termination of the corporate structure or existence of the Company or

89 

any of its Subsidiaries and to any corresponding restructuring of the Guaranteed Obligations; (vi) any failure to perfect or continue perfection of a security interest in any collateral that
secures any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (vii) any defenses, set-offs or counterclaims that Company may allege or assert against any Beneficiary in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including
failure of consideration, breach of warranty, payment, statute of frauds, statute of limitations, accord and satisfaction and usury; and (viii) any other act or thing or omission, or delay to do any other act or thing, that may or might in any
manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Guarantor as an obligor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

7.5Waivers by
Guarantors. Each Guarantor hereby waives, for the benefit of Beneficiaries: (a) any right to require any Beneficiary, as a condition of payment or performance by such Guarantor, to (i) proceed against Company, any other
guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Person, (ii) proceed against or exhaust any security held from Company, any such other guarantor or any other Person, (iii) proceed against or have resort
to any balance of any Deposit Account or credit on the books of any Beneficiary in favor of Company or any other Person, or (iv) pursue any other remedy in the power of any Beneficiary whatsoever; (b) any defense arising by reason of the
incapacity, lack of authority or any disability or other defense of Company or any other Guarantor including any defense based on or arising out of the lack of validity or the unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement or
instrument relating thereto or by reason of the cessation of the liability of Company or any other Guarantor from any cause other than Payment in Full of all Obligations; (c) any defense based upon any statute or rule of law that provides that
the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; (d) any defense based upon any Beneficiarys errors or omissions in the administration of the Guaranteed
Obligations, except behavior that amounts to bad faith; (e) (i) any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, that are or might be in conflict with the terms hereof and any legal or equitable discharge of such Guarantors
obligations hereunder, (ii) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Guarantors liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof, (iii) any rights to set-offs, recoupments and
counterclaims, and (iv) promptness, diligence and any requirement that any Beneficiary protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto; (f) notices, demands, presentments, protests, notices
of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of any action or inaction, including acceptance hereof, notices of default hereunder, or any agreement or instrument related thereto, notices of any renewal, extension or modification of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any agreement related thereto, notices of any extension of credit to Company and notices of any of the matters referred to in Section 7.4 and any right to consent to any thereof; and (g) any defenses or benefits that may be
derived from or afforded by law that limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or that may conflict with the terms hereof. 

7.6Guarantors Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc. Until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been
Paid in Full, each Guarantor hereby waives any claim, right or remedy, direct or indirect, that such Guarantor now has or may hereafter have against Company or any other Guarantor or any of its assets in connection with this Guaranty or the
performance by such Guarantor of its obligations hereunder, in each case whether such claim, right or remedy arises in equity, under contract, by statute, under common law or otherwise and including (a) any right of subrogation, reimbursement
or indemnification that such Guarantor now has or may hereafter have against any other Credit Party with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations, (b) any right to enforce, 

90 

or to participate in, any claim, right or remedy that any Beneficiary now has or may hereafter have against any other Credit Party, and (c) any benefit of, and any right to participate in,
any collateral or security now or hereafter held by any Beneficiary. In addition, until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, each Guarantor shall withhold exercise of any right of contribution such Guarantor may have against any
other guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the Guaranteed Obligations, including any such right of contribution as contemplated by Section 7.2. Each Guarantor further agrees that, to the extent the waiver or agreement to withhold the
exercise of its rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification and contribution as set forth herein is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void or voidable for any reason, any rights of subrogation, reimbursement or
indemnification such Guarantor may have against Company or against any collateral or security, and any rights of contribution such Guarantor may have against any such other guarantor, shall be junior and subordinate to any rights any Beneficiary may
have against any Credit Party, to all right, title and interest any Beneficiary may have in any such collateral or security, and to any right any Beneficiary may have against such other guarantor. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on
account of any such subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification or contribution rights at any time when all Guaranteed Obligations shall not have been Paid in Full, such amount shall be held in trust for Administrative Agent for the benefit of
Beneficiaries and shall forthwith be paid over to Administrative Agent for the benefit of Beneficiaries to be credited and applied against the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms hereof. 

7.7Subordination of Other Obligations. Any Indebtedness of Company or any Guarantor now or hereafter held by any Guarantor (the
Obligee Guarantor) is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the Guaranteed Obligations, and any Distribution collected or received by the Obligee Guarantor after an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing shall be held in trust for Administrative Agent for the benefit of Beneficiaries and shall forthwith be paid over to Administrative Agent for the benefit of Beneficiaries to be credited and applied against the Guaranteed Obligations but
without affecting, impairing or limiting in any manner the liability of the Obligee Guarantor under any other provision hereof. For purposes of this Section 7.7, Distribution means, with respect to any Indebtedness
subordinated pursuant to this Section 7.7, (a) any payment or distribution by any Person of cash, securities or other property, by set-off or otherwise, on account of such Indebtedness, (b) any
redemption of or purchase or other acquisition of such Indebtedness from the Obligee Guarantor by any other Person, and (c) the granting of any lien or security interest to or for the benefit of the Obligee Guarantor or any other Person in or
upon any property of any Person to secure such Indebtedness. 

7.8Continuing Guaranty. This Guaranty is a continuing
guaranty and shall remain in effect until all of the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been Paid in Full. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Guaranty as to future transactions giving rise to any Guaranteed Obligations.

7.9Authority of Guarantors or Company. It is not necessary for any Beneficiary to inquire into the capacity or powers of
any Guarantor or Company or the officers, Directors or any agents acting or purporting to act on behalf of any of them. 

91 

7.10Financial Condition of Company. Any Credit Extension may be made to
Company or continued from time to time without notice to or authorization from any Guarantor regardless of the financial or other condition of Company at the time of any such grant or continuation. No Beneficiary shall have any obligation to
disclose or discuss with any Guarantor its assessment, or any Guarantors assessment, of the financial condition of Company. Each Guarantor has adequate means to obtain information from Company on a continuing basis concerning the financial
condition of Company and its ability to perform its obligations under the Credit Documents, and each Guarantor assumes the responsibility for being and keeping informed of the financial condition of Company and of all circumstances bearing upon the
risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor hereby waives and relinquishes any duty on the part of any Beneficiary to disclose any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, operations or conditions of Company now known or
hereafter known by any Beneficiary. 

7.11Bankruptcy, Etc. 

(a) So long as any Guaranteed Obligations remain outstanding, no Guarantor shall, without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent
acting pursuant to a Direction of the Requisite Lenders, commence or join with any other Person in commencing any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency case or proceeding of or against Company or any other Guarantor. The obligations of Guarantors
hereunder shall not be reduced, limited, impaired, discharged, deferred, suspended or terminated by any case or proceeding, voluntary or involuntary, involving the bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization, liquidation or arrangement of
Company or any other Guarantor or by any defense that Company or any other Guarantor may have by reason of the order, decree or decision of any court or administrative body resulting from any such proceeding. 

(b) Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that any interest on any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations that accrues after the commencement
of any case or proceeding referred to in clause (a) above (or, if interest on any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations ceases to accrue by operation of law by reason of the commencement of such case or proceeding, such interest as would have
accrued on such portion of the Guaranteed Obligations if such case or proceeding had not been commenced) shall be included in the Guaranteed Obligations because it is the intention of Guarantors and Beneficiaries that the Guaranteed Obligations that
are guaranteed by Guarantors pursuant hereto should be determined without regard to any rule of law or order that may relieve any Credit Party of any portion of such Guaranteed Obligations. Guarantors will permit any trustee in bankruptcy, receiver,
debtor in possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person to pay Administrative Agent, or allow the claim of Administrative Agent in respect of, any such interest accruing after the date on which such case or proceeding is
commenced. 

(c) In the event that all or any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations are paid by any Credit Party, the obligations of
Guarantors hereunder shall continue and remain in full force and effect or be reinstated, as the case may be, in the event that all or any part of such payment(s) are rescinded or recovered directly or indirectly from any Beneficiary as a
preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise, and any such payments that are so rescinded or recovered shall constitute Guaranteed Obligations for all purposes hereunder. 

92 

7.12Discharge of Guaranty Upon Sale of Guarantor. If all of the
Capital Stock of any Guarantor or any of its successors in interest hereunder shall be sold or otherwise disposed of (including by merger or consolidation) in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, the Guaranty of such Guarantor or such
successor in interest, as the case may be, hereunder shall automatically be discharged and released without any further action by any Beneficiary or any other Person effective as of the time of such Asset Sale (provided that Administrative Agent and
Collateral Agent may, after receipt of a written certificate of a Chief Financial Officer of Company or the Company certifying that such transaction is permitted pursuant to the Credit Documents, execute and deliver any documentation reasonably
requested by Company in writing to further evidence or reflect any such release, all at the expense of Company). 

7.13Keepwell. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by any other Credit Party hereunder to honor
all of such Credit Partys obligations under this Guaranty in respect of Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 7.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can
be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 7.13, or otherwise under this Guaranty, as it relates to such Credit Party, voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not
for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 7.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been Paid in Full. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this
Section 7.13 constitute, and this Section 7.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Credit Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity
Exchange Act. 

SECTION 8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

8.1Events of Default. If any one or more of the following conditions or events shall occur: 

(a) Failure to Make Payments When Due. Failure by Company to pay (i) the principal of and premium, if any, on any Loan whether at
stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise or (ii) when due any installment of principal of any Loan, by notice of voluntary prepayment, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise. Failure by Company to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or
any other amount (other than an amount referred to in subsection (i) and (ii) of this subsection 8.1(a)) due under any Credit Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period
of three (3) Business Days; or 

(b) Default in Other Agreements. (i) Failure of any Credit Party or any of their
respective Subsidiaries to pay when due any principal of or interest on or any other amount, including any payment in settlement, payable in respect of one or more items of Material Indebtedness, in each case beyond the grace period, if any,
provided therefor; or (ii) breach or default by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any other term of (1) one or more items of Material Indebtedness, or (2) any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture or other
agreement relating to such item(s) of Material Indebtedness, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor, if the effect of such breach or default is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of that Material Indebtedness (or a
trustee on behalf of such holder or holders), with or without the passage of time, to cause, that Material Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or subject to a compulsory repurchase or other redemption) prior to its stated maturity
or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be; or 

93 

(c) Breach of Certain Covenants. Failure of any Credit Party to perform or comply
with any term or condition contained in Section 5.1, Section 5.2, Section 5.3, Section 5.4, Section 5.5, Section 5.6, Section 5.7, Section 5.8, Section 5.9, Section 5.15, or Section 6; or 

(d) Breach of Representations, etc. Any representation, warranty, certification or other statement made or deemed made by any Credit
Party in any Credit Document or in any statement or certificate at any time given by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries in writing pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any
material respect as of the date made or deemed made; provided that such materiality qualifier shall not apply to any representations and warranties to the extent already qualified or modified by materiality or similar concept in the text thereof; or

(e) Other Defaults Under Credit Documents. Any Credit Party shall default in the performance of or compliance with any term
contained herein or any of the other Credit Documents, other than any such term referred to in any other paragraph of this Section 8.1 or consisting of a condition or status that is expressly required to exist or be satisfied at a specific
time, and such term has not been fully and permanently performed or complied with within thirty days after the earlier of (i) an officer of such Credit Party becoming aware of such default, or (ii) receipt by Company of notice from
Administrative Agent or any Lender of such default; or 

(f) Involuntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, etc. (i) A court
of competent jurisdiction shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, which decree or order is not stayed; or any other similar relief shall be
granted under any applicable federal or state law; or (ii) an involuntary case shall be commenced against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any Debtor Relief Law; or a decree or order of a court having jurisdiction in the premises
for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, custodian or other officer having similar powers over the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or over all or a substantial part of its property, shall have been entered; or there
shall have occurred the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee or other custodian of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for all or a substantial part of its property; or a warrant of attachment, execution or similar process
shall have been issued against any substantial part of the property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and any such event described in this clause (ii) shall continue for sixty days without having been dismissed, bonded or discharged;
or 

(g) Voluntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc. (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall have an order for
relief entered with respect to it or shall commence a voluntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, or shall consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case, or to the conversion of an involuntary case to a voluntary case, under any
such law, or shall consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, trustee or other custodian for all or a substantial part of its property; or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall make any assignment for the benefit of
creditors; or (ii) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be unable, or shall fail generally, or shall admit in writing its inability, to pay its debts as such debts become due; or the Board of Directors of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (or any committee thereof) shall adopt any resolution or otherwise authorize any action to approve any of the actions referred to herein or in Section 8.1(f); or 

94 

(h) Judgments and Attachments. Any money judgment, writ or warrant of attachment or
similar process involving (i) in any individual case an amount in excess of $1,000,000 or (ii) in the aggregate at any time an amount in excess of $2,000,000 (in either case to the extent not adequately covered by insurance as to which a
solvent and unaffiliated insurance company has acknowledged coverage) shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets and shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a
period of sixty days; or 

(i) Dissolution. Any order, judgment or decree shall be entered against any Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries decreeing the dissolution or split up of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and such order shall remain undischarged or unstayed for a period in excess of thirty days; or 

(j) Employee Benefit Plans. (i) There shall occur one or more ERISA Events that individually or in the aggregate results in or
might reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates in excess of $500,000 during the term hereof; or (ii) there exists any fact or circumstance that reasonably
could be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien or security interest under Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA or a violation of Section 436 of the Internal Revenue Code; or 

(k) Change of Control. A Change of Control shall occur; or 

(l) Guaranties, Collateral Documents and other Credit Documents. At any time after the execution and delivery thereof, (i) the
Guaranty for any reason, other than the Payment in Full of all Obligations, shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms) or shall be declared to be null and void or any Guarantor shall repudiate its
obligations thereunder, (ii) this Agreement or any Collateral Document ceases to be in full force and effect (other than by reason of a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or the Payment in Full of the
Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof) or shall be declared null and void, or Collateral Agent shall not have or shall cease to have a valid and perfected Lien in any Collateral purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents with the
priority required by the relevant Collateral Document, in each case for any reason, or (iii) any Credit Party shall contest the validity or enforceability of any Credit Document in writing or deny in writing that it has any further liability,
including with respect to future advances by Lenders, under any Credit Document to which it is a party or shall contest the validity of or perfection of any Lien in any Collateral granted or purported to be granted pursuant to the Collateral
Documents; or 

THEN, (1) upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.1(f) or 8.1(g), automatically, and
(2) upon the occurrence of any other Event of Default, at the request of (or with the consent of) Requisite Lenders, upon notice to Company by Administrative Agent, (A) the Commitments, if any, of each Lender having such Commitments; and
(B) each of the following shall immediately become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Credit Party: (I) the unpaid
principal amount of and accrued interest and premium on the Loans, and (II) all other 

95 

Obligations; provided, the foregoing shall not affect in any way the obligations of Lenders under Section 2.3(e). In addition to the foregoing rights and remedies, Administrative
Agent, at the request of (or with the consent of) Requisite Lenders, may cause Collateral Agent to enforce any and all Liens and security interests created pursuant to Collateral Documents and Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent may enforce
any other rights and remedies available to it under any Credit Document or under applicable law. 

SECTION 9 AGENTS 

9.1Appointment of Agents. WSFS is hereby appointed Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent hereunder and under the
other Credit Documents and each Lender hereby authorizes WSFS, in such capacity, to act as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Each Agent hereby agrees to act in
its capacity as such upon the express conditions contained in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, as applicable. The provisions of this Section 9 are solely for the benefit of Agents and Lenders and no Credit Party shall have any
rights as a third party beneficiary of any of the provisions thereof. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each Agent shall act solely as an agent of Lenders and the Secured Parties, as applicable, and does not assume and shall not be
deemed to have assumed any obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with or for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Each Agent (other than Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent), without consent of or notice to any party hereto,
may assign any and all of its rights or obligations hereunder to any of its Affiliates. Each Agent (other than Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent), may resign from such role at any time, with immediate effect, by giving prior written notice
thereof to Administrative Agent and Company. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent in this Agreement or any other Credit Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to Administrative Agent or Collateral
Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an
administrative relationship between contracting parties. Each Lender hereby agrees that, except as otherwise set forth herein, any action taken by the Requisite Lenders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or the Credit Documents, and
the exercise by the Requisite Lenders of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. 

9.2Powers and Duties. Each Lender irrevocably authorizes each Agent to take such action on such Lenders behalf and to
exercise such powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as are specifically delegated or granted to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers, rights and remedies as are reasonably
incidental thereto. In the event that any obligations are permitted to be incurred and subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations hereunder and/or are permitted to be secured by Liens on all or a portion of the Collateral, each Lender
authorizes Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, as applicable, to enter into intercreditor agreements, subordination agreements and amendments to the Collateral Documents to reflect such arrangements on terms that are acceptable to
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, in their respective sole discretion, as applicable. Each Agent shall have only those duties and responsibilities that are expressly specified in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Each Agent may
exercise such powers, rights and remedies and perform such duties by or through its agents, sub-agents or employees. No Agent 

96 

shall have, by reason of this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender or any other Person; and nothing in this Agreement or any of the
other Credit Documents, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon any Agent any obligations in respect of this Agreement orany of the other Credit Documents except as expressly set forth herein or
therein. 

9.3General Immunity. 

(a) No Responsibility for Certain Matters. No Agent shall be responsible to any Lender for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire
into the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, perfection, collectability or sufficiency (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with any Agents reliance on any electronic signatures, or signatures
transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means) of this Agreement or any other Credit Document or for any representations, warranties, recitals or statements made herein or therein or made in any written or oral statements or in
any financial or other statements, instruments, agreements, reports or certificates or any other documents furnished or made by any Agent to Lenders or by or on behalf of any Credit Party to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the Credit
Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby or for the financial condition or business affairs of any Credit Party or any other Person liable for the payment of any Obligations, nor shall any Agent be required to ascertain or inquire as to
the performance or observance of any of the terms, conditions, provisions, covenants or agreements contained in any of the Credit Documents or as to the use of the proceeds of the Loans or as to the existence or possible existence of any Event of
Default or Default or as to the value or sufficiency of any Collateral or as to the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 3 or elsewhere herein (other than confirm receipt of items expressly required to be
delivered to such Agent) or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to make any disclosures with respect to the foregoing. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Administrative
Agent shall not have any liability arising from confirmations of the amount of outstanding Loans or the component amounts thereof. 

(b)
Exculpatory Provisions. No Agent nor any of its officers, partners, Directors, employees or agents shall be liable to Lenders for any action taken or omitted by any Agent (i) under or in connection with any of the Credit Documents except
to the extent caused by such Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, or (ii) with the consent or at the
request of the Requisite Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders or any other instructing group of Lenders specified by this Agreement) or upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders. No Agent shall, except as expressly set forth
in this Agreement or the other Credit Documents, have any duty to disclose or be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to Company or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by such Agent or any of its
Affiliates in any capacity. Each Agent shall be entitled to refrain from any act or the taking of any action (including the failure to take an action) in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents or from the exercise of any
power, discretion or authority vested in it hereunder or thereunder unless and until such Agent shall have received instructions in respect thereof from Requisite Lenders (or such other Lenders as may be required to give such instructions under
Section 10.5) or a Direction of the Requisite Lenders and, upon receipt of such instructions from Requisite Lenders (or such other Lenders, as the case may be) or a Direction of the Requisite 

97 

Lenders, such Agent shall be entitled to act or (where so instructed) refrain from acting, or to exercise (and shall be fully protected in so acting, refraining from acting or exercising) such
power, discretion or authority, in accordance with such instructions, including for the avoidance of doubt refraining from any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability, may be in violation of the
automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law; provided, however, that (1) notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no Agent shall be required to take any action which, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, exposes any
Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or Requirements of Law and (2) each Agent shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to act under this Agreement or any other
Credit Document unless it first receives further assurances of its indemnification from the Lenders that the such Agent reasonably believes it may require, including prepayment of any related expenses and any other protection it requires against any
and all costs, expenses and liabilities it may incur in taking or continuing to take any such discretionary action upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, (i) each Agent shall be entitled
to rely, and shall be fully protected in, and shall not incur any liability for, relying, upon any oral or written communication, instrument, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure,
authorization or document (which may include a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an electronic signature, or signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other
electronic means) believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person or Persons (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Credit Documents for
being the maker thereof), and shall be entitled to rely and shall be protected in relying on, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of, opinions and judgments of
attorneys (who may be attorneys for the Company and its Subsidiaries), accountants, experts and other professional advisors selected by it; and (ii) no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against any Agent as a result of such Agent
acting or (where so instructed) refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents in accordance with the instructions of Requisite Lenders (or such other Lenders as may be required to give such instructions under
Section 10.5) or a Direction of the Requisite Lenders. In no event shall any Agent be required to expend or risk any of its own funds or otherwise incur any liability, financial or otherwise, in the performance of its duties under the Credit
Documents or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers under this Agreement. 

(c) Delegation of Duties. Each Agent may perform
any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers under this Agreement or under any other Credit Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Such appointing Agent and
any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates. The exculpatory, indemnification and other provisions of this
Section 9 shall apply to any Affiliates of any Agent and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as an Agent. All of the rights, benefits,
and privileges (including the exculpatory and indemnification provisions) of this Section 9 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of any such
sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities as sub-agent as if such sub-agent and Affiliates were named herein.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to each sub-agent appointed by an Agent, (i) such sub-agent shall be a third party beneficiary under
this Agreement with respect to all such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights 

98 

and rights to indemnification) and shall have all of the rights and benefits of a third party beneficiary of this Section 9, including an independent right of action to enforce such rights,
benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) directly, without the consent or joinder of any other Person, against any or all of Credit Parties and the Lenders, (ii) such rights, benefits and privileges
(including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) shall not be modified or amended without the consent of such sub-agent, and (iii) such sub-agent shall
only have obligations to the applicable Agent and not to any Credit Party, Lender or any other Person and no Credit Party, Lender or any other Person shall have any rights, directly or indirectly, as a third party beneficiary or otherwise, against
such sub-agent. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines
in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

(d) Notice of Default or Event of Default. No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and
until written notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to such Agent by a Credit Party or a Lender. In the event that Administrative Agent shall receive such a notice, Administrative Agent will endeavor to give notice thereof to
the Lenders; provided, that failure to give such notice shall not result in any liability on the part of Administrative Agent. 

(e)
Direction of Requisite Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents to the contrary, with respect to each reference herein or the other Credit Documents to documents, agreements or other matters being
satisfactory, acceptable, reasonably satisfactory, reasonably acceptable, waived or requested (or any expression of similar import) to or by the Requisite Lenders, such
determination may be communicated by a Direction of the Requisite Lenders. 

9.4Agents Entitled to Act as Lender. The
agency hereby created shall in no way impair or affect any of the rights and powers of, or impose any duties or obligations upon, any Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender hereunder. With respect to its participation in the Loans, each Agent
shall have the same rights and powers hereunder as any other Lender and may exercise the same as if it were not performing the duties and functions delegated to it hereunder, and the term Lender shall, unless the context clearly
otherwise indicates, include each Agent in its individual capacity. Any Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory or other business
with the Company or any of its Affiliates as if it were not performing the duties specified herein, and may accept fees and other consideration from Company for services in connection herewith and otherwise without having to account for the same to
Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that pursuant to such activities, the Agents or their Affiliates may receive information regarding any Credit Party or any Affiliate of any Credit Party (including information that may be subject to confidentiality
obligations in favor of such Credit Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Agents and their Affiliates shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them. 

99 

9.5Lenders Representations, Warranties and
Acknowledgment. 

(a) Each Lender represents and warrants that it has made its own independent investigation of the financial condition
and affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with Credit Extensions hereunder and that it has made and shall continue to make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Company and its Subsidiaries. No Agent shall have any
duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to make any such investigation or any such appraisal on behalf of Lenders or to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its
possession before the making of the Loans or at any time or times thereafter, and no Agent shall have any responsibility with respect to the accuracy of or the completeness of any information provided to Lenders. 

(b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement or an Assignment Agreement and funding its Term Loan on the Closing Date
shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Credit Document and each other document required to be approved by any Agent, Requisite Lenders or Lenders, as applicable on the Closing Date. 

(c) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Agents their respective Affiliates that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 
2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments; 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a
class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect
to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder have been satisfied in connection therewith; 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning
of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments
and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections
(b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are
satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement; or 

100 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in
writing between the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion, and such Lender. 

(d) In addition, if the immediately preceding
clause (c)(i) is not applicable with respect to a Lender and if such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in the immediately preceding clause (c)(iv), then such Lender further (x) represents and
warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Agents and
their respective Affiliates that none of the Agents or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by any Agent under this
Agreement, any Credit Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

(e) The Administrative Agent hereby informs the Lenders that
each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions
contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, or the
Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Credit Documents
or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of
credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

9.6Right to Indemnity. Each Lender, in proportion to its Pro Rata Share, severally agrees to indemnify each Agent, their
Affiliates and their and their Affiliates respective officers, partners, directors, members, managers, trustees, employees, advisors, consultants, administrators, agents, sub-agents and representatives
of each Agent (each, an Indemnitee Agent Party), to the extent that such Indemnitee Agent Party shall not have been reimbursed by any Credit Party, for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses,
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including counsel fees and disbursements) or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee Agent Party in
exercising its powers, rights and remedies or performing its duties hereunder or under the other Credit Documents or otherwise in its capacity as such Indemnitee Agent Party in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the other Credit
Documents, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY, OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF SUCH INDEMNITEE AGENT PARTY; provided, no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or 

101 

disbursements resulting from such Indemnitee Agent Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable order; provided, however, no action taken in accordance with the consent or at the request of the Requisite Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders or any other instructing
group of Lenders specified by this Agreement) or upon a Direction of the Requisite Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section. If any indemnity furnished to any Indemnitee Agent Party
for any purpose shall, in the opinion of such Indemnitee Agent Party, be insufficient or become impaired, such Indemnitee Agent Party may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against until such
additional indemnity is furnished; provided, in no event shall this sentence require any Lender to indemnify any Indemnitee Agent Party against any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or
disbursement in excess of such Lenders Pro Rata Share thereof; provided, further, this sentence shall not be deemed to require any Lender to indemnify any Indemnitee Agent Party against any liability, obligation, loss, damage,
penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement described in the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence. 

9.7Successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 

(a) Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving thirty days
prior written notice thereof to Lenders and Company. Administrative Agent shall have the right to appoint a financial institution to act as successor Administrative Agent hereunder in such notice, subject to the reasonable satisfaction of Company
and the Requisite Lenders, and Administrative Agents resignation shall become effective on the earliest of (i) thirty days after delivery of the notice of resignation (regardless of whether a successor has been appointed or not), (ii) the
acceptance of such successor Administrative Agent by Company and the Requisite Lenders or (iii) such other date, if any, agreed to by the Requisite Lenders. Upon any such notice of resignation, if a successor Administrative Agent has not
already been appointed by the resigning Administrative Agent, then the Requisite Lenders shall have the right, upon five Business Days notice to Company, to appoint a successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. If neither the
Requisite Lenders nor Administrative Agent have appointed a successor Administrative Agent, then the Requisite Lenders shall be deemed to have succeeded to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning
Administrative Agent automatically upon the effectiveness of such resignation and the resigning Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Credit Documents all payments, communications and
determinations provided to be made by, to or through Administrative Agent shall instead be made to or by each Lender directly, until such time as a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed as provided for above in this Section;
provided that, until a successor Administrative Agent is so appointed by the Requisite Lenders or Administrative Agent, any collateral security held by Administrative Agent in its role as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of
the Credit Documents shall continue to be held by the resigning Collateral Agent as nominee until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor
Administrative Agent, that successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning Administrative Agent and the resigning Administrative Agent shall promptly
(i) transfer to such successor Administrative Agent all sums, Securities and other items of Collateral held under the Collateral Documents, together with all 

102 

records and other documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of the duties of the successor Administrative Agent under the Credit Documents, and (ii) execute and
deliver to such successor Administrative Agent such amendments to financing statements, and take such other actions, as may be necessary or appropriate in connection with the assignment to such successor Administrative Agent of the security
interests created under the Collateral Documents, whereupon such resigning Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. Except as provided above, any resignation of WSFS or its successor as Administrative Agent
pursuant to this Section 9.7 shall also constitute the resignation of WSFS or its successor as Collateral Agent. After any resigning Administrative Agents resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Agreement and
the other Credit Documents, including the provisions of this Section 9 and Sections 10.2 and 10.3, shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent hereunder. Any successor
Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to this Section 9.7 shall, automatically upon its acceptance of such appointment, become the successor Collateral Agent for all purposes hereunder. 

(b) In addition to the foregoing, Collateral Agent may resign at any time by giving prior written notice thereof to Lenders and the Company.
Administrative Agent shall have the right to appoint a financial institution as Collateral Agent hereunder, subject to the reasonable satisfaction of Company and the Requisite Lenders, and Collateral Agents resignation shall become effective
on the earliest of (i) thirty days after delivery of the notice of resignation, (ii) the acceptance of such successor Collateral Agent by Company and the Requisite Lenders or (iii) such other date, if any, agreed to by the Requisite
Lenders. Upon any such notice of resignation or any such removal, if a successor Collateral Agent has not already been appointed by the resigning Administrative Agent, then Requisite Lenders shall have the right, upon five Business Days notice
to Administrative Agent, to appoint a successor Collateral Agent. Until a successor Collateral Agent is so appointed by Requisite Lenders or Administrative Agent, any collateral security held by Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders under
any of the Credit Documents shall continue to be held by the resigning Collateral Agent as nominee until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Collateral Agent hereunder by a successor
Collateral Agent, that successor Collateral Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning or removed Collateral Agent under this Agreement and the Collateral Documents, and the
resigning or removed Collateral Agent under this Agreement shall promptly (i) transfer to such successor Collateral Agent all sums, Securities and other items of Collateral held hereunder or under the Collateral Documents, together with all
records and other documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of the duties of the successor Collateral Agent under this Agreement and the Collateral Documents, and (ii) execute and deliver to such successor Collateral
Agent or otherwise authorize the filing of such amendments to financing statements, and take such other actions, as may be necessary or appropriate in connection with the assignment to such successor Collateral Agent of the security interests
created under the Collateral Documents, whereupon such resigning or removed Collateral Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the Collateral Documents. After any resigning or removed Collateral
Agents resignation or removal hereunder as Collateral Agent, the provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents, including the provisions of this Section 9 and Sections 10.2 and 10.3, shall inure to its benefit as to any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by it under this Agreement or the Collateral Documents while it was Collateral Agent hereunder. 

103 

(c) [reserved]. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent may assign their rights and duties as
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent hereunder to an Affiliate of WSFS without the prior written consent of, or prior written notice to, Company or the Lenders; provided, that Company and the Lenders may deem and treat such assigning
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent for all purposes hereof, unless and until such assigning Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, provides written notice to Company and the
Lenders of such assignment. Upon such assignment such Affiliate shall succeed to and become vested with all rights, powers, privileges and duties as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Credit Documents. 

9.8Collateral Documents and Guaranty. 

(a) Agents under Collateral Documents and Guaranty. Each Lender hereby further authorizes Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as
applicable, on behalf of and for the benefit of Secured Parties, to be the agent for and representative of Secured Parties with respect to the Guaranty, the Collateral and the Collateral Documents. Subject to Section 10.5, without further
written consent or authorization from any Secured Party, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable may execute any documents or instruments necessary to (i) in connection with a sale or disposition of assets permitted by this
Agreement, release any Lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of such sale or other disposition of assets or to which Requisite Lenders (or such other Lenders as may be required to give such consent under Section 10.5) have
otherwise consented, or (ii) release any Guarantor from the Guaranty pursuant to Section 7.12 or with respect to which Requisite Lenders (or such other Lenders as may be required to give such consent under Section 10.5) have otherwise
consented. Upon request by Administrative Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing Administrative Agents authority to release its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations
under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.8. Upon the reasonable request of Company, Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent may, after receipt of a written certificate of a Chief Financial Officer of Company certifying that such
transaction is permitted pursuant to the Credit Documents (and Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate without further inquiry and shall have no liability to any Secured Party for any inaccuracy or
misrepresentation contained therein), execute and deliver any such release documentation reasonably requested by Company in connection with such permitted releases as described above, all at the expense of Company. Notwithstanding anything in the
Credit Documents to the contrary, each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that no Agent will be responsible for filing, continuing or otherwise tracking any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or other security, mortgage or
pledge filings required to be filed pursuant to the Credit Documents including, among other things, the upcoming lapse or expiration thereof. 

(b) Right to Realize on Collateral and Enforce Guaranty. Anything contained in any of the Credit Documents to the contrary
notwithstanding, Company, Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and each Secured Party (by acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement and any other Credit Documents, whether or not a signatory hereto or thereto) hereby agree that (i) no
Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce 

104 

the Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under any of the other Credit Documents may be exercised solely by Administrative Agent or
Collateral Agent, as applicable, for the benefit of Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof and all powers, rights and remedies under the Collateral Documents may be exercised solely by Collateral Agent for the benefit of
Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure or similar enforcement action by Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition (including pursuant
to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii), or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code), Collateral Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or disposition and Collateral Agent, as agent for and
representative of Secured Parties (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless Requisite Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or
payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by Collateral Agent at such sale or
other disposition. 

(c) [reserved]. 

(d) Release of Collateral and Guarantees, Termination of Credit Documents. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or
any other Credit Document, when all Obligations have been Paid in Full, upon request of Company, or upon a disposition of assets expressly permitted under this Agreement, Administrative Agent shall take such actions as shall be required to release
its security interest in all Collateral, and to release all guarantee obligations provided for in any Credit Document. Any such release of guarantee obligations shall be deemed subject to the provision that such guarantee obligations shall be
reinstated if after such release any portion of any payment in respect of the Obligations guaranteed thereby shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of
Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, Company or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such
payment had not been made. 

(e) No Duty. Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into
any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of Collateral Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Credit Party in connection
therewith, nor shall Collateral Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 

(f) Agency for Perfection. Each Agent and each Lender hereby appoints each other Agent and each other Lender as agent and bailee for
the purpose of perfecting the security interests in and liens upon the Collateral in assets that, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC, can be perfected only by possession or control (or where the security interest of a Secured Party with
possession or control has priority over the security interest of another Secured Party) and each Agent and each Lender hereby acknowledges that it holds possession of or otherwise controls any such Collateral for the benefit of the other Secured
Parties, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. Should Administrative Agent or any Lender obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, Administrative Agent or such Lender shall notify Collateral Agent thereof, and,
promptly upon Collateral Agents request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to Collateral Agent or in accordance with Collateral Agents instructions. Each Credit Party by its execution and delivery of this Agreement hereby consents to
the foregoing. 

105 

9.9Withholding Taxes. To the extent required by any applicable law,
Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Without duplication of the provisions of Section 2.19(g), if the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental
Authority asserts a claim that Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to
notify Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective or for any other reason, or if Administrative Agent reasonably determines that a payment was made to a Lender
pursuant to this Agreement without deduction of applicable withholding tax from such payment, such Lender shall indemnify Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by Administrative Agent as Tax or otherwise, including
any penalties or interest and together with all expenses (including legal expenses and out-of-pocket expenses) incurred. 

9.10Administrative Agent May File Bankruptcy Disclosure and Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Laws relative to any Credit Party, Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether Administrative
Agent shall have made any demand on Company) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other
Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of Administrative Agent and its respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and Administrative Agent under Sections 2.10, 10.2 and 10.3) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by
each Lender to make such payments to Administrative Agent and, in the event that Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders to pay to Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Administrative Agent under Sections 2.10, 10.2 and 10.3. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of Administrative Agent, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Administrative Agent under Sections 2.10, 10.2 and 10.3 out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment of the
same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the 

106 

Lenders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. Nothing contained in this Section 9.10 shall be
deemed to authorize Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize
Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 

9.11Erroneous Payments.
(a) If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (any such Lender or other recipient, a Payment Recipient) that Administrative Agent has determined in its
sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from Administrative Agent or any of its
Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted
or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment
(or a portion thereof (provided, that, without limiting any other rights or remedies (whether at law or in equity), the Administrative Agent may not make any such demand under this clause (a) with respect to an Erroneous Payment unless such
demand is made within 60 days of the date of receipt of such Erroneous Payment by the applicable Payment Recipient)), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as
contemplated below in this Section 9.11 and held in trust for the benefit of Administrative Agent, and such Lender shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such
Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous
Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was
received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, agrees that if
it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different
amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment,
(y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent 

107 

(or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each
such case: 

(i) it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an
error and mistake shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with
respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

(ii) such Lender shall (and shall cause any other recipient that
receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify the Administrative
Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.11(b). 

For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.11(b) shall not have
any effect on a Payment Recipients obligations pursuant to Section 9.11(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. 

(c) Each Lender hereby authorizes Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under
any Credit Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by Administrative Agent to such Lender under any Loan Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that Administrative Agent has
demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a). 

(d) The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether
Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, Administrative
Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, to the rights and interests of such Lender, as the case may be) under the
Loan Documents with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights) and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower;
provided that this Section 9.11 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of Company relative to the
amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses
(x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from, or on behalf of (including through
the exercise of remedies under any Loan Document), the Borrower for the purpose of a payment on the Obligations. 

108 

(e) To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, no Payment Recipient shall
assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or
counterclaim by Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of
Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender,the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan
Document. 

SECTION 10 MISCELLANEOUS 

10.1Notices. 

(a)
Notices Generally. Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, any notice or other communication herein required or permitted to be given to a Credit Party, Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent shall be sent to such
Persons mailing address as set forth on Appendix B or in the other relevant Credit Document, and in the case of any Lender, the mailing address as indicated on Appendix B or otherwise indicated to Administrative Agent and Company in
writing. Each notice hereunder shall be in writing and may be personally served or sent by facsimile (excluding any notices to any Agent in its capacity as such) or U.S. mail or courier service and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered
in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof, upon receipt of facsimile, or three Business Days after depositing it in the U.S. mail with postage prepaid and properly addressed; provided, no notice to any Agent in
its capacity as such shall be effective until received by Agent; provided, further, any such notice or other communication shall, at the request of an Agent, be provided to any sub-agent
appointed pursuant to Section 9.3(c) as designated by such Agent from time to time. 

(b) Electronic Communications. 

(i) Notices and other communications to any Agent, Lenders and any Credit Party hereunder may be delivered or furnished by
other electronic communication (including e mail and Internet or intranet websites, including Debt Domain, Intralinks, SyndTrak or another relevant website or other information platform (the Platform)) pursuant to procedures
approved by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will notices by electronic communication be effective to any Agent, any Lender, if any such Person has notified Administrative Agent
that it is incapable of receiving notices by electronic communication. Any Agent may, in its sole discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it,
provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. In the case of any notices by electronic communication permitted in accordance with this Agreement, unless Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes,
(A) any notices and other communications permitted to be sent to an e-mail address shall be delivered during normal business hours and deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgment
from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment, but excluding any

109 

automatic reply to such e-mail), except that, if such notice or other communication is not sent prior to noon, local time at the location of the recipient,
then such notice or communication shall be deemed not to have been received until the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, at the earliest, and (B) notices or communications permitted to be posted to an Internet or
intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (A) of notification that such notice or communication
is available and clearly identifying an accessible website address therefor. 

(ii) Each Credit Party understands that the
distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution and agrees and assumes the risks associated with such electronic distribution,
except to the extent caused by the willful misconduct or gross negligence of Administrative Agent, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(iii) The Platform and any Approved Electronic Communications are provided as is and as available. None
of the Agents, their respective Affiliates or any of their or their Affiliates respective officers, partners, members, directors, trustees, employees, managers, advisors, consultants, administrators, agents,
sub-agents or representatives (the Agent Affiliates) warrant the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the Approved Electronic Communications or the Platform and each expressly disclaims
liability for errors or omissions in the Platform and the Approved Electronic Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects is made by the Agent Affiliates in connection with the Platform or the Approved Electronic Communications. In no event shall the
Agent Affiliates have any liability to any of the Credit Parties, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Credit Partys or Administrative Agents transmission of
communications through the Platform except to the extent caused by the willful misconduct or gross negligence of Administrative Agent, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Affiliate have any liability to any Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, losses or expenses (as opposed to direct or actual damages, losses or
expenses). Each party hereto agrees that no Agent has any responsibility for maintaining or providing any equipment, software, services or any testing required in connection with any Approved Electronic Communication or otherwise required for the
Platform. 

(iv) Each Credit Party, each Lender and each Agent agrees that Administrative Agent may, but shall not be
obligated to, store any Approved Electronic Communications on the Platform in accordance with Administrative Agents customary document retention procedures and policies. 

110 

(v) All uses of the Platform shall be governed by and subject to, in
addition to this Section 10.1, separate terms and conditions posted or referenced in such Platform and related agreements executed by the Lenders and their Affiliates in connection with the use of such Platform. 

(vi) Any notice of Default or Event of Default may be provided by telephone if confirmed promptly thereafter by delivery of
written notice thereof. 

(c) Change of Address, Etc. Any party hereto may change its mailing or
e-mail address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

10.2Expenses. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated, the Credit Parties agree to pay
promptly (a) all Administrative Agents and the Lenders actual and reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation and execution of the Credit Documents and any
consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications thereto; (b) all the Agents costs of furnishing all opinions by outside counsel for Company and the other Credit Parties; (c) all the reasonable and documented out of pocket fees,
expenses and disbursements of counsel to Agents and Lenders in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, enforcement and administration of the Credit Documents and any consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications thereto and
any other documents or matters requested by Company; (d) all the actual costs and reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses of creating, perfecting, recording, maintaining, and preserving Liens in favor of Collateral Agent, for the
benefit of Secured Parties, including filing and recording fees, expenses and taxes, stamp or documentary taxes, search fees, title insurance premiums and reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of outside counsel to Agents and Lenders;
(e) any Agents or Lenders actual costs and reasonable and documented out of pocket fees, expenses, and disbursements of any auditors, accountants, consultants or appraisers; (f) all the actual costs and reasonable and
documented out of pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of any third party appraisers, consultants, advisors and agents employed or retained by Collateral Agent or the Requisite Lenders and their respective
outside counsel) in connection with the custody or preservation of any of the Collateral; (g) all other actual and reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses incurred by each Agent or Lender in connection with the syndication of
the Loans and Commitments and the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents and any consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications thereto; and (h) after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default, all costs and expenses,
including reasonable attorneys fees and costs of settlement, incurred by any Agent for general default administration or incurred by any Agent and Lenders in enforcing or preparing for enforcement of any Obligations of or in collecting or
preparing to collect any payments due from any Credit Party hereunder or under the other Credit Documents by reason of such Default or Event of Default (including in connection with any actual or prospective sale of, collection from, or other
realization upon any of the Collateral or the enforcement of the Guaranty) or in connection with any actual or prospective refinancing or restructuring of the credit arrangements provided hereunder in the nature of a work out or pursuant
to or in contemplation of any insolvency or bankruptcy cases or proceedings, including the engagement of a restructuring advisor or consultant satisfactory to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

111 

10.3Indemnity and Related Reimbursement. 

(a) In the event that an Indemnitee becomes involved in any capacity in any action, proceeding or investigation brought by or against any
Person (including whether brought by a third party or any Credit Party or any of its affiliates) relating to or arising out of any Indemnified Liabilities and whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated, each Credit
Party agrees that on demand it will reimburse such Indemnitee for its legal and other expenses (including the cost of any investigation and preparation) incurred in connection therewith. 

(b) In addition to the payment of expenses pursuant to Section 10.2, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
consummated, each Credit Party agrees to defend (subject to Indemnitees selection of counsel), indemnify, pay and hold harmless, each Indemnitee, from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities,IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT
CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY, OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF SUCH INDEMNITEE; provided, no Credit Party shall have any obligation to any Indemnitee under this Section 10.3(b) with respect to
any Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities arise directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, in each case as determined by a final non-appealable
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. To the extent that the undertakings to defend, indemnify, pay and hold harmless set forth in this Section 10.3 may be unenforceable in whole or in part because they are violative of any law or
public policy, the applicable Credit Party shall contribute the maximum portion that it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by Indemnitees or any of them. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Credit Party shall assert, and each Credit Party hereby waives, any claim against
any Indemnitee on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by any applicable
legal requirement) arising out of, in connection with, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any Credit Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referenced to herein or therein, the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, and the Company hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue upon any such claim or such damages whether
or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through
telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Credit Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except to the extent such damages arise directly from gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, in each case as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction provided, however, that in no event shall any Indemnitee
have any liability to any Person for special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 

112 

(d) Each Credit Party also agrees that no Indemnitee will have any liability to any Credit
Party or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in right of any Credit Party or any other Person in connection with or as a result of this Agreement or any Credit Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or
referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof, or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, in each case, except in the case of any Credit Party to
the extent that any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses incurred by such Credit Party or its affiliates, shareholders, partners or other equity holders have been found by a final, non-appealable
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Lender or Agent in performing its funding obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that in no
event will any such Lender or Agent have any liability for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special or punitive damages in connection with or as a result of such Lenders or Agents, or their respective Affiliates,
Directors, employees, attorneys, agents or sub-agents activities arising out of, in connection with, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any Credit
Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referenced to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in
connection therewith. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any Credit Document, this Section 10.3 shall
not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

10.4Set-Off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable
law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default each Agent and each Lender and their respective Affiliates are each hereby authorized by each Credit Party at any time or from time to time, without
notice to any Credit Party or to any other Person (other than Administrative Agent), any such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or
final, in whatever currency) and any other obligations or Indebtedness at any time held or owing by such Lender to or for the credit or the account of any Credit Party against and on account of the Obligations of any Credit Party to such Lender
hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, including all claims of any nature or description arising out of or connected hereto, and participations therein or with any other Credit Document, irrespective of whether or not (a) such Lender
shall have made any demand hereunder or (b) the principal of or the interest on the Loans or any other amounts due hereunder shall have become due and payable pursuant to Section 2 and although such obligations and liabilities, or any of
them, may be contingent or unmatured. The rights of each Lender and its respective Affiliates under this Section 10.4 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set off) that such Lender or its respective Affiliates
may otherwise have. 

10.5Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) Requisite Lenders Consent. Subject to the additional requirements of Sections 10.5(b) and 10.5(c) and except as otherwise
provided in clauses (i) or (ii) of Section 2.17(a), no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of the Credit Documents, or consent to any departure by any Credit Party therefrom, shall in any event be

113 

effective without the written concurrence of Administrative Agent and the Requisite Lenders; provided that Administrative Agent may, with the consent of Company (and without any
requirement for consent from any other Person), amend, modify, or supplement this Agreement or any other Credit Document to cure any obvious typographical error, incorrect cross-reference, defect in form, inconsistency, omission or ambiguity (in
each case, as concluded by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), so long as Lenders have received at least five Business Days prior written notice thereof and Administrative Agent has not received, within five Business Days after
delivery of such notice, a written notice from Requisite Lenders stating that the Requisite Lenders object to such amendment. 

(b)
Affected Lenders Consent. Subject to Section 10.5(e), without the written consent of each Lender that would be directly and adversely affected thereby, no amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent shall be effective
if the effect thereof would: 

(i) extend the scheduled final maturity of any Loan or any promissory note issued pursuant to
Section 2.6; 

(ii) waive, reduce or postpone any scheduled repayment (but not prepayment); 

(iii) waive any condition precedent set forth in Section 3.1 without the consent of each Lender; 

(iv) reduce the rate of interest on any Loan (other than any waiver of any increase in the interest rate applicable to any Loan
pursuant to Section 2.9) or any fee or premium payable under this Agreement; provided, that only the consent of Administrative Agent shall be necessary to revoke any election by Administrative Agent to impose interest at the Default Rate
or to revoke any right of Company to convert or continue Loans as SOFR Loans; 

(v) waive or extend the time for payment of
any such interest, fees, or premiums; 

(vi) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan, or increase any
Lenders Commitment; 

(vii) amend, modify, terminate or waive any provision of this Section 10.5(b) or
Section 10.5(c) or any other provision of this Agreement that expressly provides that the consent of all Lenders or any specific Lenders is required; 

(viii) amend the definition of Requisite Lenders, or Pro Rata Share; provided, with the consent
of Administrative Agent and the Requisite Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be included in the determination of Requisite Lenders orPro Rata Share on substantially the same basis
as the Commitments, the Term Loans are included on the Closing Date; 

114 

(ix) alter the required application of any repayments or prepayments as
pursuant to Section 2.14 or Section 2.15(h) without the consent of each Lender that is being allocated a lesser repayment or prepayment as a result thereof; 

(x) release all or substantially all of the Collateral or all or substantially all of the Guarantors from the Guaranty except
(A) as expressly provided in the Credit Documents on the Closing Date, (B) in connection with a credit bid undertaken by Collateral Agent with the consent or at the direction of Requisite Lenders pursuant to
Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code or any other Debtor Relief Law, or (C) in connection with any other sale or disposition of assets in connection with an enforcement action with
respect to the Collateral that is permitted pursuant to the Credit Documents and consented to or directed by Requisite Lenders; 

(xi) consent to the assignment or transfer by any Credit Party of any of its rights and obligations under any Credit Document,
except as expressly provided in any Credit Document; or 

(xii) subordinate the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured
Obligations to any other Indebtedness or subordinate the Obligations in right of payment to any other Indebtedness. 

(c) Other
Consents. Subject to Section 10.5(e), no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of the Credit Documents, or consent to any departure by any Credit Party therefrom, shall: 

(i) amend, modify, or waive any provision of this Agreement or the Collateral Documents so as to alter the ratable treatment of
Obligations arising under the Credit Documents or the definitions of Obligations or Secured Obligations (as such term or any similar term is defined in any relevant Collateral Document) in each case in a manner adverse to any
Lender with Obligations then outstanding without the written consent of any such Lender; or 

(ii) amend, modify, terminate
or waive any provision of Section 9 as the same directly or indirectly applies to any Agent, or any other provision hereof as the same directly or indirectly applies to the rights or obligations of any Agent, in each case in any manner adverse
to such Agent without the consent of such Agent. 

(d) [reserved]. 

(e) Execution of Amendments, Etc. Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, with the concurrence of any Lender,
execute amendments, modifications, waivers or consents on behalf of such Lender. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. No notice to or demand on any Credit Party
in any case shall entitle any Credit Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. Any amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent effected in accordance with this Section 10.5 shall be binding
upon each Lender at the time outstanding, each future Lender, each Credit Party, and each future Credit Party. 

115 

(f) [reserved].

(g) Cashless Settlement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue, or
rollover all or a portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification, or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by Company, Administrative
Agent and such Lender. 

10.6Successors and Assigns; Participations. 

(a) Generally. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns and shall inure to
the benefit of the parties hereto and the successors and assigns of Lenders. No Credit Partys rights or obligations hereunder nor any interest therein may be assigned or delegated by any Credit Party without the prior written consent of all
Lenders. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby,
Indemnitee Agent Parties, Affiliates of each of the Agents and Lenders, and any other Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Register. Company, Administrative Agent and Lenders shall deem and treat the Persons listed as Lenders in the Register as the
holders and owners of the corresponding Commitments and Loans (including principal and stated interest) listed therein for all purposes hereof, and no assignment or transfer of any such Commitment or Loan shall be effective, in each case, unless and
until recorded in the Register following Administrative Agents acceptance of a fully executed an Assignment Agreement, together with the forms and certificates regarding tax matters and any fees payable in connection with such assignment, in
each case, as provided in Section 10.6(d). Each assignment shall be recorded in the Register promptly following acceptance by Administrative Agent of the fully executed Assignment Agreement and all other necessary documents and approvals,
prompt notice thereof shall be provided to Company and a copy of such Assignment Agreement shall be maintained, as applicable. The date of such recordation of a transfer shall be referred to herein as the Assignment Effective
Date. Any request, authority or consent of any Person who, at the time of making such request or giving such authority or consent, is listed in the Register as a Lender shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, assignee or
transferee of the corresponding Commitments or Loans. It is intended that the Register be maintained such that the Loans are in registered form for the purposes of the Internal Revenue Code. 

(c) Right to Assign. Each Lender shall have the right at any time to sell, assign or transfer all or a portion of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement, including all or a portion of its Commitment or Loans owing to it or other Obligations (provided, however, that pro rata assignment shall not be required and each assignment shall be of a uniform, and
not varying, percentage of all rights and obligations under and in respect of any applicable Loan and any related Commitments) to any Eligible Assignee upon the giving of notice to Administrative Agent; provided that, each such assignment
shall be in an aggregate amount of not less than $1,000,000 (or such lesser amount (x) as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent, or (y) as is assigned by an assigning Lender to an Affiliate or Related Fund of such Lender) with
respect to the assignment of Term Loans. 

116 

(d) Mechanics. Assignments and assumptions of Loans and Commitments by Lenders shall
be effected by execution and delivery to Administrative Agent of an Assignment Agreement. Assignments made pursuant to the foregoing provision shall be effective as of the Assignment Effective Date. In connection with all assignments there shall be
delivered to Administrative Agent such forms, certificates or other evidence, if any, with respect to U.S. federal income tax withholding matters as the assignee under such Assignment Agreement may be required to deliver pursuant to
Section 2.19(c), together with payment to Administrative Agent of a registration and processing fee of $3,500 (except that no such registration and processing fee shall be payable in the case of an assignee that is already a Lender or is an
Affiliate or Related Fund of a Lender or a Person under common management with a Lender, which fee may be otherwise waived or reduced in the sole discretion of Administrative Agent). 

(e) Notice of Assignment. Upon its receipt and acceptance of a duly executed and completed Assignment Agreement, any forms,
certificates or other evidence required by this Agreement in connection therewith, Administrative Agent shall record the information contained in such Assignment Agreement in the Register, shall give prompt notice thereof to Company and shall
maintain a copy of such Assignment Agreement. 

(f) [Reserved]. 

(g) Effect of Assignment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 10.6, as of the Assignment Effective Date:
(i) the assignee thereunder shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder to the extent of its interest in the Loans and Commitments as reflected in the Register and shall thereafter be a party hereto and a
Lender for all purposes hereof; (ii) the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to the assignee, relinquish its rights (other than any rights that survive the
termination hereof under Section 10.8) and be released from its obligations hereunder (and, in the case of an assignment covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lenders rights and obligations hereunder, such Lender shall
cease to be a party hereto on the Assignment Effective Date; provided, anything contained in any of the Credit Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, such assigning Lender shall continue to be entitled to the benefit of all indemnities
hereunder as specified herein with respect to matters arising out of the prior involvement of such assigning Lender as a Lender hereunder); (iii) the Commitments shall be modified to reflect any Commitment of such assignee and any remaining
Commitment of such assigning Lender, if any; and (iv) if any such assignment occurs after the issuance of any promissory note pursuant to Section 2.6, the assigning Lender shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly
thereafter as practicable, surrender its applicable promissory notes to Administrative Agent for cancellation, and thereupon Company shall issue and deliver new promissory notes in accordance with Section 2.6, if so requested by the assignee
and/or assigning Lender, to such assignee and/or to such assigning Lender, with appropriate insertions, to reflect the new or remaining Commitments and/or outstanding Loans of the assignee and/or the assigning Lender. 

117 

(h) Participations. 

(i) Each Lender shall have the right at any time to sell one or more participations to any Person in all or any part of its
Commitments, Loans or in any other Obligation. Each Lender that sells a participation pursuant to this Section 10.6(h) shall, acting solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a non-fiduciary agent of
Company, maintain a register on which it records the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participants participation interest with respect to any Loan or Commitment (each, a
Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a
participants interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations, Section 1.163-5 of the proposed United States Treasury Regulations or any applicable temporary, final
or other successor relations. Unless otherwise required by the Internal Revenue Service or applicable Requirements of Law, any disclosure required by the foregoing sentence shall be made by the relevant Lender directly and solely to the Internal
Revenue Service. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of a participation with respect to any Loan
or Commitment for all purposes under this Agreement, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant
Register. 

(ii) The holder of any such participation, other than an Affiliate of the Lender granting such participation,
shall not be entitled to require such Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder except with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver that would (A) extend the final scheduled maturity of any Loan, any promissory note
evidencing a Loan in which such participant is participating, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest or fees thereon (except in connection with a waiver of applicability of any
post-default increase in interest rates) or reduce the principal amount thereof, or increase the amount of the participants participation over the amount thereof then in effect (it being understood that
a waiver of any Default or Event of Default or of a mandatory reduction in the Commitment shall not constitute a change in the terms of such participation, and that an increase in any Commitment or Loan shall be permitted without the consent of any
participant if the participants participation is not increased as a result thereof), (B) consent to the assignment or transfer by any Credit Party of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, or (C) release all or
substantially all of the Collateral under the Collateral Documents or all or substantially all of the Guarantors from the Guaranty (in each case, except as expressly provided in the Credit Documents) supporting the Loans hereunder in which such
participant is participating. 

118 

(iii) Company agrees that each participant shall be entitled to the benefits
of Sections 2.17(d), 2.18 and 2.19 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section; provided, (x) a participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater
payment under Section 2.18 or 2.19 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such participant, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a
Change in Law that occurs after such participant acquired the participation, and (y) a participant shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.19 unless such participant agrees, for the benefit of Company, to comply with
Section 2.19 as though it were a Lender (it being understood that any documentation required under Section 2.19(c) and (d) shall be delivered to the participating Lender). To the extent permitted by law, each participant also shall be
entitled to the benefits of Section 10.4 as though such participant were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.16 as though it were a Lender. 

(i) Certain Other Assignments and Participations. In addition to any other assignment or participation permitted pursuant to this
Section 10.6, any Lender may assign, pledge and/or grant a security interest in, all or any portion of its Loans, the other Obligations owed by or to such Lender, and its promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 2.6, if any, to secure
obligations of such Lender including to any Federal Reserve Bank as collateral security pursuant to Regulation A of the Board of Governors and any operating circular issued by such Federal Reserve Bank; provided, that no Lender, as
between Company and such Lender, shall be relieved of any of its obligations hereunder as a result of any such assignment and pledge, and providedfurther, that in no event shall the applicable Federal Reserve Bank, pledgee or trustee
be considered to be a Lender or be entitled to require the assigning Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder. 

10.7Independence of Covenants. All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action
or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or would otherwise be within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default if
such action is taken or condition exists. 

10.8Survival of Certain Agreements. Notwithstanding anything herein or
implied by law to the contrary, the agreements of each Credit Party set forth in Sections 2.18, 2.19, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, and 10.10 and the agreements of Lenders set forth in Sections 2.16, 9.3 and 9.6 shall survive the Payment in Full of the
Obligations. 

10.9No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay on the part of any Agent or any Lender in the
exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall impair such power, right or privilege or be construed to be a waiver of any default or acquiescence therein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right or privilege. The rights, powers and remedies given to each Agent and each Lender hereby are cumulative and shall be in addition to and
independent of all rights, powers and remedies existing by virtue of any statute or rule of law or in any of the other Credit Documents. Any forbearance or failure to exercise, and any delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall
not impair any such right, power or remedy or be construed to be a waiver thereof, nor shall it preclude the further exercise of any such right, power or remedy. 

119 

10.10Marshalling; Payments Set Aside. None of any Agent nor any Lender
shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Credit Party or any other Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations. To the extent that any Credit Party makes a payment or payments to Administrative Agent
or Lenders (or to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Lenders), or any Agent or Lender enforces any security interests or exercises any right of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or setoff or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside and/or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, any other state or federal law, common law or any equitable
cause, then, to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor or related thereto, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment or payments had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 

10.11Severability. In the
event any provision in or obligation hereunder or under any Credit Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or
obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself
affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction). The parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid, legal and enforceable
provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as reasonably possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 

10.12Obligations Several; Actions in Concert. The obligations of Lenders hereunder are several and no Lender shall be
responsible for the obligations or Commitment of any other Lender hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other Credit Document, and no action taken by Lenders pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute Lenders as a partnership,
an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity. Anything in this Agreement or any other Credit Document to the contrary notwithstanding, each Lender hereby agrees with each other Lender that no Lender shall take any action to protect or
enforce its rights arising out of this Agreement or any promissory note issued pursuant to Section 2.6 or otherwise with respect to the Obligations without first obtaining the prior written consent of Administrative Agent or Requisite Lenders
(as applicable), it being the intent of Lenders that any such action to protect or enforce rights under this Agreement or any other Credit Document with respect to the Obligations shall be taken in concert and at the direction or with the consent of
Administrative Agent or Requisite Lenders (as applicable). 

10.13Headings. Section headings herein are included
herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 

10.14 APPLICABLE LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER (INCLUDING ANY CLAIMS SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW
OR TORT LAW ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND ANY DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO POST-JUDGMENT INTEREST) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED 

120 

AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK. 

10.15 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. SUBJECT TO CLAUSE (V) OF THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE, ALL JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS
BROUGHT AGAINST ANY PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING HERETO OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT, OR ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN ANY FEDERAL COURT OF THE U.S. SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN OR, IF THAT COURT DOES NOT HAVE SUBJECT MATTER
JURISDICTION, IN ANY STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE CITY AND COUNTY OF NEW YORK. BY EXECUTING AND DELIVERING THIS AGREEMENT, EACH CREDIT PARTY, FOR ITSELF AND IN CONNECTION WITH ITS PROPERTIES, IRREVOCABLY (I) ACCEPTS GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
THE EXCLUSIVE (SUBJECT TO CLAUSE (V) BELOW) JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF SUCH COURTS; (II) WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS; (III) AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT MAY BE MADE BY
REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO THE APPLICABLE CREDIT PARTY AT ITS ADDRESS PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10.1; (IV) AGREES THAT SERVICE AS PROVIDED IN CLAUSE (III) ABOVE IS SUFFICIENT TO CONFER PERSONAL
JURISDICTION OVER THE APPLICABLE CREDIT PARTY IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND OTHERWISE CONSTITUTES EFFECTIVE AND BINDING SERVICE IN EVERY RESPECT; AND (V) AGREES THAT AGENTS AND LENDERS RETAIN THE RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY CREDIT PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS UNDER ANY CREDIT DOCUMENT OR AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY
JUDGMENT, AND HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF, AND CONSENTS TO VENUE IN, ANY SUCH COURT. 

10.16 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF
THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY AGREES TO WAIVE ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OF THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR ANY DEALINGS BETWEEN THEM RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF
THIS LOAN TRANSACTION OR THE LENDER/BORROWER RELATIONSHIP THAT IS BEING ESTABLISHED. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT
RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A
BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP THAT EACH HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAIVER IN ITS RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH PARTY HERETO FURTHER

121 

WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. THIS
WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING (OTHER THAN BY A MUTUAL WRITTEN WAIVER SPECIFICALLY REFERRING TO THIS SECTION 10.16 AND EXECUTED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO), AND THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO
ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS HERETO OR ANY OF THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE LOANS MADE HEREUNDER. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A
WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT. 

10.17 Confidentiality. 

(a) Each Agent and each Lender shall hold all non public information regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries and their businesses
identified as such by the Company and obtained by such Agent or such Lender pursuant to the requirements hereof in accordance with such Agents or such Lenders customary procedures for handling confidential information of such nature, it
being understood and agreed by each Credit Party that, in any event, Administrative Agent may disclose any such information to the Lenders and other Agents, and any Agent or Lender may make (i) disclosures of such information to Affiliates and
Related Funds of such Lender or such Agent and to their respective officers, Directors, partners, members, employees, legal counsel, independent auditors and other advisors, experts, or agents on a confidential basis (and to other Persons authorized
by a Lender or Agent to organize, present or disseminate such information in connection with disclosures otherwise made in accordance with this Section 10.17), (ii) disclosures of such information reasonably required by any potential or
prospective assignee, transferee or participant in connection with the contemplated assignment, transfer or participation of any Loans or any participations therein or by any direct or indirect contractual counterparties (or the professional
advisors thereto) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Credit Party and its obligations (provided, such assignees, transferees, participants, counterparties and advisors are advised of and agree to be bound by either the provisions
of this Section 10.17 or other substantially similar confidentiality restrictions), (iii) disclosure on a confidential basis to any rating agency, (iv) disclosure on a confidential basis to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in
connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Loans, (v) disclosures in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Credit Document or any action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement or any other Credit Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) disclosures made pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency or in any pending legal or administrative proceeding, or otherwise as
required by applicable law or compulsory legal process (in which case such Person agrees to inform Company promptly thereof to the extent not prohibited by law), (vii) disclosures made upon the request or demand of any regulatory or quasi-regulatory
authority (including the NAIC) purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or any of its Affiliates, (viii) disclosures to members of the investment committee of a Lender (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is
made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential), (ix) disclosures to any Lenders financing sources; provided that prior to any disclosure such financing source is
informed of the 

122 

confidential nature of the information, (x) disclosures to the extent such information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or
(y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Credit Parties and (xi) disclosures with the consent of the relevant Credit Party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, on or after the Closing Date, Administrative Agent may, at its own expense issue news releases and publish tombstone advertisements and other announcements relating to this transaction in newspapers, trade
journals and other appropriate media (which may include use of logos of one or more of the Credit Parties). 

(b) Each Lender and the
Administrative Agent acknowledges that the information furnished to it pursuant to this Agreement or the other Credit Documents may include Material Non-Public Information, and confirms that it has developed
compliance procedures regarding the use of Material Non-Public Information and that it will handle such Material Non-Public Information in accordance with those
procedures and applicable requirements of law, including federal and state securities laws; provided, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, the Company and its Subsidiaries may deliver to any Lender
any information that would constitute Material Non-Public Information unless such Lender so notifies the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its election (an MNPI Opt-Out Election) to not receive such Material Non-Public Information (any such non-delivery shall not constitute a Default
or an Event of Default for any purposes under this Agreement or any other Credit Document). All information, including requests for waivers, consents, amendments and all periodic reporting and notices, furnished by the Credit Parties or the
Administrative Agent pursuant to, or in the course of administering, this Agreement or the other Credit Documents will be syndicate-level information, which may be Material Non-Public Information. Accordingly,
each Lender has identified a credit contact who may receive information that may contain Material Non-Public Information in accordance with its compliance procedures and applicable requirements of law,
including federal and state securities laws. At any time after delivery of an MNPI Opt-Out Election, a Lender may rescind such election by delivery of written notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent
and resume its receipt of Material Non-Public Information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrative Agent shall continue to receive Material
Non-Public Information at all times during the term of this Agreement. 

(c) The Company agrees
(i) to publicly file a Current Report on Form 8-K no later than 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on December 13, 2023 that will disclose all material information regarding the terms of this Agreement,
the Related Agreements and all other confidential information communicated to any Lender of any of their respective Affiliates to the extent that such confidential information constitutes material non-public
information, and (ii) that, upon the public filing of the Announcement 8-K, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates will not be under any contractual obligation to refrain from trading in any
securities issued by the Company or any of its Affiliates. 

10.18Usury Savings Clause. Notwithstanding any other
provision herein, the aggregate interest rate charged paid with respect to any of the Obligations, including all charges or fees in connection therewith deemed in the nature of interest or loan charges under applicable law shall not exceed the
Highest Lawful Rate. If the rate of interest (determined without regard to the preceding sentence) under this Agreement at any time exceeds the Highest Lawful Rate, the 

123 

outstanding amount of the Loans made hereunder shall bear interest at the Highest Lawful Rate until the total amount of interest due hereunder equals the amount of interest that would have been
due hereunder if the stated rates of interest set forth in this Agreement had at all times been in effect. In addition, if when the Obligations hereunder are Paid in Full the total interest due hereunder (taking into account the increase provided
for above) is less than the total amount of interest that would have been due hereunder if the stated rates of interest set forth in this Agreement had at all times been in effect, then to the extent permitted by law, Company shall pay to
Administrative Agent an amount equal to the difference between the amount of interest paid and the amount of interest that would have been paid if the Highest Lawful Rate had at all times been in effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the
intention of Lenders and Company to conform strictly to any applicable usury laws. Accordingly, if any Lender contracts for, charges, or receives any consideration that constitutes interest or loan charges in excess of the Highest Lawful Rate, then
any such excess shall be cancelled automatically and, if previously paid, shall at such Lenders option be applied to the outstanding amount of the Loans made hereunder or be refunded to Company. In determining whether the interest contracted
for, charged, or received by Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Highest Lawful Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather
than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest, throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations
hereunder. 

10.19Effectiveness; Counterparts. This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution of a
counterpart hereof by each of the parties hereto and receipt by Company and Administrative Agent of written notification of such execution and authorization of delivery thereof. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other
electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

10.20EntireAgreement. This Agreement, together with the other Credit Documents (including any such other Credit Document entered into prior to the date hereof) and the Related Agreements, reflect the entire understanding of the parties with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, made prior to the date hereof. 

10.21PATRIOT Act. Each Lender and Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies each
Credit Party that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Credit Party, which information includes the name and address of each Credit Party and other information
that will allow such Lender or Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Credit Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. 

10.22Electronic Execution of Assignments and Credit Documents.The words execution, signed,
signature, and words of like import in any Assignment Agreement or any other Credit Document shall in each case be deemed to include electronic signatures, signatures exchanged by electronic transmission, or the keeping of records in
electronic form, each of which 

124 

shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided
for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act;
provided, that Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may request, and upon any such request the Credit Parties shall be obligated to provide, manually executed wet ink signatures to any Credit Document. 

10.23No Fiduciary Duty. Each Agent, Lender, and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the
Lenders), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Credit Parties, their equity holders and/or their affiliates. Each Credit Party agrees that nothing in the Credit Documents or otherwise will be
deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and such Credit Party, its equity holders or its affiliates, on the other. The Credit Parties acknowledge and
agree that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arms-length commercial transactions between the
Lenders, on the one hand, and the Credit Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Credit Party, its
equity holders or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising
or will advise any Credit Party, its equity holders or its Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Credit Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Credit Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as
principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of any Credit Party, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it
deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. Each Credit Party agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services
of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to such Credit Party, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 

10.24 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any
Credit Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
that may be payable to it by any party hereto that is and the applicable Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full
or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

125 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or
other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by
it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document; or 

(iii)
the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

126 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY:

VERITONE, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS:

VERITONE ENTERPRISE, LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

VERITONE ONE, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

VERITONE DIGITAL, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

TABLE ROCK MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

S-1 

PANDOLOGIC, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

BROADBEAN, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

S-2 

as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent

By: [_____]

By: [_____]

By: 

Name:

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>veri-20250424.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>veri-20250424_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>veri-20250424_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g829909g0424001459971.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001615165

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 24, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Veritone, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38093

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-1161641

Entity Address, Address Line One 1615 Platte Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 2nd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Denver

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80202

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 507-1737

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol VERI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.veritone.com//20250424/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d829909d8k.htm 
veri-20250424.xsd 
veri-20250424_lab.xml 
veri-20250424_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-092376-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d829909d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001615165 

2025-04-24 
2025-04-24 

false 
0001615165 
8-K 
2025-04-24 
Veritone, Inc. 
DE 
001-38093 
47-1161641 
1615 Platte Street 
2nd Floor 
Denver 
CO 
80202 
(888) 
507-1737 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
VERI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>