<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-001969.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-001969.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401060700
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-001969
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855485
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				862967193
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40789
		FILM NUMBER:		25796389

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4475 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-794-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4475 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Light Acquisition Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210406
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185548500018554852025-03-282025-03-280001855485CLDI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-282025-03-280001855485CLDI:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-03-282025-03-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 28, 2025

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40789 86-2967193

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

4475
Executive Drive, Suite 200,

San
Diego, California 92121

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(858)794-9600

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share CLDI NYSE
American LLC

Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock CLDI
WS NYSE
American LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 28, 2025, Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with a single institutional investor (the Purchaser), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to
the Purchaser, (i) in a registered offering, 3,325,000 shares of the Companys common stock (the Shares), par value
$0.0001 per share (Common Stock), at a purchase price of $0.65 per Share, (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded
Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,728,000 shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of $0.649 per Pre-funded Warrant
and an exercise price of $0.001 per share (the Pre-funded Warrant Shares) and (iii) in a concurrent private placement, Series
G common stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 6,053,000 shares of Common Stock (the Series G Common Warrants or the
Common Warrants). Such registered direct offering and concurrent private placement are referred to herein as the Transactions.

The Pre-funded Warrants are exercisable immediately at an exercise price of $0.001 per share, and shall remain valid and exercisable until
all the Pre-funded Warrants are exercised in full. The Common Warrants are exercisable on the date that is six (6) months from the date
of issuance for a term of seven and on-half years from the initial exercise date and have an exercise price of $0.6954 per share of Common
Stock. The Common Warrants may be exercisable via cashless exercise in certain circumstances.

The closing of the Transactions took place on March 31, 2025. The gross proceeds from the Transactions were approximately $3.9 million,
before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company and excluding the net proceeds, if any, from
the exercise of the Common Warrants or Placement Agent Warrants (as defined below).

The
Shares, the Pre-funded Warrants and the Pre-funded Warrant Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284229), which was declared effective
by the Securities Exchange Commission on February 7, 2025. The Common Warrants and the Common Warrant Shares were issued in a concurrent
private placement and without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and in reliance
on the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and subject to certain exceptions as set forth therein, until seventy five (75) days following the
closing of the Transactions, the Company has agreed not to issue (or enter into any agreement to issue) any shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock equivalents. The Company has further agreed not to enter into an agreement involving a variable rate transaction until six
(6) months following the closing of the Transactions, provided however that the prohibition on at-the-market offerings
and the issuance of common stock pursuant to an equity line of credit shall expire on the six-month anniversary of the closing date of
this offering, and subject to certain exceptions, including, but not limited to, such
market standoff no longer applying if the closing price of the Companys Common Stock is equal to or greater than $1.25 for five
(5) consecutive trading days. In addition, each of the Companys directors and executive officers have entered into lock-up agreements
pursuant to which each of them has agreed not to, for a period of ninety (90) days, from the closing
of the Transactions, offer, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Companys securities, subject to certain exceptions.

On
March 28, 2025, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co. Inc., as the placement agent (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to
act on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the Transactions. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent
an aggregate cash fee of 8.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of securities in the Transactions, a 1% management fee of the gross
proceeds and reimburse certain out-of-pocket expenses. As additional compensation to the Placement Agent, in connection with the Transactions,
the Company issued to the Placement Agent (or its designees) a warrant (the Placement Agent Warrant) to purchase an aggregate
of 302,650 shares of Common Stock (the Placement Agent Warrant Shares), equal to 5% of the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock sold in the registered direct offering, at an exercise price per share equal to $0.8125, which is equal to 125% of the offering
price of the Shares. The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable six (6) months from the date of issuance and expire on the five-year
anniversary of Initial Exercise Date (as defined in the Placement Agent Warrant). The Placement Agent Warrant may be exercisable via
cashless exercise in certain circumstances. The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially
the same terms as the Common Warrants described above.

-2-

The
Company has agreed to file a registration statement providing for the resale of the Common Warrant Shares and the Placement Agent Warrant
Shares within 45 days of the date of the Purchase Agreement and to use commercially reasonable efforts to keep such registration statement
effective at all times until no Purchaser owns any Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares and until the Placement Agent does not own
the Placement Agent Warrant or any Placement Agent Warrant Shares. The Purchaser has agreed not to resell or distribute the Common Warrants
or the Common Warrant Shares to the public except pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption
therefrom. The Placement Agent has agreed not to resell or distribute the Placement Agent Warrants or the Placement Agent Warrant Shares
to the public except pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom.

Each
of the Placement Agency Agreement and the Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company,
customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Purchasers, including for liabilities arising under
the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained
in the Placement Agency Agreement and the Purchase Agreement were made only for the purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates,
were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Pre-funded Warrants, the Series G Common Warrants, the Placement Agent Warrant,
the Purchase Agreement and the Placement Agency Agreement, are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
full text of the form of Series G Common Warrant, form of Placement Agent Warrant, form of Purchase
Agreement and form of Placement Agency Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 10.1, and 10.2 respectively,
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

The
legal opinion of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP relating to the validity of the securities issued in the Transactions is filed herewith
as Exhibit 5.1.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Reference
is made to the disclosure under Item 1.01 above which is hereby incorporated in this Item 3.02 by reference.

The
Common Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants
have not been registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state, and are being offered and sold in reliance on
the exemption from registration under the Securities Act, afforded by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated
thereunder.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
March 28, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K.

On
March 31, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished as
Exhibit 99.2 to this Form 8-K.

Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form of Pre-funded Warrant.

4.2 Form of Series G Common Warrant.

4.3 Form of Placement Agent Warrant.

5.1 Opinion of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP.

10.1 Form of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

10.2 Form of Placement Agency Agreement.

23.1 Consent of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel, LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Pricing Press Release dated March 28, 2025.

99.2 Closing Press Release dated March 31, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

-3-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Dated:
April 1, 2025 

By: /s/
Andrew Jackson 

Name: Andrew
Jackson

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

-4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

FORM
OF PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant
Shares: _______ Initial
Exercise Date: ___, 2025

THIS
PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its
assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant is
exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Calidi Biotherapeutics,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and
expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

-1-

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Purchase
Agreement means the securities purchase agreement, dated as of March ___, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the
purchasers signatory thereto.

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333- 284229).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 55 Challenger
Road 2nd Floor, Ridgefield Park, New Jersey 07660, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first
of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then
listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)),
(b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices
for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting
prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share
of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants
then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

-2-

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable following
the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases
of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated
on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.001 per Warrant Share,
was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the
nominal exercise price of $0.001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of
this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price
under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be $0.001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,
either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of
the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of
the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading
hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of
regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

-3-

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery
of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
the date that is the earliest of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share
Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the
Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000
of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date)
for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement,
the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise
Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

-4-

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

-5-

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be [4.99%] [9.99%] of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of
the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

-6-

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

-7-

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to
sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the
outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written
agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the
term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead
to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the
Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d) regardless
of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a
Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

-8-

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

-9-

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

-10-

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

-11-

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 44475 Executive Drive, Suite 200, San Diego CA 92121, Attention: Wendy Pizarro, email address:
wpizarro@calidibio.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally,
by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of
such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and
effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address
set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent
by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to
be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

-12-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Andrew
Jackson

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

Signature
Page to Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant

-13-

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO: CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[
] the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to
exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set
forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________________________

Date:
_____________________________________________________________________________________

-14-

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: _____________________________ 

Holders
Address: _____________________________ 

-15-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH [__], 2025, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, COPIES OF WHICH ARE
AVAILABLE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED
IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

SERIES
G COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant
Shares: ____________ Issue
Date: March [__], 2025

THIS
SERIES G COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _______________
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after September ___, 20251 (the Initial Exercise Date)
and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is the _______2 year anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, the date that is the immediately following Trading Day (the Termination
Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to _________ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated March __, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable following
the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases
of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated
on the face hereof.

1
Insert the date that is six (6) months from the Issue Date

2
Insert the date that is the seven and one-half (7.5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that, in each case,
if such date is not a Trading Day, insert the immediately following Trading Day.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.6954, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in
whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either
(y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common
Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if
the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrant being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of
a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
the date that is the earliest of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share
Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the
Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000
of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date)
for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company with written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%, 14.99% or 19.99%) of the number of shares
of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section
2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions
of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be
defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder
of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to
sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the
outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder
by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of
this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction
is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be
entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at
the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of
the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination
thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration
in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which
Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A)
a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100%
and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the
Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying
price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option
time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination
Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds
(or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If during the term in which the Warrant may be exercised (A) the Company shall declare a dividend
(or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend
on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any
of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby
the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by
email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which
the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

g)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board
of Directors of the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to
the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant
and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is exercisable commencing on the Initial Exercise Date, it will reserve from its
authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority
to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common
Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance
herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the
Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Andrew Jackson

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

Signature
Page to Series G Common Stock Purchase Warrant

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
CALIDI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Series G Common
Stock Purchase Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable
transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ 
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[
] if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity:_________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:___________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory:_____________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory:______________________________________________________

Date:_________________________________________________________________________

Series
G Common Stock Purchase Warrant

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

Name: ______________________________________

(Please
Print)

Address: ______________________________________

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: ___________________________________________

Email
Address: ___________________________________________

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature:___________________________ 

Holders
Address:____________________________ 

Series
G Common Stock Purchase Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PLACEMENT
AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant
Shares: 302,650 Issue
Date: March 31, 2025

THIS
PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co., Inc. or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations
on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after October 1, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date)
and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is the five (5) year anniversary of the Issue Date, provided that,
if such date is not a Trading Day, the date that is the immediately following Trading Day (the Termination Date),
but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to 302,650 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is being
issued pursuant to the terms of that certain Investment Banking Agreement, dated October 16, 2024, as amended on November 12, 2024, January
7, 2025 and March 19, 2025 by and between the Company and the Holder (the Agreement).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading (a Trading Day) and (ii)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise
as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise
by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c)
below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of
the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable following the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered
to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available
hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the
applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares
purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day
of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the
provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.8125, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in
whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either
(y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common
Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if
the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrant being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

For
purposes of this Warrant, VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses
that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common
Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported
by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture
Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink
Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices),
the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common
Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then
outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
Equiniti Trust Co, or any successor transfer agent of the Company (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account
of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at
Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant
is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share
register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such
exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) one (1) Trading Day
after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the
Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to
deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to
the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day
on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is
a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement
Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading
Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company with written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with any individual or entity that, directly
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such individual or
entity as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act (Affiliates) and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons,
Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined
below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its
Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable
upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the
Company (including, without limitation, any other any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder
thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or
other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive, Common Stock (Common Stock Equivalents)) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder
that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules
required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any
Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is
exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no
obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as
contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual
report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), as the case may be, (B) a more
recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading
Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon
election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%, 14.99% or 19.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the
provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective
until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to
sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the
outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder
by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of
this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction
is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be
entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at
the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of
the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination
thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration
in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which
Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A)
a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100%
and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the
Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying
price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option
time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination
Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds
(or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If during the term in which the Warrant may be exercised (A) the Company shall declare a dividend
(or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend
on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any
of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby
the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by
email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which
the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

g)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board
of Directors of the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to
the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant
and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with applicable securities laws.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is exercisable commencing on the Initial Exercise Date, it will reserve from its
authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority
to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common
Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance
herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the
Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Andrew Jackson

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

Signature
Page to Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
CALIDI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Placement Agent
Common Stock Purchase Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with
all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ 
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ 
] if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity:_________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:___________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory:_____________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory:______________________________________________________

Date:_________________________________________________________________________

Placement
Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature:___________________________ 

Holders
Address:____________________________ 

Placement
Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

March
31, 2025

Calidi
Biotherapeutics, Inc.

4475
Executive Drive, Suite 200

San
Diego, California 92121

Re: Prospectus
Supplement to the Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with (i) the
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284229) (as amended, the Registration Statement), filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on January 10, 2025, pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and declared effective on February 7, 2025, relating to the registration by the Company of, among other things, common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), which may be issued from time to time as set forth in the Registration
Statement and the prospectus contained therein; and (ii) the Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 28, 2025 (the Purchase
Agreement) by and between the Company and the purchasers signatories thereto (the Purchasers), relating to the offer
and sale of an aggregate of 3,325,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Shares) and of pre-funded warrants
(the Pre-funded Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,728,000 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-funded Warrants
Shares), pursuant to the Registration Statement, and the prospectus contained therein, as supplemented by the prospectus supplement
dated March 28, 2025 filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) promulgated under the Securities Act (the Prospectus Supplement).
This opinion is being furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

We
have reviewed such documents and made such examination of law as we have deemed appropriate to give the opinion set forth below. We have
relied, without independent verification, on certificates of public officials and, as to matters of fact material to the opinion set
forth below, on certificates of officers of the Company.

The
opinion expressed below is limited to the federal securities laws of the United States of America and the laws of the state of Delaware.
We express no opinion as to the effect on the matters covered by the laws of any other jurisdiction.

Based
on the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold in the manner described in
the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement and the Sales Agreement will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
The Pre-Funded Warrants, when issued against payment therefor, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except that (i) such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency
or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general and (ii) the remedies of specific performance and
injunctive and other forms of injunctive relief may be subject to equitable defenses; and The Pre-funded Warrant Shares have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and, when issued, sold and delivered by the Company pursuant
to the exercise of the Pre-funded Warrants against payment therefor, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of
Common Stock.

The
opinion expressed herein is limited to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (including reported judicial decisions interpreting
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) and, with respect to the enforceability of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the laws of
the State of New York, and we express no opinion as to the effect on the matters covered by this letter of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2025 and
which is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. We also hereby consent to the reference
to our firm under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit
that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
of the Commission promulgated thereunder. This opinion is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated, and we disclaim
any undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable
laws.

Very
truly yours,

/s/
Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March __, 2025, between Calidi Biotherapeutics,
Inc. Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each,
including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) as to the Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares
and (ii) an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or
Regulation D thereunder as to the Common Warrants and the Common Warrant Shares, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser,
and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described
in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

1

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day that is
not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the voting common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means, the Series G Warrants.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Company
Counsel means Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, with offices located at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, consultants or directors of the
Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of
Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to
the Company, (b) warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and any shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the warrants to the Placement Agent, if applicable, and/or shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or exchange
of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement and set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) hereto, provided that such securities
have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144), and
carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in Section 4.12(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person)
which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business
of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in order for any issuance under (a) above to be considered an Exempt
Issuance, such issuances must be issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights
that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a)
herein.

2

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors and executive
officers of the Company.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $0.65, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, provided that the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase
Price minus $0.001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means Ladenberg Thalmann & Co., Inc.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in
accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and will expire when exercised in full,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

3

Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the
Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284229) which registers the sale of the Shares,
the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to the Purchasers.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Series
G Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series G Warrants.

Series
G Warrants means, collectively, a Series G Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock delivered to
the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Series G Warrants shall be exercisable six (6) months
from the Closing Date and have a term equal to seven and one -half (7.5) year from the date of initial exercisability, in the form of Exhibit
B attached hereto.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, but excluding the Warrant Shares.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

SMRH
means Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP, with offices located at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, New York 10112.

4

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants purchased hereunder
as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, minus a Purchasers
aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for
cash).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, and shall, where applicable,
also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, the Lock-Up Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any
other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Co, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 55 Challenger Road 2nd
floor Ridgefield Park, New Jersey 07660, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best Market
(OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices
for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Common Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and Common Warrant Shares.

5

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers,
severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $3,391,722.00 of Common Stock and Common Warrants; provided, however,
that, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchasers Subscription Amount (together
with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such
Purchasers Affiliates) would cause such Purchasers beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock to exceed the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser may elect,
by so indicating such election prior to their issuance, to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result
in the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, with respect to each Purchaser, at the election of such Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%;
14.99% and 19.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the
Shares on the Closing Date. In each case, the election to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser. Each
Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available
for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser
its respective Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants (if any), as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser
shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions
set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location (including
remotely by electronic transmission). Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via
Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares
registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the
Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver
such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire
transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this
Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the
Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued
hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser shall,
automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally
bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any
Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares
hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a
representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any
shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be
made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s)
of Exercise (as defined in the Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be
delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to
such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date
(as defined in the Warrants) for purposes thereunder.

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Placement Agent and Purchasers;

(iii)
subject to Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead
and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv)
subject to Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an
expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to
such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v)
if applicable, for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such
Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable
to Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.001, with an exercise price equal to $0.001 per share of Common
Stock, subject to adjustment therein;

6

(vi)
a Series G Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to 100% of such Purchasers Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants on the date hereof, with an exercise price equal to $0.6954 per
share of Common Stock, subject to adjustment therein;

(vii)
the duly executed Lock-Up Agreements; and

(viii)
the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount (less the aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants issuable to such Purchaser hereunder,
if applicable), which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless
such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to
the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to
the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

7

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and
all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and
free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references
to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

8

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the notice
and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and
Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) Shareholder Approval, if required and (v) such filings
as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the
Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on October 10, 2024, including
the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement, including the Prospectus
Supplement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required
by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and
did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement and any amendments or supplements
thereto, at the time the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing
Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and
it meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and
during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3.

9

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as
of the date hereof. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act,
other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of
Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise
of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has
any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g),
there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue
shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or
instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Other than the Board of Directors initial approval
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, no further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has
received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As
of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time
of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

10

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has
had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company equity compensation plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no
event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with
respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition
that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed
made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i)
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii)
could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or
liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of
the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or, except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, is expected to expire or terminate
or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the
date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge
that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected
to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there
is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where
failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has
no knowledge of any facts that would preclude it from having valid license rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights.
The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or will be unable to obtain any rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights
that are necessary to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage in an amount deemed commercially reasonable. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires
or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

12

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r) and SEC Reports, none of the officers
or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary
is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to
or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any
such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess
of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on
behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, and any and all applicable
rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The
Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted
only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the
Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e)) for the Company
and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. Except for compensation payable by the Company to the Placement Agent as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement,
no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor
or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf
of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(v), no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary
to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

13

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(w), the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received
notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(w), the Company is, and
has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance
requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established
clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing
corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed in the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing
representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company
to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement
taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not
misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of the
Common Warrants or the Common Warrant Shares under the Securities Act or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading
Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

14

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other
contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
any Indebtedness.

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside In its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is Marcum LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the
Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion
with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

15

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(hh)
FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical
Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed
by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices,
good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened,
action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation)
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter
or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration,
or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and
promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws
or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical
hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of
the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United
States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving
or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(ii)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

16

(jj)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(kk)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the past three years were,
in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, as applicable,
the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy Laws);
(ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance
with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis
of Personal Data (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers,
employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient
notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions
of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural
persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer
or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade
Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece of information that allows
the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related
to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. None of such disclosures made or contained in any of the Policies have
been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction
Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, (i) has, to the knowledge
of the Company, received written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential
violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in
part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy
Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority
that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(ll)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(nn)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total
equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject
to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

17

(oo)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the
ordinary course of its business. Such Purchaser understands that the Common Warrants and the Common Warrant Shares are restricted
securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such
Securities as principal for his, her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any
part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any
of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Securities
pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2),
(a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as
defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

18

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither
the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the
Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to
such Purchaser.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
pricing terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g)
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Common Warrants or the Common Warrant Shares as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Common Warrants or the Common Warrant Shares published in any newspaper, magazine
or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other
general solicitation or general advertisement.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

19

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Removal of Legends.

(a)
The Warrants and the Warrant Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with
any transfer of Warrants or Warrant Shares other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or
to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor
thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form
and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration
of such transferred Warrant under the Securities Act.

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Warrants and the Warrant
Shares in the following form:

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Warrants or the Warrant Shares to a financial institution that is an
accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement,
such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Warrants or the Warrant Shares to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer
would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall
be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense,
the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Warrants and the Warrant Shares may
reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Warrants or the Warrant Shares.

(c)
Certificates evidencing the Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i)
while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, or (ii) following any sale
of such Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or (iii) if such Warrant Shares are eligible
for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall
cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly if required by the Transfer Agent to effect
the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at
a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant Shares, or if such Warrant Shares may be
sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants) or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Warrant
Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this
Section 4.1(c), the Company will, no later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate
representing Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date),
deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other
legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions
on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Warrant Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed
by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in
a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of
delivery of a certificate representing Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

20

(d)
In addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities are
submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date
until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered)
to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Purchaser that
is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares
of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock,
that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then an amount equal to the excess of such
Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common
Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price)
over the product of (A) such number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal
Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date
of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Warrant Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such
delivery and payment under this Section 4.1(d).

(e)
The Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares shall be issued free of legends.

4.2
Furnishing of Information.

(a)
Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to timely
file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act.

(b)
At any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the
Warrant Shares (assuming cashless exercise) may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1)
and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current
public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes an issuer
in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure)
then, in addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Warrant Shares, an amount in cash
equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Exercise Price of such Purchasers Warrants on the day of a Public Information Failure
and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date
such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer
the Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.2(b) are referred
to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier
of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd)
Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails
to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate
of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue
actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at
law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

21

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares or that would be integrated
with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder
approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent
transaction.

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, including,
without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees or Affiliates, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any
of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that
each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each
Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and
neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect
to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required
by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser
in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except
(a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with
prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material pricing terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other
Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company
reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing
to the receipt of such information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands
and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To
the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates
delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and
agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
officers, directors, Affiliates, employees or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, Affiliates, employees or agents, including, without limitation, the
Placement Agent, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject
to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

22

4.7
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale
of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of
the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices),
(b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in
violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may
have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct) ) or (c) in connection with
any registration statement of the Company providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Common Warrant Shares issued and issuable
upon exercise of the Common Warrants, the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys
fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary
prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon
information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or
(ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule
or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity
may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have
the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser
Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically
authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ
counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position
of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses
of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement
by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;
or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach
of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement. The indemnification
required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense,
as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided, that if any Purchaser Party is finally judicially determined not to be entitled
to indemnification or payment under this Section 4.8, such Purchaser Party shall promptly reimburse the Company for any payments that
are advanced under this sentence. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right
of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

23

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all
of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such
Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will
then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of
the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take
all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects
with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees
to use best efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another
established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other
established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until seventy-five (75) days following the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i)
issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents (including by means of any exchange or cancellation of existing securities, pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) or otherwise),
(ii) reduce the conversion ratio of any outstanding indebtedness or (iii) file any registration statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto, in each case other than the Prospectus or the filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any
employee compensation plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Company may file a post-effective registration statement to an
existing a resale registration statement that has been declared effective prior to the date hereof (ii) the provision of this Section shall no longer apply if the closing price of the Companys Common Stock
on the principal Trading Market is equal to or greater than $1.25 for five (5) consecutive Trading Days.

(b)
From the date hereof until the six (6) months anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which
the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include
the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price
that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some
future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly
or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction
under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an at-the-market facility, whereby the
Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been
issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, the entry into and/or issuance of
shares of Common Stock in an at-the-market facility with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable
Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which
remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

24

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.12
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered
to all of the parties to this Agreement. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser
by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall
not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of
Securities or otherwise.

4.13
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Transaction Documents and the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding
the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any
securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to
the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions
in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser
shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent after
the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that
is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and
the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of
such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.14
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.15
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except
to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If
any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek
specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

4.16
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Common Warrants and Common Warrant Shares
as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action
as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Common Warrants and Common
Warrant Shares for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of
the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

25

4.17
Registration Statement. As soon as practicable (and in any event within 45 calendar days of the date of this Agreement), the Company
shall file a registration statement on Form S-1 providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Common Warrant Shares issued and issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration to become effective (the
Resale Effective Date) within 90 days (120 days if the Commission issues a full review) following
the Closing Date and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until no Purchaser owns any Common Warrants and Common
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in the aggregate of the then outstanding
Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party
against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 50.1% in interest of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

26

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations, warranties and
covenants of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section
5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
(including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic
Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed
to have been duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such
signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

27

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and
the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance
of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

28

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to
communicate with the Company through SMRH. SMRH does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company
and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing,
each of the Purchasers has been advised, and is being advised by this Agreement, to consult with an attorney before executing this Agreement,
and each Purchaser has consulted (or had the opportunity to consult) with counsel of such Purchasers choice concerning the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents for a reasonable period of time prior to the execution hereof and
thereof.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

29

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. INC. Address
for Notice:

4475
Executive Drive, Suite 200

By: San
Diego, CA 92121

Name: Allan
J. Camasia Attn:
Wendy Pizarro, Esq.

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

Chief
Adminstrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer

E-Mail: wpizarro@calidibio.com

Telephone:
858-794-9600

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, New York 10036

Attention: Jay Yamamoto

Telephone: 212-930-9700

Email: jyamamoto@srfc.com

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

30

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO CLDI SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Common
Stock: _________________

Pre-Funded
Warrants Shares: _______________

Series
G Warrant Shares: ________________

Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% 14.99% or 19.99%

EIN Number: _______________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing
contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed
of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead
be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate
or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

31

Schedule
I

Free
Writing Prospectus

None

32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

March 27, 2025

Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co. Inc.

999
Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 200

Naples,
Florida 34105

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Introduction. Subject to
the terms and conditions herein (this Agreement), Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
hereby agrees to sell (A) up to 3,325,000 shares (the Shares) of common stock of voting common stock (Common
Stock), (and (B), at the election of the Investor, in lieu of the Common Stock, up to 2,728,000 pre-funded warrants to purchase
2,728,000 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants); and (C) Series G Common Stock purchase warrants (the Warrants)
to purchase up to an aggregate of 6,053,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares). Each Pre-Funded Warrant
will be exercisable upon issuance and will expire when exercised in full. The Warrant will be exercisable on the six (6) month anniversary
of the date of issuance and will expire on the seven and one-half (7.5) year anniversary of the date of exercise. The Shares, the Pre-Funded
Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Warrants, and the Warrant Shares The Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants, the shares of Common
stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of the Warrants (together
with the Pre-funded Warrant Shares the Warrant Shares) are collectively referred to the Securities and will
be sold directly to various investors (each, an Investor and, collectively, the Investors) through Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co. Inc. (the Placement Agent) as placement agent. The documents executed and delivered by the Company and
the Investors in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without limitation, a securities purchase agreement(s) (the
Purchase Agreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. The Placement
Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Offering (as defined
below).

The
Company hereby confirms its agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section
1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.

(a)
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by
the Company of the Shares , or Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares pursuant to the Companys registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284229) (the Registration Statement) (such offering, the
Registered Offering) and a concurrent private placement of the Warrants (such private placement, the
Private Placement and, together with the Registered Offering, the Offering) with the terms
of the Offering to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company, the Placement Agent and the prospective
Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a reasonable best efforts basis and the Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no
guarantee of the successful placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof, in the prospective Offering. Under no circumstances
will the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates (as defined below) be obligated to underwrite or purchase any of the
Securities for its own account or otherwise provide any financing. The Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys agent
and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company with respect to any prospective offer to
purchase Securities and the Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any such offer,
in whole or in part. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Securities
shall be made at one or more closings (each a Closing and the date on which each Closing occurs, a
Closing Date). As compensation for services rendered, on each Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the
Placement Agent the fees and expenses set forth below:

(i)
A cash fee equal to 8.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities at the closing of the Offering
(the Closing), provided however such fee shall be reduced to 4% of the gross proceeds for the investors listed on
Exhibit A.

1

(ii)
A management fee equal to 1% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities at the Closing for all investors
previously contacted by the Placement Agent.

(iii)
Such number of Common Stock purchase warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants) to the Placement Agent or its
designees at the Closing to purchase shares of Common Stock equal to 5% of the aggregate number of Securities sold in the Offering
(including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of any Pre-Funded Warrants). The Placement Agent Warrants shall have
the same terms as the Warrants issued to the Investors in the Offering except that the exercise price shall be 125% of the public
offering price per share and shall have an expiration date of five years from the effective date of the Registration Statement (as
further defined below).

(iv)
The Company also agrees to reimburse Placement Agents actual and incurred expenses up to $75,000 (inclusive of Placement Agents
legal counsel fees) which shall be payable upon Closing of the Offering, provided that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the
indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement.

(v)
Upon the Closing of the Offering, if within nine (9) months following such time, the Company completes any financing of equity, equity-linked
or debt or other capital raising activity with, or receives any proceeds from, any of the investors contacted or introduced by the Placement
Agent, then the Company will pay the Placement Agent upon the closing of such financing or receipt of such proceeds the compensation
equivalent to that set forth in this Section. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company has the right to
terminate this Agreement for cause in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B).

(b)
The term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement will be as provided in Section 2 of that certain Investment Banking Agreement
dated October 16, 2024 between the Company and the Placement Agent, as amended on November 12, 2024, January 7, 2025 and March 19, 2025 (the Investment Banking Agreement). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein
and the Companys obligations contained in the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement,
and the Companys obligation to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable
pursuant to Section 1 hereof and which are permitted to be reimbursed under FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(D)(i), will survive any expiration
or termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates
to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship with
Persons (as defined below) other than the Company. As used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation, partnership,
trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency
or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through
one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed
under Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2

Section
2. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement
Agent as of the date hereof, and as of each Closing Date, as follows:

(a)
Securities Law Filings. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which was filed on January 10, 2025 and declared effective on February 7, 2025 for
the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act. Following the determination of pricing among the Company and the prospective
Investors introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent, the Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act, and the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated thereunder,
a prospectus supplement relating to the placement of the Securities, their respective pricing and the plan of distribution thereof and will
advise the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein.
Such registration statement, at any given time, including the exhibits thereto filed at such time, as amended at such time, is hereinafter
called the Registration Statement; such prospectus in the form in which it appears in the Registration Statement
at the time of effectiveness, together with any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Offering, if any (the Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement) is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and the final prospectus supplement,
in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base Prospectus as it may be amended
or supplemented) is hereinafter called the Final Prospectus Supplement. The Registration Statement at the time it
originally became effective is hereinafter called the Original Registration Statement. Any reference in this Agreement
to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, if any
or the Final Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated
Documents), if any, which were or are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), at any given time, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the
Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Final Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document
under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement
or the Final Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement
to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described,
referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement or the Final Prospectus Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include
all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Final Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be. As used
in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement, Time of Sale Disclosure Package means the Base Prospectus, any
preliminary prospectus supplement, any securities purchase agreement between the Company and the Investors, and any issuer free writing
prospectus as defined in Rule 433 of the Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), if any, that the parties
hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Time of Sale Disclosure Package. The term any Prospectus
Supplement shall mean, as the context requires, the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus Supplement, and any supplement to
either thereof. The Company has not received any notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or intends to commence a proceeding
for any such purpose.

(b)
Assurances. The Original Registration Statement, as amended, (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains
all exhibits and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto,
at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and
did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading. The Base Prospectus, and the Prospectus Supplement, each as of its respective date, comply
or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations. Each of the Base Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material
respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder, and none of such documents,
when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or Prospectus
Supplement), in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental
change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. There are no documents required to be filed
with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities
Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in
the Base Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been
described or filed as required.

3

(c)
Offering Materials. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute,
prior to each Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Base Prospectus,
the Prospectus Supplement, the Registration Statement, copies of the documents incorporated by reference therein and any other materials
permitted by the Securities Act.

(d)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Final Prospectus Supplement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
and under the Final Prospectus Supplement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Companys Board of Directors or an authorized committee thereof (the Board of
Directors) or the Companys stockholders in connection therewith other than (i) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to the Nasdaq
Capital Market (the Trading Market) for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Securities
for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state
securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals). This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the
terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions
may be limited by applicable law.

(e) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant
to the Final Prospectus Supplement, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby to which it is a party do not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or
any subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii)
conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result
in the creation of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other
restriction upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any subsidiary (Lien), or give to others any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the
Company or any subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any subsidiary is bound or affected, or
(iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a subsidiary is subject
(including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a subsidiary is
bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in : (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on
a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect).

(f)
Certificates. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement
Agent shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

(g)
Reliance. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations
and warranties and hereby consents to such reliance.

(h)
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus Supplement has been made
or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

(i)
Statistical or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Final Prospectus Supplement, are based on or derived from sources that the
Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable and accurate.

4

(j)
FINRA Affiliations. There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm that is participating in the Registered Offering among
the Companys officers or directors, or to the knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5%) or greater stockholder of the Company.

(k)
Representations, Warranties and Covenants Incorporated by Reference. Each of the representations, warranties and covenants (together
with any related disclosure schedules thereto) made by the Company to the Investors in the Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated
herein by reference (as though fully restated herein) and is hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

Section
3. Delivery and Payment. Each Closing shall occur at the offices of Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP, 30 Rockefeller Plaza,
New York, New York 10112 (Placement Agent Counsel) (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement
Agent and the Company). Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at each Closing payment of the purchase price for the Securities
sold on such Closing Date shall be made by Federal Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Securities, and such Securities shall
be registered in such name or names and shall be in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day
before the time of purchase (as defined below).

Deliveries
of the documents with respect to the purchase of the Securities, if any, shall be made at the offices of Placement Agent Counsel. All
actions taken at a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

Section
4. Covenants and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a)
Registration Statement Matters. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time
when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective or any supplement or any Prospectus Supplement or
any amended Prospectus Supplement has been filed and will furnish the Placement Agent with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly
all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section
13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of any Prospectus Supplement and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus
is required in connection with the Offering. The Company will advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i)
of any request by the Commission to amend the Registration Statement or to amend or supplement any Prospectus or for additional information,
and (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto or any order directed at any Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any order preventing
or suspending the use of the Base Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction,
of the institution or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the Commission for the amending
or supplementing of the Registration Statement or a Prospectus Supplement or for additional information. The Company shall use its best
efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the Commission shall enter any such
stop order or order or notice of prevention or suspension at any time prior to the completion of the Offering, the Company will use its
best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment, or will file a new registration statement and use its
best efforts to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that
in connection with the Offering, it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities
Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings
made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by the Commission.

5

(b)
Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to qualify the Securities
for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Investors may reasonably
request and will make such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose,
provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in
any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not
be required to produce any new disclosure document other than a Prospectus Supplement. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and
file such statements, reports and other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period
as the Placement Agent may reasonably request for distribution of the Securities. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly
of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading
in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order
suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at
the earliest possible moment.

(c)
Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus Supplement and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities
as contemplated in this Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus Supplement. If during the period in which a prospectus
is required by law to be delivered in connection with the distribution of Securities contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or any
Prospectus Supplement (the Prospectus Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment
of the Company or in the reasonable opinion of the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary to amend
or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus Supplement in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated
Documents or any Prospectus Supplement or to file under the Exchange Act any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company
will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, and furnish at its own expense to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate
amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus Supplement
that is necessary in order to make the statements in the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus Supplement as so amended or supplemented,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or so that the Registration Statement,
the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus Supplement, as so amended or supplemented, will comply with law. Before amending the Registration
Statement or supplementing the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus Supplement in connection with the Offering, the Company will
furnish the Placement Agent with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file any such amendment or supplement to
which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

(d)
Copies of any Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus Supplement. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge,
during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of the
Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus Supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto (including any Incorporated Documents,
if any) as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e)
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement
Agent, make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Company Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with
the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent expressly consents
in writing to any such free writing prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that
it shall (i) treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Company Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements
of Rule 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing
with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

(f)
Transfer Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock for at least the
next three (3) years.

6

(g)
No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in,
or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities
of the Company.

(h)
Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit
and use of the Board of Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement
Agents prior written consent.

(i)
Announcement of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public
its involvement with the Offering.

(j)
Reliance on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(k)
Research Matters. By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent does not
provide any promise, either explicitly or implicitly, of favorable or continued research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby
acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents selection as a placement agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly
or implicitly, on the Placement Agent providing favorable or any research coverage of the Company. In accordance with FINRA Rule 2711(e),
the parties acknowledge and agree that the Placement Agent has not directly or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating
or a specific price target, or threatened to change research, a rating or a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt
of business or compensation.

Section
5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the
accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date
hereof and as of each Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations
hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a)
Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus Supplement (in accordance
with Rule 424(b)) and free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), if any, shall have
been duly filed with the Commission, as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any
part thereof shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no
order preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus Supplement shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have
been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities
or any other securities of the Company shall have been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock
exchange and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated
by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information on the part
of the Commission shall have been complied with; and the FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the
placement terms and arrangements.

(b)
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement
and each Prospectus Supplement, and the registration, sale and delivery of the Securities, shall have been completed or resolved in a
manner reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and
information as it may reasonably have requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(c)
No Material Adverse Effect. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to each Closing Date, in the
Placement Agents sole judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business
activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration
Statement and Prospectus.

7

(d)
Opinion of Counsel for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date the favorable opinion of legal
counsel to the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed to the Placement
Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(e)
Officers Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated
as of such Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the
Placement Agent shall be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents,
any Prospectus Supplement, and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i)
The representations and warranties of the Company in the Purchase Agreement and this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and
as of such Closing Date, and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed
or satisfied at or prior to such Closing Date;

(ii)
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement
has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
under the Securities Act; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities
of the Company has been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and
no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities
commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States;

(iii)
When the Registration Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such
certificate, the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with
the Commission, and any Prospectus Supplement, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material respects
conformed to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and any Prospectus
Supplement, did not and do not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided,
however, that the preceding representations and warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions
made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use
therein) and, since the effective date of the Registration Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and
the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder to be set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth;
and

(iv)
Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any
Prospectus Supplement, there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Effect; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the
subsidiaries taken as a whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent,
that is material to the Company and the subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any subsidiary, except obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the
exercise of outstanding stock options, warrants or other securities which may be convertible into capital stock) or outstanding indebtedness
of the Company or any subsidiary; (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company;
or (f) any loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company or any subsidiary which has been sustained or will
have been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(f)
Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and the Company shall not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the
effect of terminating, the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common
Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall the Company have received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market
is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

(g)
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(i)
From the date hereof until seventy-five (75) days following the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i)
issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents (including by means of any exchange or cancellation of existing securities, pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) or otherwise),
(ii) reduce the conversion ratio of any outstanding indebtedness or (iii) file any registration statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto, in each case other than the Prospectus or the filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any
employee compensation plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Company may file a post-effective registration statement to an
existing a resale registration statement that has been declared effective prior to the date hereof (ii) the provision of this Section shall no longer apply if the closing price of the Companys Common Stock
on the principal Trading Market is equal to or greater than $1.25 for five (5) consecutive Trading Days.

(ii)
From the date hereof until the six (6) months anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction
in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or
include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other
price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the
initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset
at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events
directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction
under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market facility, whereby the
Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been
issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, the entry into and/or
issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at-the-market facility with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed
a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(iii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

(h)
Chief Financial Officers Certificate. As of the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate from
the Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifying as to certain financial matters set forth therein and, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(i) Secretarys Certificate. On Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Secretary or another authorized officer of the Company, dated such Closing Date certifying on behalf of the
Company and not in an individual capacity: (i) that the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company is true and complete, has
not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the
Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; and (iii) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents
referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

(j)
Additional Documents. On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received
such information and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of
the Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction
of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

9

If
any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by
the Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 6 (Payment of Expenses), Section 7 (Indemnification and Contribution)
and Section 8 (Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section
6. Securities Offerings. Following the closing of the Offering for aggregate gross proceeds equal to or exceeding $4,000,000, if
at any time from twelve (12) months following the date of such closing, should the Company, in its sole discretion, propose to effect
a further financing, the Company shall offer to the Placement Agent the opportunity to participate as a sole bookrunner or exclusive
placement agent or exclusive sales agent in respect of such financing on terms and conditions mutually acceptable to the Company and
the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent may decline such participation interest in its sole and absolute discretion and will notify
the Company as to its decision as to whether to participate no later than the fifth business day following notification of such proposed
financing. The terms of such engagements shall be set forth in separate agreements and may be subject to, among other things, satisfactory
completion of due diligence by the Placement Agent, market conditions, the absence of adverse change to the Companys business
or financial condition, approval of the Placement Agents internal committee and any other conditions that the Placement Agent
may reasonably deem appropriate for transactions of such nature. The Company will notify the Placement Agent in writing of its intention
to pursue such further financing, and the Placement Agent will advise the Company promptly of the Placement Agents election to
participate in such financing (but in no event no later than five (5) business days following the Companys notice to the Placement
Agent). If such proposed financing is not accepted by the Placement Agent, but later materially modified as to the scope and nature of
the proposed financing, the Company will re-submit such then proposed financing in writing to the Placement Agent and the Placement Agent
will be subject to the same five (5) business day notice provision to advise of its election to participate in the proposed financing.
The Placement Agents election not to participate with respect to a particular proposed financing will not adversely affect its
rights hereunder with respect to any other proposed financing of the Company during the period referred to above. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, the Company has the right to terminate this Agreement for cause in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B).

Section
7. Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance
of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses
incident to the issuance, delivery and qualification of the Securities (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and
expenses of the registrar and transfer agent of the Common Stock; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection
with the issuance and sale of the Securities; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified
public accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping
and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts),
the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus Supplement and each prospectus Supplement and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this
Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Placement Agent in connection
with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Securities
for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the securities laws of any other country, and, if requested by the
Placement Agent, preparing and printing a Blue Sky Survey, an International Blue Sky Survey
or other memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Placement Agent of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions;
(vii) if applicable, the filing fees incident to the review and approval by the FINRA of the Placement Agents participation in
the offering and distribution of the Securities; (viii) the fees and expenses associated with including the Shares and the Warrant Shares
on the Trading Market; (ix) all costs and expenses incident to the travel and accommodation of the Companys and the Placement
Agents employees on the roadshow, if any; and (x) all other fees, costs and expenses of the Company related
to the Offering. The Company agrees to reimburse the Placement Agent promptly, upon request from time to time, for all reasonable, out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by the Placement Agent (including travel, databases, fees and disbursements of counsel, and of other consultants and
advisors retained by the Placement Agent etc.) in connection with the matters contemplated by this Agreement with a pre-closing expenses
allowance of up to $50,000 and an additional closing expenses allowance of up to $25,000.

10

Section
8. Indemnification and Contribution. The Company agrees to indemnify the Placement Agent in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit
A to the Investment Banking Agreement, which is incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof.

Section
9. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other
statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant
to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent,
the Company, or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery
of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to a Placement Agent, or to the Company,
its directors or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution and
reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

Section
10. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, telecopied or e-mailed and confirmed
to the parties hereto as follows:

If
to the Placement Agent to the address set forth above, attention: General Counsel, facsimile: (305) 572-4220

With
a copy to: 

Sheppard,
Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

30
Rockefeller Plaza

New
York, New York 10112

E-Mail: rafriedman@sheppardmullin.com and scohen@sheppardmullin.com

Attention:
Richard Friedman and Stephen Cohen

If
to the Company,

Calidi
Biotherapeutics, Inc.

4475
Executive Drive, Suite 200

San
Diego, CA 92121

Attention:
Wendy Pizarro, Esq.,

Chief
Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer

Telephone:
(858) 794-9600

Email:
wpizarro@calidibio.com

With
a copy to: 

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, New York 10036

Attention:
Jay Yamamoto

Telephone:
(212) 930-9700

Email:
jyamamoto@srfc.law

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section
11. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees,
officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative,
and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section
12. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of
this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and
only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

11

Section
13. Governing Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and delivered in New York City and both this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects
by the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Placement Agent
and the Company: (i) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and/or the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action
or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company
further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in
the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees
that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective
service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement Agent mailed by
certified mail to the Placement Agents address shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Placement Agent,
in any such suit, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company agrees that neither
the Placement Agent nor its affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of the Placement
Agent, its affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling the Placement Agent or any of its affiliates, shall have any liability
(whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction
described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by us that are finally judicially
determined to have resulted from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. If either party shall commence
an action or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

Section
14. General Provisions.

(a)
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Investment Banking Agreement between the Company and the Placement Agent, shall continue to be effective and the terms therein shall
continue to survive and be enforceable by the Placement Agent in accordance with its terms, including, without limitation, Sections 4
and 5 therein with respect to future offerings. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be
an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended
or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived
in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only
and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(b)
The Company acknowledges that in connection with the offering of the Securities: (i) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length, are
not agents of, and owe no fiduciary duties to the Company or any other person, (ii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those duties
and obligations set forth in this Agreement and (iii) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The
Company waives to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from an alleged
breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

12

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all
counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very
truly yours, 

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.,

a
Delaware corporation

By: 

Name:
Andrew Jackson

Title:
Chief
Financial Officer

The
foregoing Placement Agency Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

LADENBURG
THALMANN & CO. INC. 

By:

Name:
Nicholas
Stergis 

Title:
Managing
Director 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Calidi
Biotherapeutics Announces Pricing of $3.9 Million Registered Direct Offering and Concurrent Private Placement

SAN
DIEGO, March 28, 2025 Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NYSE AMERICAN: CLDI) (Calidi or the Company),
a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a new generation of targeted immunotherapies, today announced that it has entered
into a definitive securities purchase agreement with a single institutional investor for the purchase and sale of 3,325,000 shares of
the Companys common stock at a per share purchase price of $0.65, and at the election of the investor, in lieu of the common stock,
pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 2,728,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of $0.649 per pre-funded warrant, which represents
the per share offering price for the common stock less the $0.001 per share exercise price for each such pre-funded warrant, in a registered
direct offering.

Ladenburg Thalmann &
Co. Inc. is acting as exclusive placement agent for the offerings.

In
addition, in a concurrent private placement, the Company will issue to the investors series G warrants to purchase up to 6,053,000
shares of common stock. The series G warrants have an exercise price of $0.6954 per share, will be exercisable six months following the
date of issuance and will have a term of seven and one-half years from the date of exercisability. The securities issued in this transaction
do not contain any variable or priced based resets.

The
closing of the registered direct offering and the concurrent private placement is expected to occur on or about March 31, 2025,
subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The
gross proceeds to Calidi from the registered direct offering and the concurrent private placement, before deducting the placement
agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company, are expected to be approximately $3.9 million. Calidi intends to
use the net proceeds from the offerings for working capital and for general corporate purposes and to advance its pre-clinical and clinical
programs.

The
securities described above (excluding the series G warrants and the shares of common stock underlying the series G warrants) are being
offered pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284229), which was declared effective by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 7, 2025. The registered direct offering is being made only by means
of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, which is part of the effective registration statement, that will be filed with the
SEC. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may be obtained, when available, on the SECs
website at http://www.sec.gov or by contacting Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Prospectus Department, 640 Fifth Avenue,
4th Floor, New York, New York 10019 or by email at prospectus@ladenburg.com.

The
series G warrants described above are being offered in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act), and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying such series G
warrants, have not been registered under the Act, or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the series G warrants and the underlying
shares of common stock may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable
exemption from the registration requirements of the Act and such applicable state securities laws.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described therein, nor
shall there be any sales of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to
registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

About
Calidi Biotherapeutics

Calidi
Biotherapeutics (NYSE American: CLDI) is a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company with proprietary technology designed to arm the immune
system to fight cancer. Calidis novel stem cell-based platforms are utilizing potent allogeneic stem cells capable of carrying
payloads of oncolytic viruses for use in multiple oncology indications, including high-grade gliomas and solid tumors. Calidis
clinical stage off-the-shelf, universal cell-based delivery platforms are designed to protect, amplify, and potentiate oncolytic viruses
leading to enhanced efficacy and improved patient safety. Calidis preclinical off-the-shelf enveloped virotherapies, are designed
to target disseminated solid tumors. This dual approach can potentially treat, or even prevent, metastatic disease. Calidi Biotherapeutics
is headquartered in San Diego, California. For more information, please visit www.calidibio.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release may contain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Terms such as anticipates, believe, continue,
could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan,
possible, potential, predicts, project, should, towards,
would as well as similar terms, are forward-looking in nature, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning upcoming key milestones
(including the reporting of interim clinical results and the dosing of patients), planned clinical trials, and statements relating to
the safety and efficacy of Calidis therapeutic candidates in development. Any forward-looking statements contained in this discussion
are based on Calidis current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects and are subject
to multiple risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth or implied
in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk that Calidi is not able to
raise sufficient capital to support its current and anticipated clinical trials, the risk that early results of clinical trials do not
necessarily predict final results and that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change following more comprehensive review
of the data, and as more patient data becomes available, the risk that Calidi may not receive FDA approval for some or all of its therapeutic
candidates. Other risks and uncertainties are set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in the Companys Registration Statements filed with the SEC on (i) Form S-4 filed on
August 2, 2023 and the corresponding prospectus filed on August 4, 2023, and (ii) on Form S-1 filed on April 15, 2024, and the Companys
periodic reports filed with the SEC on (i) Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2024, (ii) Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2024, (iii) Form 10-Q filed
on August 13, 2024, and Form 10Q filed on November 12, 2024. These reports may be amended or supplemented by other reports we file with
the SEC from time to time.

For
Investors and Media:

Dave Gentry, CEO

RedChip Companies, Inc.

1-407-644-4256

CLDI@redchip.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Calidi
Biotherapeutics Announces Closing of $3.9 Million Registered Direct Offering and Concurrent Private Placement

SAN
DIEGO, March 31, 2025 Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NYSE AMERICAN: CLDI) (Calidi or the Company),
a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a new generation of targeted immunotherapies, today announced the closing of its previously
announced registered direct offering, with a single institutional investor, for the issuance and sale of 3,325,000 shares of the Companys
common stock, and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 2,728,000 shares of Common Stock. In a concurrent private placement, the Company
issued and sold to the investor Series G common warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 6,053,000 shares common stock.

The
combined offering price for each share of common stock (or pre-funded warrant in lieu thereof) and accompanying warrants was $0.65 (or
$0.649 with respect to the pre-funded warrants). The pre-funded warrants have an exercise price of $0.001 per share, are exercisable
immediately upon issuance, and will not expire until fully exercised. The Series G warrants have an exercise price of $0.6954 per share,
are exercisable six (6) months from the date of issuance and will expire seven and one-half years following the initial exercise date.
The securities issued in this transaction do not contain any variable or priced based resets.

Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co. Inc. acted as exclusive placement agent for the offerings.

The
closing of the registered direct offering and the concurrent private placement occurred on March 31, 2025. The gross proceeds to Calidi
from the registered direct offering and the concurrent private placement, before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering
expenses payable by the Company, were approximately $3.9 million. Calidi intends to use the net proceeds from the offerings for working
capital and for general corporate purposes and to advance its pre-clinical and clinical programs.

The
securities described above (excluding the series G warrants and the shares of common stock underlying the series G warrants) were offered
pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284229), declared effective by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 7, 2025. The registered direct offering was made only by means of a prospectus, including
a prospectus supplement, which is part of the effective registration statement, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2025. Electronic copies
of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may be obtained, when available, on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov
or by contacting Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Prospectus Department, 640 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10019 or by
email at prospectus@ladenburg.com.

The
series G warrants described above were offered in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act), and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying such series G
warrants, have not been registered under the Act, or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the series G warrants and the underlying
shares of common stock may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable
exemption from the registration requirements of the Act and such applicable state securities laws.

-1-

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described therein, nor
shall there be any sales of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to
registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

About
Calidi Biotherapeutics

Calidi
Biotherapeutics (NYSE American: CLDI) is a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company with proprietary technology designed to arm the immune
system to fight cancer. Calidis novel stem cell-based platforms are utilizing potent allogeneic stem cells capable of carrying
payloads of oncolytic viruses for use in multiple oncology indications, including high-grade gliomas and solid tumors. Calidis
clinical stage off-the-shelf, universal cell-based delivery platforms are designed to protect, amplify, and potentiate oncolytic viruses
leading to enhanced efficacy and improved patient safety. Calidis preclinical off-the-shelf enveloped virotherapies, are designed
to target disseminated solid tumors. This dual approach can potentially treat, or even prevent, metastatic disease. Calidi Biotherapeutics
is headquartered in San Diego, California. For more information, please visit www.calidibio.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release may contain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Terms such as anticipates, believe, continue,
could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan,
possible, potential, predicts, project, should, towards,
would as well as similar terms, are forward-looking in nature, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning upcoming key milestones
(including the reporting of interim clinical results and the dosing of patients), planned clinical trials, and statements relating to
the safety and efficacy of Calidis therapeutic candidates in development. Any forward-looking statements contained in this discussion
are based on Calidis current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects and are subject
to multiple risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth or implied
in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk that Calidi is not able to
raise sufficient capital to support its current and anticipated clinical trials, the risk that early results of clinical trials do not
necessarily predict final results and that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change following more comprehensive review
of the data, and as more patient data becomes available, the risk that Calidi may not receive FDA approval for some or all of its therapeutic
candidates. Other risks and uncertainties are set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in the Companys Registration Statements filed with the SEC on (i) Form S-4 filed on
August 2, 2023 and the corresponding prospectus filed on August 4, 2023, and (ii) on Form S-1 filed on April 15, 2024, and the Companys
periodic reports filed with the SEC on (i) Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2024, (ii) Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2024, (iii) Form 10-Q filed
on August 13, 2024, and Form 10Q filed on November 12, 2024. These reports may be amended or supplemented by other reports we file with
the SEC from time to time.

For
Investors and Media:

Dave
Gentry, CEO

RedChip Companies, Inc.

1-407-644-4256

CLDI@redchip.com

-2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cldi-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cldi-20250328_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>cldi-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>cldi-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40789

Entity Registrant Name CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001855485

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2967193

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4475
Executive Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town San
Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code (858)

Local Phone Number 794-9600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CLDI

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock

Trading Symbol CLDI
WS

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLDI_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLDI_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://calidibio.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cldi-20250328.xsd 
cldi-20250328_def.xml 
cldi-20250328_lab.xml 
cldi-20250328_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-001969-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001855485 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0001855485 

CLDI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0001855485 

CLDI:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001855485 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
CALIDI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-40789 
86-2967193 
4475 Executive Drive 
Suite 200 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
(858) 
794-9600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
CLDI 
NYSEAMER 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock 
CLDI WS 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>