<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001158172-25-000004.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001158172-25-000004.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107163532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001158172-25-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMSCORE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001158172
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				541955550
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33520
		FILM NUMBER:		25515303

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11950 DEMOCRACY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-438-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11950 DEMOCRACY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMSCORE NETWORKS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010827
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>scor-20241231.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?scor-20241231

0001158172false00011581722024-12-312024-12-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): December 31, 2024

COMSCORE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-33520 54-1955550

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

11950 Democracy Drive

Suite 600

Reston, Virginia20190

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(703) 4382000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share SCOR NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1

Item 1.01Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Amendment to Charter Data License Agreement

On December 31, 2024, comScore, Inc. (the "Company") entered into an amendment (the "Amendment") to its Data License Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, with Charter Communications Operating, LLC ("Charter").The Amendment provides the Company with an estimated minimum $35 million reduction in cash license fees over the remaining term of the Data License Agreement, in addition to the previously disclosed $7 million in license fee credits provided to the Company for prior periods. Under the Amendment, the Company will pay lower fees (increasing the estimated $35 million in savings) to the extent that certain data delivery thresholds set forth in the Amendment are not met during the term.The Amendment also provides the Company with expanded data rights, removes certain reporting obligations, and limits the products to be provided by the Company to Charter at no cost.In return, the Amendment permits Charter to license its data to third parties for local measurement purposes, provided that the Company will have "most favored rights, preferences and privileges" to any third party that licenses the data for substantially similar purposes.The Company will also forego marketing and other rights associated with being designated as Charter's preferred data measurement partner during the term.The Amendment was conditioned upon the Company's payment of arrears due to Charter under the Data License Agreement, which arrears were paid in full on December 31, 2024.

The foregoing summary of the Amendment does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

As previously disclosed, Charter is an affiliate of Charter Communications Holding Company, LLC, which holds 33.3% of the outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company.

Entry into New Credit Facility

On December 31, 2024, the Company entered into a senior secured financing agreement (the "Credit Agreement") among the Company as borrower, certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors, Blue Torch Finance LLC as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, the "Agent"), and the lenders from time to time party thereto. The Credit Agreement has a term of four years and matures in December 2028.

The Credit Agreement provides a borrowing capacity of $60 million, consisting of a $45 million term loan that was fully funded at closing (the "Term Loan") and a $15 million revolving credit facility that was unfunded at closing (the "Revolving Facility"). Initial proceeds from the Credit Agreement were used to resolve the Company's aged accounts payable, cash collateralize its outstanding letters of credit (described under Item 1.02 below), pay transaction fees and expenses, and strengthen its cash position in order to invest in future growth.New borrowings under the Revolving Facility are subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions to borrowing under the Credit Agreement.As of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company did not have any borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Facility.

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are made at the Adjusted Term SOFR rate or the Reference Rate (each as defined in the Credit Agreement) and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (i) the Adjusted Term SOFR rate, subject to a 3.0% floor, plus an applicable margin of 7.0% or (ii) the Reference Rate, subject to a 4.0% floor, plus an applicable margin of 6.0%. The Credit Agreement also provides for an unused commitment fee equal to 1.0% per annum of the unused Revolving Facility commitments. To the extent that an event of default exists and is continuing, at the election of the Agent, all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at 2.0% per annum above the rate and margin otherwise applicable thereto.

Except as described below, the Company can repay any amounts borrowed under the Revolving Facility prior to the maturity date without any premium or penalty other than customary SOFR breakage costs. Any voluntary or mandatory prepayments of the Term Loan (subject to customary exceptions for prepayments made with Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the net cash proceeds of insurance and condemnation events, and the replacement of certain lenders in accordance with the Credit Agreement), as well as any payments of the Revolving Facility or the Term Loan in connection with an insolvency event, acceleration, other exercise of remedies or the early termination of the Credit Agreement, are subject to prepayment premiums as follows: (i) with respect to any such payment occurring on or before the first anniversary of the closing date, a 3.0% prepayment premium plus a make-whole amount based on U.S. Treasury notes yield, (ii) with respect to any such payment occurring after the first anniversary and on or 

2

before the second anniversary of the closing date, a 1.0% prepayment premium, and (iii) with respect to any such payment occurring after the second anniversary of the closing date, no prepayment premium.

The loans are required to be prepaid from time to time with the net cash proceeds of certain debt incurrences, equity issuances, asset sales and other dispositions, insurance and condemnation proceeds, tax refunds and other extraordinary receipts (subject to certain thresholds, exceptions and reinvestment rights). Additionally, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, the Company is required to prepay the loans annually with Excess Cash Flow at the following percentages: (i) if the Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is greater than 2.25:1.00, 75% of Excess Cash Flow, (ii) if the Total Leverage Ratio is equal to or less than 2.25:1.00 but greater than 1.75:1.00, 50% of Excess Cash Flow, (iii) if the Total Leverage Ratio is equal to or less than 1.75:1.00 but greater than 1.25:1.00, 25% of Excess Cash Flow, and (iv) if the Total Leverage Ratio is equal to or less than 1.25:1.00, 0% of Excess Cash Flow.

The Credit Agreement also contains the following financial covenants:

a maximum Senior Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period, not to exceed the level set forth in the Credit Agreement for the last day of such period, starting with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025; and

minimum Liquidity (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of $10 million at all times.

Additionally, the Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants that limit the Company's ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and liens, make investments and loans, enter into mergers and acquisitions, make or declare dividends and other payments, enter into certain contracts, sell assets and engage in transactions with affiliates. With respect to dividends, the Credit Agreement prohibits the payment of cash dividends to holders of the Company's Series B Convertible Preferred Stock prior to April 1, 2026 and imposes certain limitations on cash dividends, including a heightened Liquidity requirement, on and after that date.

The Credit Agreement is subject to customary events of default, including a change in control. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Agent or the Required Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) may accelerate any amounts outstanding and terminate lender commitments. Finally, the Credit Agreement is guaranteed by the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries and is secured by a first lien security interest in substantially all assets of the Company and such subsidiaries, as set forth in a pledge and security agreement dated December 31, 2024 (the "Security Agreement") among the Company, the guarantor subsidiaries and the Agent.

The foregoing summary of the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement, which are filed as Exhibit 10.2 and Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.02Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement

On December 31, 2024, the Company terminated its prior Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2021, with Bank of America, N.A. (as amended, the "Prior Credit Agreement").The Company used a portion of proceeds from the Term Loan, totaling approximately $3.3 million, to cash collateralize certain letters of credit that were outstanding under the Prior Credit Agreement.The Company had no other borrowings outstanding under the Prior Credit Agreement on the termination date, and no early termination penalties were incurred by the Company in connection with the termination.

Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the entry into the Credit Agreement is incorporated into this Item 2.03 by reference.

3

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1^ 

Fourth Amendment to Data License Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024, by and between comScore, Inc. and Charter Communications Operating, LLC

10.2 

Financing Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024, by and among comScore, Inc. (as administrative borrower), certain subsidiaries of the administrative borrower (as guarantors), Blue Torch Finance LLC (as administrative agent and collateral agent) and the lenders party thereto

10.3 

Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024, by and among comScore, Inc. and certain subsidiaries of comScore, Inc. (as guarantors) and Blue Torch Finance LLC (as collateral agent)

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

^ Specific terms in this exhibit (indicated therein by asterisks) have been omitted because such terms are both not material and of the type that the Company treats as private and confidential.

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

comScore, Inc.

By: /s/ Mary Margaret Curry

Mary Margaret Curry

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Date: January 7, 2025

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101charteramendment.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE SUCH TERMS ARE BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND OF THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. THESE REDACTED TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED IN THIS EXHIBIT WITH THREE ASTERISKS [***].

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO DATA LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Fourth Amendment to Data License Agreement (this Amendment), by and between Charter Communications Operating, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates (Charter), and comScore, Inc., a Delaware corporation, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates (Comscore), is effective immediately upon Comscores full payment of the Arrears (as defined below) to Charter (the Fourth Amendment Effective Date), provided that such payment occurs on or before March 9, 2025.

WHEREAS, Charter and Comscore entered into that certain Data License Agreement dated as of March 10, 2021 (as amended, the Agreement); and

WHEREAS, Charter and Comscore desire to amend the Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions contained herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.

2.Payment of Arrears; Deadline. On or before March 9, 2025, Comscore will pay to Charter the total amount due to Charter under the Agreement as of such payment date, as set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto (such amount, the Arrears). This Amendment shall become null and void and of no further force or effect in the event that Charter does not receive the Arrears in full by March 9, 2025.

3.Removal of Certain Comscore Covenants. Section 2.04(d) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety.

4.Modeling.

a.Section 3.02(i) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

(i) [***] If Comscore requests Charters approval for an exception to this Section 3.02(i), Charter shall provide final approval or explanation for non-approval within [***] (e-mail acceptable) of receipt of such request, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

b.Section 3.03 of the Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following at the end: [***]

1

Exhibit 10.1

5.Removal of Certain Charter Covenants.

a.Section 4.01 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

Section 4.01 Preferred Access. Charter shall provide Comscore with Preferred Access to all Licensed Charter Data. Preferred Access means that (a) any Other Data provided to Comscore by Charter, including data from Affiliates if applicable, shall be at no additional cost to Comscore above the applicable license fees set forth in Exhibit G, and (b) Comscore shall have most favored rights, preferences and privileges to any third party that also licenses Licensed Charter Data for purposes substantially similar to the Purpose. Local Measurement means content measurement or advertising measurement (including for attribution or ad effectiveness, subject to Section 3.02(g)) in a local market for the purpose of syndicated ratings-based or syndicated impressions-based reporting of viewing activity in any market or group of markets.

b.Sections 4.02 and 4.03 of the Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

6.Limited Product Access. Section 6.03 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

Section 6.03Product Access. Throughout the Term, Comscore will provide to Charter, at no charge to Charter, licenses and access to the following Comscore Syndicated Offerings and services and any successors thereof: [***]. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any parties that become Affiliates of Charter after the Effective Date shall not have access to or licenses to such products or services hereunder unless such party provides Comscore with data elements similar to Licensed Charter Data with the same rights allowed herein at no additional cost to Comscore (either as part of the Licensed Charter Data or otherwise), and the Parties agree to integrate such data elements into Comscore products or services. [***]

7.Removal of Minimum RPD HH Requirement. Section 1 of Exhibit A to the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: [***]

8.Revised License Fee. Exhibit G to the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with Exhibit G attached hereto.

9.Integration; Conflicts. This Amendment and the Agreement set forth the entire understanding of the Parties as to the subject matter hereof and thereof. Except as modified by this Amendment, all terms and conditions of the Agreement will remain unchanged and in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict between any term or condition set forth in this Amendment and the Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Amendment shall govern and prevail.

10.Counterparts. This Amendment may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and both of which together will constitute one and the same document. A facsimile or electronically scanned signature shall have the same force and affect as an original signature.

2

Exhibit 10.1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers on the date set forth below.

Charter Communications Operating, LLC

By: Charter Communications, Inc., its manager

By: /s/ David Kline 

David Kline

EVP & President - Spectrum Reach

Date: December 28, 2024 

comScore, Inc.

By: /s/ Mary Margaret Curry 

Mary Margaret Curry

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Date: December 31, 2024

3

Exhibit 10.1

EXHIBIT G

LICENSE FEE

1.Definitions.

Contract Months, Contract Quarters and Contract Years mean, respectively, months, quarters and years of the Term where the first such month, quarter and year begins on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date.

License Fee for each Contract Year means an amount equal to the sum of the Quarterly Installments for such year.

Quarterly Installment for each Contract Quarter means an amount equal to the sum of the Monthly Fees for each month of such quarter.

Monthly Fee for each Contract Month means an amount equal to the Household Fee multiplied by the lesser of (a) the Household Count for such month and (b) eleven million five hundred thousand (11,500,000) Subscribers.

Household Fee means thirteen cents ($0.13) per month per Subscriber, subject to a two and a half percent (2.5%) annual escalator beginning on the first anniversary of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and subject to Sections 3.02(i) and 3.03 of the Agreement.

2.Payment. For each Contract Year, Comscore will pay Charter the applicable License Fee as follows: For each Contract Quarter, Charter shall invoice Comscore for the applicable Quarterly Installment and Comscore will pay Charter such Quarterly Installment within [***] following the end of such quarter. Quarterly Installments for partial Contract Quarters will be pro-rated.

3.Household Count. For each Contract Month, Charter will provide Comscore with measurements of the average number of monthly unique Subscribers for which Charter provides Licensed Charter Data to Comscore in accordance with the specifications set out in the Agreement and Section 5 below [***] (the Household Count), [***].

4.Household Count Discrepancies. [***]

5.Opt Outs. Charter will not send to Comscore data with respect to any Subscribers who indicate any preference to opt out of or not to opt into (as applicable under the applicable law) any one or more data use cases (Opted-Out Subscribers) and the Household Count will not include any Opted-Out Subscribers. On each anniversary of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, if the number of Opted-Out Subscribers for Charter TV Data and/or Charter Streaming Data exceeds twenty percent (20%) of the Household Count for the first full month after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Parties will negotiate in good faith an adjustment to the License Fee. [***]

4

Exhibit 10.1

Omitted Schedule

Schedule 1 Arrears

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit102financeagreement.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

FINANCING AGREEMENT

Dated as of December 31, 2024

by and among

COMSCORE, INC.,

as Administrative Borrower,

AND EACH SUBSIDIARY OF BORROWER 

LISTED AS A GUARANTOR ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO,

as Guarantors,

THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO,

as Lenders,

and

BLUE TORCH FINANCE LLC,

as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent

FOR PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 1272, 1273 AND 1275 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, THE TERM LOANS ARE BEING ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT. REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE ISSUE PRICE, THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, THE ISSUE DATE AND THE YIELD TO MATURITY ON THE TERM LOANS MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH HEREIN.

Table of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS; CERTAIN TERMS 1

Section 1.01. Definitions. 1

Section 1.02. Terms Generally. 55

Section 1.03. Certain Matters of Construction. 56

Section 1.04. Accounting and Other Terms. 57

Section 1.05. Time References. 57

Section 1.06. Rates. 57

Section 1.07. [Reserved]. 58

Section 1.08. Certain Calculations and Tests. 58

Section 1.09. Divisions. 59

ARTICLE II THE LOANS 59

Section 2.01. Commitments. 59

Section 2.02. Making the Loans.. 59

Section 2.03. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. 62

Section 2.04. Interest. 64

Section 2.05. Reduction of Commitment; Prepayment of Loans. 65

Section 2.06. Fees. 70

Section 2.07. SOFR Option; Suspension of SOFR Option; Benchmark Transition. 71

Section 2.08. Funding Losses. 75

Section 2.09. Taxes. 76

Section 2.10. Increased Costs and Reduced Return.. 80

ARTICLE III [RESERVED] 81

ARTICLE IV APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS; DEFAULTING LENDERS; JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY OF BORROWERS 81

Section 4.01. Payments; Computations and Statements. 81

Section 4.02. Sharing of Payments. 82

Section 4.03. Apportionment of Payments. 82

Section 4.04. Defaulting Lenders. 83

Section 4.05. Administrative Borrower; Joint and Several Liability of the Borrowers. 85

ARTICLE V CONDITIONS TO LOANS 86

Section 5.01. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness. 86

Section 5.02. Conditions Precedent to All Loans. 90

Section 5.03. Conditions Subsequent to Effectiveness. 91

ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 92

Section 6.01. Representations and Warranties. 92

i

ARTICLE VII COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 101

Section 7.01. Affirmative Covenants. 101

Section 7.02. Negative Covenants. 114

Section 7.03. Financial Covenants. 119

Section 7.04. Real Property; Certain Excluded Subsidiaries. 119

ARTICLE VIII CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 120

Section 8.01. Cash Management Arrangements. 120

ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT 121

Section 9.01. Events of Default. 121

ARTICLE X AGENTS 124

Section 10.01. Appointment. 124

Section 10.02. Nature of Duties; Delegation. 125

Section 10.03. Rights, Exculpation, Etc. 125

Section 10.04. Reliance. . 126

Section 10.05. Indemnification.. 127

Section 10.06. Agents Individually. 127

Section 10.07. Successor Agent. 127

Section 10.08. Collateral Matters. 128

Section 10.09. Agency for Perfection. 130

Section 10.10. No Reliance on any Agents Customer Identification Program.. 130

Section 10.11. No Third Party Beneficiaries.. 131

Section 10.12. No Fiduciary Relationship.. 131

Section 10.13. Reports; Confidentiality; Disclaimers. 131

Section 10.14. Collateral Custodian. 132

Section 10.15. Subordination and Intercreditor Agreements. 132

Section 10.16. [Reserved]. 132

Section 10.17. Collateral Agent May File Proofs of Claim. 132

Section 10.18. Erroneous Payments. 133

ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 135

Section 11.01. Guaranty. 135

Section 11.02. Guaranty Absolute. 135

Section 11.03. Waiver. 136

Section 11.04. Continuing Guaranty; Assignments. 137

Section 11.05. Subrogation.. 137

Section 11.06. Contribution. 137

ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS 138

Section 12.01. Notices, Etc. 138

Section 12.02. Amendments, Etc. 140

ii

Section 12.03. No Waiver; Remedies, Etc.. 143

Section 12.04. Expenses; Taxes; Attorneys Fees.. 143

Section 12.05. Right of Set-off. 144

Section 12.06. Severability. 144

Section 12.07. Assignments and Participations. 145

Section 12.08. Counterparts. 149

Section 12.09. Governing Law. 149

Section 12.10. Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process and Venue. 150

Section 12.11. Waiver of Jury Trial, Etc. 150

Section 12.12. Consent by the Agents and Lenders.. 151

Section 12.13. No Party Deemed Drafter. 151

Section 12.14. Reinstatement; Certain Payments. 151

Section 12.15. Indemnification; Limitation of Liability for Certain Damages. 151

Section 12.16. Records. 153

Section 12.17. Binding Effect.. 153

Section 12.18. Highest Lawful Rate. 153

Section 12.19. Confidentiality. 154

Section 12.20. Public Disclosure. 155

Section 12.21. Integration. 155

Section 12.22. USA PATRIOT Act.. 155

Section 12.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 155

Section 12.24. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. 156

iii

SCHEDULE AND EXHIBITS

Schedule 1.01(A) Lenders and Lenders Commitments

Schedule 1.01(B) Fee Owned Real Estate

Schedule 1.01(C) Pro Forma Consolidated EBITDA

Schedule 1.01(D) Excluded Subsidiaries

Schedule 6.01(e) Capitalization; Subsidiaries

Schedule 6.01(f) Litigation

Schedule 6.01(i) ERISA

Schedule 6.01(l) Nature of Business

Schedule 6.01(q) Environmental Matters

Schedule 6.01(p) Employee and Labor Matters

Schedule 6.01(r) Insurance

Schedule 6.01(u) Intellectual Property

Schedule 6.01(v) Material Contracts

Schedule 7.02(a) Existing Liens

Schedule 7.02(b) Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 7.02(e) Existing Investments

Schedule 7.02(j) Existing Affiliate Transactions

Schedule 8.01 Cash Management Accounts

Exhibit A Form of Joinder Agreement

Exhibit B Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit C Form of Notice of Borrowing

Exhibit D Form of SOFR Notice

Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit F Form of Intercompany Subordination Agreement

Exhibit G Form of Perfection Certificate

Exhibit 2.09(d) Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

iv

FINANCING AGREEMENT

Financing Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024, by and among Comscore, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Initial Borrower and together with each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a Borrower hereunder, each a Borrower and collectively, the Borrowers), each subsidiary of the Administrative Borrower listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages hereto from time to time (together with the Administrative Borrower and each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a Guarantor hereunder, each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors), the lenders from time to time party hereto (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders), Blue Torch Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Blue Torch), as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), and Blue Torch, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and together with the Collateral Agent, each an Agent and collectively, the Agents).

RECITALS

The Borrowers have asked the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrowers consisting of (a) an initial term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $45,000,000 and (b) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $15,000,000 at any time outstanding. The proceeds of the initial term loan and the loans made under the revolving credit facility shall be used to refinance existing indebtedness and pay certain accounts payable which are due and owing of the Borrowers, for general working capital purposes of the Borrowers and to pay fees and expenses related to this Agreement. The Lenders are severally, and not jointly, willing to extend such credit to the Borrowers subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

In consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS; CERTAIN TERMS

Section 1.01. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below:

Account Debtor means, with respect to any Person, each debtor, customer or obligor in any way obligated on or in connection with any Account of such Person.

Acquisition means the acquisition (whether by means of a merger, consolidation or otherwise) of all of the Equity Interests of any Person or all or substantially all of the assets of (or any division or business line of) any Person.

Action has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.12.

1

Additional Amount has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(a).

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment.

Administrative Agent has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto.

Administrative Agents Accounts means one or more accounts designated in writing by the Administrative Agent to the Administrative Borrower at a bank designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time as the accounts into which the Loan Parties shall make all payments to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Administrative Borrower has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.05(a). 

Administrative Questionnaire has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.05.

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any U.K. Financial Institution.

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 10% or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of members of the Board of Directors of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Agent or any Lender be considered an Affiliate of any Loan Party.

After Acquired Property has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(a).

Agent and Agents have the respective meanings specified therefor in the preamble hereto.

Agreement means this Financing Agreement, including all amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, modifications and supplements and any exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, and shall refer to this Agreement as the same may be in effect at the time such reference becomes operative.

Anti-Corruption Laws means all applicable Requirements of Law concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA), the UK Bribery Act 2010, and the anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations of those jurisdictions in which the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries do business.

2

Anti-Money Laundering Laws means all applicable Requirements of Law concerning or relating to terrorism or money laundering, including, without limitation, the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. 1956-1957), and the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311-5332 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and any law prohibiting or directed against the financing or support of terrorist activities (e.g., 18 U.S.C. 2339A and 2339B).

Applicable Margin means, as of any date of determination, with respect to the interest rate of (a) any Reference Rate Loan or any portion thereof, 6.00% per annum, (b) any SOFR Loan or any portion thereof, 7.00% per annum, and (c) the Unused Line Fee, 1.00% per annum.

Applicable Premium means 

(a)as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (c), (d) or (e) of the definition thereof:

(i)during the period from and after the Effective Date up to and including the date that is the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the First Period), an amount equal to the sum of (A) the Make-Whole Amount plus (B) an amount equal to 3.00% times the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans and Revolving Loans outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event;

(ii)during the period after the First Period up to and including the date that is the second anniversary of the Effective Date (the Second Period), an amount equal to 1.00% times the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans and Revolving Loans outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event; and

(iii)thereafter, zero;

(b)[reserved];

(c)as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (b) of the definition thereof:

(i)during the First Period, an amount equal to the sum of (A) the Make-Whole Amount plus (B) an amount equal to 3.00% times the amount of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans being paid on such date;

(ii)during the Second Period, an amount equal to 1.00% times the amount of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans being paid on such date; and

(iii)thereafter, zero.

Applicable Premium Trigger Event means

3

(a)[reserved];

(b)any payment by any Loan Party of all, or any part, of the principal balance of any Term Loan for any reason (including, without limitation, any optional prepayment or mandatory prepayment, in each case, other than (x) any regularly scheduled amortization payment made pursuant to the first sentence of Section 2.03(b), (y) prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(iv) with Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards or pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i), or (z) prepayment related to any replacement of a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 4.04(c) or a Holdout Lender pursuant to 12.02(c)) whether before or after (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default, or (ii) the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding, and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any reason) of the Obligations;

(c)the acceleration of the Obligations for any reason, including, without limitation, acceleration in accordance with Section 9.01, including as a result of the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding and including in the event the Obligations are reinstated pursuant to Section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code;

(d)the satisfaction, release, payment, restructuring, reorganization, replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the Obligations in any Insolvency Proceeding, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of a distribution of any kind in any Insolvency Proceeding to any Agent, for the account of the Lenders in full or partial satisfaction of the Obligations; or

(e)the termination of this Agreement for any reason prior to the Final Maturity Date.

Assignment and Acceptance means an assignment and acceptance entered into by an assigning Lender and an assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent (and the Collateral Agent, if applicable), in accordance with Section 12.07 hereof and substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto or such other form acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

Authorized Officer means, with respect to any Person, the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, controller, director, president, secretary, treasurer or other financial officer performing similar functions, president or executive vice president of such Person.

Availability means, at any time, the difference between (a) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans.

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for 

4

determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.07.

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time that is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time and any successor statute or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.07(h)(i).

Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Administrative Borrower) giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment for each applicable Interest Period, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Administrative Borrower) giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with 

5

the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a)in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (1) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(b)in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a)a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(b)a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of 

6

such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(c)a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.07(g) and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.07(g).

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Blue Torch has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto.

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor).

Board of Directors means with respect to (a) any corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) a partnership, the board of directors, board of managers or equivalent governing body of the general partner of the partnership, (c) a limited liability company, the managing member or members or any controlling committee, board of directors or board of managers (or equivalent governing body) of such company or the sole member or the managing member thereof, and (d) any other Person, entity, individual, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function.

Board Observer has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(p).

BOD Meeting has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(p).

Borrower and Borrowers have the respective meanings specified therefor in the preamble hereto.

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which banks are authorized or required to close in New York.

7

Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries for any Test Period, the sum of (a) the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such Test Period that in accordance with GAAP are or should be included in property, plant and equipment or in a similar fixed asset account on its balance sheet, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, including all Capitalized Lease Obligations, obligations under synthetic leases and capitalized software costs that are paid or due and payable during such Test Period and (b) to the extent not covered by clause (a) above, the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such Test Period to acquire by purchase or otherwise the business or fixed assets of, or the Equity Interests of, any other Person; provided, that the term Capital Expenditures shall not include any such expenditures which constitute (i) expenditures by a Loan Party made in connection with the replacement, substitution or restoration of such Loan Partys assets pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(vi) from the Net Cash Proceeds of Dispositions and Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards, (ii) expenditures financed with the proceeds received from the sale or issuance of Equity Interests to a Permitted Holder or any other Person permitted under this Agreement so long as (A) the Borrowers are not required to make a prepayment of the Loans with such proceeds pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(iii) or Section 2.05(c)(v) and (B) such proceeds are not commingled with any Loan Partys funds and are deposited in an account subject to a Control Agreement and used exclusively to fund such expenditures, (iii) a Permitted Acquisition, (iv) expenditures that are accounted for as capital expenditures of such Person and that actually are paid for by a third party (excluding any Loan Party) and for which no Loan Party has provided or is required to provide or incur, directly or indirectly, any consideration or obligation to such third party or any other person (whether before, during or after such Test Period), and (v) the purchase price of equipment that is purchased substantially contemporaneously with the trade in of existing equipment to the extent that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted by the seller of such equipment for the equipment being traded in at such time.

Capitalized Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property by such Person as lessee that is required under GAAP to be accounted for as a finance lease on the balance sheet of such Person.

Capitalized Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person, obligations of such Person and its Subsidiaries under Capitalized Leases, and, for purposes hereof, the amount of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.

Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case, maturing within six months from the date of acquisition thereof; (b) commercial paper, maturing not more than 270 days after the date of issue rated P 1 by Moodys or A 1 by Standard & Poors; (c) certificates of deposit maturing not more than 270 days after the date of issue, issued by commercial banking institutions and money market or demand deposit accounts maintained at commercial banking institutions, each of which is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000; (d) repurchase 

8

agreements having maturities of not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition which are entered into with major money center banks included in the commercial banking institutions described in clause (c) above and which are secured by readily marketable direct obligations of the United States Government or any agency thereof; (e) money market accounts maintained with mutual funds having assets in excess of $2,500,000,000, which assets are primarily comprised of Cash Equivalents described in another clause of this definition and (f) marketable tax exempt securities rated A or higher by Moodys or A+ or higher by Standard & Poors, in each case, maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof.

Cash Management Accounts means the bank accounts of each Loan Party listed on Schedule 8.01 maintained at one or more Cash Management Banks.

Cash Management Bank has the meaning specified therefor in Section 8.01(a).

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

Change of Control means each occurrence of any of the following:

(a)the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, but excluding (x) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan and (y) any combination of Permitted Holders that may otherwise constitute a group) other than a Permitted Holder of beneficial ownership of more than 35% of the aggregate outstanding voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower;

(b)the sale or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all the assets of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person;

(c)during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors of the Administrative Borrower (together with any new directors whose election by such Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of the Administrative Borrower was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors of the Administrative Borrower then still in office who were 

9

either directors at the beginning of such period, or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Administrative Borrower; and 

(d)a Change of Control (or any comparable term or provision) under or with respect to any Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower (other than under or with respect to any employee stock option plans or other employee incentive plans or compensation arrangements in respect of such Equity Interests) or documents governing any Indebtedness of the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries having an aggregate amount outstanding in excess of the Threshold Amount.

Charter has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Preferred Equity Holders.

Charter Data License Agreement means that certain Data License Agreement entered into between Charter Communicating Operating, LLC and its Affiliates, and the Borrower and its Affiliates, dated as of March 10, 2021, as amended by the First Amendment to the Data License Agreement dated as of March 30, 2022, as further amended by the Second Amendment to the Data License Agreement dated as of November 5, 2022, as further amended by the Third Amendment to the Data License Agreement dated as of November 8, 2024, and as further amended by the Fourth Amendment to Data License Agreement dated on or about December 31, 2024 (the Charter DLA Fourth Amendment).

Charter DLA Fourth Amendment has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Charter Data License Agreement.

Collateral means all of the property and assets and all interests therein and proceeds thereof now owned or hereafter acquired by any Person upon which a Lien is granted or purported to be granted by such Person as security for all or any part of the Obligations.

Collateral Agent has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto.

Collateral Agent Advances has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.08(a).

Collateral Document has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(b).

Collections means all cash, checks, notes, instruments, and other items of payment (including insurance proceeds, proceeds of cash sales, rental proceeds, and tax refunds).

Commitments means, with respect to each Lender, such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment and Term Loan Commitment.

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

10

Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit E, duly executed by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower.

Confidential Information means any information disclosed by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a disclosing party) to any Agent, Lender or any of their Related Parties (each, a receiving party), either directly or indirectly in writing, orally, or by inspection of tangible objects (a) that the disclosing party identifies as confidential or proprietary; or (b) that reasonably appears to be confidential or proprietary because of legends or other markings, the circumstances of disclosure, or the nature of the information itself, excluding any information which (i) is on the date of the Effective Date, or becomes after the Effective Date, generally known or available to the public, without a breach of Section 12.19 by the receiving party or a breach of a duty of confidentiality of which the receiving party is aware; (ii) was already in the possession of the receiving party (or its Related Parties who obtained it while acting on behalf of the receiving party), before receiving such information from or on behalf of the disclosing party and is, to the receiving partys or its Related Parties knowledge, not subject to a restriction as to use or disclosure outside this Agreement; (iii) becomes available to the receiving party (or its Related Parties who obtained it while acting on behalf of the receiving party) on a non-confidential basis from a third party that is not known by the receiving party or its Related Parties to be bound by a confidentiality agreement or other confidentiality obligation with respect to such information; or (iv) is independently developed by or on behalf of the receiving party, in each case, without use of or reference to the disclosing partys Confidential Information.

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Reference Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.08 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

11

Consolidated EBITDA means, with respect to any Person for any Test Period:

(a)the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such Test Period,

plus

(b)without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such Test Period to the extent deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such Test Period:

(i)any provision for Taxes based on income, profits or capital gains, including federal, foreign, state, franchise, excise and similar Taxes paid or accrued during such Test Period (including in respect of repatriated funds) (net of any credits for such Taxes),

(ii)Consolidated Net Interest Expense,

(iii)any extraordinary (as such term was defined under GAAP prior to giving effect to FASB 2015-01), unusual or non-recurring charges, 

(iv)any depreciation and amortization expense,

(v)any aggregate net loss on the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business, 

(vi)any other non-cash expenditure, charge or loss for such period (other than any non-cash expenditure, charge or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts and Inventory), 

(vii)restructuring charges, accruals or reserves (including restructuring costs related to Acquisitions after the Effective Date),

(viii)any charges, costs and expenses incurred during such Test Period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any Acquisition, Investment; asset disposition; issuance, repayment or extinguishment of debt, issuance of equity securities; refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including any such transaction consummated prior to the Effective Date),

(ix)the amount of any net losses from discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP,

(x)any expenses, charges or losses that are covered by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any Investment, Acquisition or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other Disposition of assets, to the extent actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Administrative Borrower has received notification from the applicable Person that it intends to indemnify or reimburse such expenses, charges or losses and that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the applicable Person and only to the extent that such amount is (A) not denied by the applicable Person in writing within 180 days and (B) in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such 

12

evidence (with a deduction for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within such 365 days),

(xi)to the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Administrative Borrower has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that such amount is (A) not denied by the applicable carrier in writing within 180 days and (B) in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (with a deduction for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within such 365 days), expenses, charges or losses with respect to liability or casualty events or business interruption, and

(xii)fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents,

minus

(c)without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such Test Period to the extent included in the calculation of such Consolidated Net Income for such Test Period:

(i)[reserved],

(ii)any gain from extraordinary (as such term was defined under GAAP prior to giving effect to FASB 2015-01), unusual or non-recurring items,

(iii)any aggregate net gain from the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business, and

(iv)any other non-cash gain, including any reversal of a charge referred to in clause (b)(vi) above by reason of a decrease in the value of any Equity Interest,

minus

(d)any software expenses that were capitalized in such Test Period and not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income;

in each case, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, that, for purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA of Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for each period set forth in the table set forth on Schedule 1.01(C) attached hereto, Consolidated EBITDA of Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be the amount set forth below opposite such period on such table.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, all amounts added to Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clauses (b)(iii), (b)(vii), (b)(viii), and (b)(ix) of this 

13

definition shall not exceed, in the aggregate, 15% of Consolidated EBITDA for any such period (determined prior to giving effect to such addbacks under this definition).

For the avoidance of doubt (x) to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period any adjustments resulting from the application of ASC 815 and its related pronouncements and interpretations, or the equivalent accounting standard under GAAP or an alternative basis of accounting applied in lieu of GAAP and (y) in no event shall any run-rate revenue enhancements, increases from new contracts or amendments to existing contracts or similar adjustments be included as an addback in this definition.

Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any Person, for any Test Period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such Test Period; provided, however, that the following shall be excluded: (a) the net income (or loss) of any other Person in which such Person or one of its Subsidiaries has a joint interest with a third-party (which interest does not cause the net income of such other Person to be consolidated into the net income of such Person or its Subsidiaries), except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions derived from earned income and paid to such Person or Subsidiary, (b) the net income (or loss) of any Subsidiary of such Person that is, on the last day of such Test Period, subject to any restriction or limitation on the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions, to the extent of such restriction or limitation, (c) the net income (or loss) of any other Person arising prior to such other Person becoming a Subsidiary of such Person or merging or consolidating into such Person or its Subsidiaries, and (d) (1) any effect of income (or loss) from the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or Swap Obligations or other derivative instruments (including deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid), (2) any non-cash income (or loss) related to currency gains or losses related to Indebtedness, intercompany balances, and other balance sheet items and to Swap Obligations pursuant to ASC 815 (or such successor provision), and (3) any non-cash expense, income, or loss attributable to the movement in mark to market valuation of foreign currencies, Indebtedness, or derivative instruments pursuant to GAAP.

Consolidated Net Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any Test Period, (a) gross interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such Test Period determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP (including, without limitation, interest expense paid to Affiliates of such Person), less (b) the sum of (i) interest income for such Test Period and (ii) gains for such Test Period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in interest income above and to the extent not deducted in the calculation of gross interest expense), plus (c) the sum of (i) losses for such Test Period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense), (iii) the upfront costs or fees for such Test Period associated with Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense) and (iv) bank and letter of credit fees and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, in each case, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP.

Contingent Indemnity Obligations means any Obligation constituting a contingent, unliquidated indemnification obligation of any Loan Party, in each case, to the extent 

14

(a) such obligation has not accrued and is not yet due and payable and (b) no claim has been made or is reasonably anticipated to be made with respect thereto.

Contingent Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intending to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations (primary obligations) of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, (a) the direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement, and (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided, however, that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include any product warranties extended in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation with respect to which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability with respect thereto (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith.

Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control Agreement means, with respect to any deposit account, any securities account, commodity account, securities entitlement or commodity contract, an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, among the Collateral Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such account is maintained or with which such entitlement or contract is carried and the Loan Party maintaining such account, effective to grant control (as defined under the applicable UCC) over such account to the Collateral Agent.

Controlled Investment Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person that (a) directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, (b) is organized by such Person primarily for the purpose of making equity or debt investments in one or more companies or (c) is an investment fund or controlled investment vehicle of such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, 

15

directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

Debtor Relief Law means the Bankruptcy Code and any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, restructuring, restructuring plan, or similar debtor relief law of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time in effect.

Default means an event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default.

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within 2 Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within 2 Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Administrative Borrower, or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within 3 Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a 

16

Defaulting Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Administrative Borrower and each Lender.

Disbursement Letter means a disbursement letter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, by and among the Loan Parties, the Agents, the Lenders and the other Persons party thereto, and the related funds flow memorandum describing the sources and uses of all cash payments in connection with the transactions contemplated to occur on the Effective Date.

Disposition means any transaction, or series of related transactions, pursuant to which any Person or any of its Subsidiaries sells (including, without limitation, any sale leaseback transaction), assigns, transfers, leases, licenses (as licensor) or otherwise disposes of any property or assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any other Person, in each case, whether or not the consideration therefor consists of cash, securities or other assets owned by the acquiring Person. For purposes of clarification, Disposition shall include (a) the sale or other disposition for value of any contracts, (b) any disposition of property through a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, (c) the early termination or modification of any contract resulting in the receipt by any Loan Party of a cash payment or other consideration representing penalties, interest, settlement payments or other similar payments in exchange for such event (other than payments in the ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts due through the date of termination or modification and any increase in the amount of ordinary course payments to be made under such contract after any such modification) or (d), any sale of merchant accounts (or any rights thereto (including, without limitation, any rights to any residual payment stream with respect thereto)) by any Loan Party.

Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior indefeasible repayment in cash in full of the Loans and all other Obligations and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part (other than solely for Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests), (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends or distributions in cash (except to the extent such payments can be converted to being payable in kind at the sole option of the issuer thereof), or (d) is convertible into or exchangeable for (i) Indebtedness or (ii) any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case of clauses (a) through (d), prior to the date that is six (6) months after the Final Maturity Date.

Dollar, Dollars and the symbol $ each means lawful money of the United States of America.

17

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state or commonwealth thereof or under the laws of the District of Columbia.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country that is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country that is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country that is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Effective Date has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.01.

Employee Plan means an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), regardless of whether subject to ERISA, that any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains, sponsors or contributes to or is obligated to contribute to or otherwise has any liability.

Environmental Claim means any action, suit, complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter or other communication, from any Person or Governmental Authority relating to or arising out of any threatened, alleged or actual (a) violation of, non-compliance with, or liability under, any Environmental Law, or (b) the manufacture, use, handling, processing, distribution, labeling, generation, transportation, storage, treatment, Release, threatened Release, disposal or arranging for the disposal of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials.

Environmental Law means any Requirement of Law relating to, regulating or governing (i) the pollution or protection of the environment, any environmental media, natural resources, human health or safety, or (ii) the manufacture, use, handling, processing, distribution, labeling, generation, transportation, storage, treatment, Release, threatened Release, disposal or arranging for the disposal of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials.

Environmental Liability means all liabilities (contingent or otherwise, known or unknown), monetary obligations, losses (including monies paid in settlement), damages, natural resource damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, costs, client charges and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest arising directly or indirectly as a result of, from, or based upon (a) any Environmental Claim, (b) any actual, alleged or threatened violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit, (c) any actual, alleged or threatened Release of, or exposure to, 

18

Hazardous Materials, (d) any Remedial Action, (e) any environmental condition or (f) any contract, agreement or other arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed contractually or by operation of law with respect to any of the foregoing (a)-(e).

Environmental Lien means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority arising out of any Environmental Liability.

Environmental Permit means any permit, license, authorization, approval, registration or entitlement required by or issued pursuant to any Environmental Law or by any Governmental Authority pursuant to Environmental Law.

Equity Interests means (a) all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting and (b) all securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable.

Equity Issuance means either (a) the sale or issuance by the Administrative Borrower of any shares of its Equity Interests or (b) the receipt by the Administrative Borrower of any cash capital contributions with respect to its Equity Interests. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute of similar import, and regulations thereunder, in each case, as in effect from time to time. References to sections of ERISA shall be construed also to refer to any successor sections.

ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with such Person is, or within the last six (6) years was, treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.

ERISA Event means (a) the occurrence of a Reportable Event with respect to any Pension Plan; (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standards of Section 412 or 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 or 303 of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA) or the failure to make a contribution or installment required under Section 412 or 430(j) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (c) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 303 of ERISA); (d) a determination that any Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, in critical, endangered or critical and declining status, in each case, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of an amendment to a Pension Plan as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA; (f) the withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any 

19

Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (g) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan or appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition that might constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (h) the imposition of liability on any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069(a) of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (i) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan or the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA; (j) the occurrence of an act, circumstance, transaction, failure or omission which results in, or which could reasonably be expected to give result in, liability to a Loan Party under Title I of ERISA or a tax under any of Sections 4971 through 5000 of the Internal Revenue Code that could reasonably result in liability to a Loan Party in excess of $1,000,000; (k) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent, upon any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates; (l) the assertion of a claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Employee Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in connection with any Employee Plan or Multiemployer Plan that could reasonably result in liability to a Loan Party in excess of $1,000,000; (m) receipt from the Internal Revenue Service of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any such Pension Plan (or such other Employee Plan) to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; (n) the imposition on any Loan Party of any fine, excise tax or penalty with respect to any Employee Plan or Multiemployer Plan resulting from any noncompliance with any Requirements of Law that could reasonably result in liability to a Loan Party in excess of $1,000,000; (o) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan; or (p) the occurrence of any Foreign Plan Event that could reasonably result in liability to a Loan Party in excess of $1,000,000.

Erroneous Payment has the meaning specified in Section 10.18(a).

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time.

Event of Default has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01.

Excess Cash Flow means, with respect to any Person for any Test Period,(a)(i) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such Test Period plus (ii) to the extent not included in Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period, business interruption insurance proceeds, cash interest income, other non-ordinary course cash income (excluding gains or losses attributable to asset sales), cash tax refunds and proceeds of key man life 

20

insurance policies (excluding, in each case, any such items that constitute Extraordinary Receipts or Permitted Dispositions made pursuant to clauses (e), (f), (m) or (n) thereof) received by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such Test Period, less (b) the sum of, without duplication (solely to the extent financed with cash of such Person and its Subsidiaries generated as a result of such Persons operations and not financed with proceeds of Dispositions, casualty proceeds, Equity Issuances or Indebtedness (other than Revolving Loans)), (i) all cash principal payments (excluding any principal payments made pursuant to Section 2.05(c)) on the Loans made during such Test Period (but, in the case of the Revolving Loans, only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), and all cash principal payments on Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement) of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries during such Test Period to the extent such other Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement (but, in the case of revolving loans, only to the extent that the revolving credit commitment in respect thereof is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), in each case, and to the extent added back in the determination of Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period, any make-whole and premium amounts paid in cash in connection therewith, (ii) all interest payments (net of all net interest income received in cash by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such Test Period) to the extent paid or payable in cash during such Test Period, (iii) the cash portion of Capital Expenditures made by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such Test Period to the extent permitted to be made under this Agreement (excluding capitalized software costs that have already been deducted from Consolidated EBITDA), (iv) all scheduled loan servicing fees and other similar fees in respect of Indebtedness of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries paid in cash during such Test Period, to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement, (v) Taxes paid or payable in cash by such Person and its Subsidiaries during or in respect of such Test Period, (vi) all cash expenses, cash charges, cash losses and other cash items that were added back in the determination of Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period, (vii) the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the end of such Test Period over Working Capital at the beginning of such Test Period (or minus the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the beginning of such Test Period over Working Capital at the end of such Test Period), (viii) all net payments made pursuant to Hedging Agreements of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries during such Test Period to the extent such Hedging Agreement is permitted, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement, and (ix) any Permitted Restricted Payments, solely to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to clause (f) of the definition thereof, made in cash during such Test Period.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Excluded Account means (a) deposit accounts the balance of which consists exclusively of (i) withheld income taxes, employment taxes or payroll taxes in such amounts as are required in the reasonable judgment of the Loan Parties to be paid to the applicable Governmental Authorities with respect to current or former employees of any one or more of the Loan Parties and (ii) amounts required by Applicable Law to be paid over to an employee benefit plan or similar employee benefit arrangement on behalf of or for the benefit of employees of one or more of the Loan Parties, (b) all segregated deposit accounts constituting tax accounts and 

21

payroll accounts, (c) any deposit account that is automatically swept on a daily basis into another deposit account that is subject to a control agreement in favor of the Collateral Agent, (d) any deposit account containing solely fiduciary funds held in trust for the benefit of third parties (other than a Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof), (e) any deposit account that has a balance of $0.00 at all times and (f) any Deposit Account that is subject to a Lien in favor of a third party to the extent constituting a Permitted Lien solely to under clause (p) of the definition thereof. 

Excluded Equity Issuance means (a) the issuance of Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower to directors, officers and employees of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock option plans (or other employee incentive plans or other compensation arrangements) approved by the Board of Directors of the Administrative Borrower, and (b) the issuance of Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower in order to finance the purchase consideration (or a portion thereof) in connection with a Permitted Acquisition. 

Excluded Subsidiary means (a) a controlled foreign corporation as defined under Section 957 of the Internal Revenue Code (CFC), (b) a Subsidiary substantially all of whose assets consist of Equity Interests and/or Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs (held directly or through Subsidiaries) (FSHCO); provided that immediately upon the effectiveness of any amendment of the Internal Revenue Code to allow any such Person described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) to guarantee the Obligations without (1) such guarantee being reasonably expected to cause the undistributed earnings of any CFC, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, to be treated as a deemed dividend to such CFCs U.S. parent or (2) material adverse tax consequences to the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (unless the Collateral Agent consents otherwise in writing) such Person shall not be an Excluded Subsidiary and, shall execute and deliver the agreements, instruments and other documents required by Section 7.01(b), (c) any direct or indirect Subsidiary of a CFC and (d) each Person set forth on Schedule 1.01(D). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Subsidiary that owns or is the exclusive licensee of any Material Asset shall be an Excluded Subsidiary. 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason not to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time the guarantee of such Guarantor becomes effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation.

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or other Person or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient or other Person, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of 

22

any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.09, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.09(d) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Executive Order No. 13224 means the Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced.

Existing Credit Facility means the indebtedness under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2021 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of February 25, 2022, that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023, that certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of May 3, 2024, and that certain Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of November 5, 2024), by and among Borrower, the Guarantors (as defined therein) party thereto, the Lenders (as defined therein) party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as defined therein), and the other Loan Documents defined therein, including for the avoidance of doubt any letter of credit issued thereunder.

Existing Agent means the Administrative Agent under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Facility.

Extraordinary Receipts means any cash or Cash Equivalents (or any property not constituting cash or Cash Equivalents that is later converted to cash or Cash Equivalents upon the consummation of such conversion) received by the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of proceeds described in Section 2.05(c)(ii) or (iii) hereof), including, without limitation, (a) foreign, United States, state or local tax refunds, (b) pension plan reversions, (c) proceeds of insurance (other than to the extent such insurance proceeds are (i) payable to a Person that is not a Loan Party directly as a result thereof in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law or with Contractual Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business or (ii) received by the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred or made by such Person to an Affiliate prior to the receipt thereof directly related to the event resulting from the payment of such proceeds), (d) judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action, (e) condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), (f) indemnity payments (other than to the extent such indemnity payments are (i) payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries explicitly pursuant to the terms thereof or (ii) received by the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any costs previously 

23

incurred or any payment previously made by such Person) and (g) any purchase price adjustment received in connection with any purchase agreement.

FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board.

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code and any fiscal, tax or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention entered into in connection with the implementation of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

FCPA has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Anti-Corruption Laws.

Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.

Fee Letter means that certain Fee Letter dated as of the Effective Date, between the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Final Maturity Date means December 31, 2028; provided that if such day is not a Business Day, then the Final Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 

Financial Statements means (a) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the Fiscal Year then ended, and (b) the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2024, and the related condensed consolidated statement of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the three and nine months then ended.

Fiscal Quarter means the fiscal quarter of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 or December 31, as applicable.

Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries ending on December 31 of each year.

24

Floor means a rate of interest equal to 3.00% per annum.

Foreign Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(d)(ii)(B).

Foreign Plan means any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained, sponsored or contributed to, or for which there is an obligation to contribute to, by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is subject to any Requirements of Laws other than, or in addition to, the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the laws of the District of Columbia.

Foreign Plan Event means, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (a) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any Requirement of Law, or in excess of the amount that would be permitted absent a waiver from a Governmental Authority, (b) the failure to make any required contribution or payment under any Requirement of Law within the time permitted by any Requirement of Law for such contributions or payments, (c) the receipt of a notice from a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Plan, (d) the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary under any law on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein, or (e) the occurrence of any transaction with respect to a Foreign Plan that is prohibited under any Requirement of Law and that could reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or the imposition on any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any fine, excise tax or penalty with respect to a Foreign Plan resulting from any noncompliance with any Requirement of Law.

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Administrative Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

Funding Losses has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.08.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States, applied on a consistent basis, provided that for the purpose of Section 7.03 hereof and the definitions used therein, GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date hereof and consistent with those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements, provided, further, that if there occurs after the date of this Agreement any change in GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any covenant contained in Section 7.03 hereof, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Borrower shall negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenant with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and the Borrowers after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the date of this Agreement and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, the covenants in Section 7.03 hereof shall be calculated as if no such change in GAAP has occurred.

Governing Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive 

25

documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, and the operating agreement; (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture, declaration or other applicable agreement or documentation evidencing or otherwise relating to its formation or organization, governance and capitalization; and (d) with respect to any of the entities described above, any other agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization.

Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any foreign, Federal, state, territory, provincial, city, town, municipality, county, local or other political subdivision thereof or thereto and any department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality, agency or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified therefor in Section 11.01.

Guarantor means (a) each Subsidiary of the Administrative Borrower listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages hereto, and (b) each other Person which guarantees, or is required to provide a guarantee, pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or otherwise, all or any part of the Obligations.

Guaranty means (a) the guaranty of each Guarantor party hereto contained in Article XI hereof and (b) each other guaranty, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by any other Guarantor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders guaranteeing all or part of the Obligations.

Hazardous Material means any element, material, substance, waste, compound or chemical that is defined, listed or otherwise classified as a contaminant, pollutant, toxic or hazardous substance, hazardous waste, universal waste, special waste, or solid waste or is otherwise characterized by words of similar import under any Environmental Law or that is regulated under, or for which liability or standards of care are imposed, pursuant to any Environmental Law, including, without limitation, petroleum, polychlorinated biphenyls; asbestos-containing materials, lead or lead-containing materials, urea formaldehyde-containing materials, radioactive materials, radon, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and mold.

Hedge Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Hedging Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Hedging Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Hedging Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedging Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedging Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).

26

Hedging Agreement means any interest rate, foreign currency, commodity or equity swap, collar, cap, floor or forward rate agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or currency, commodity or equity values (including, without limitation, any option with respect to any of the foregoing and any combination of the foregoing agreements or arrangements), and any confirmation executed in connection with any such agreement or arrangement.

Highest Lawful Rate means, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, the maximum non-usurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the Obligations under laws applicable to such Agent or such Lender which are currently in effect or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be in effect and which allow a higher maximum non-usurious interest rate than applicable laws now allow.

Holdout Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(c).

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables or other accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of such Persons business and in respect of which the holders thereof have not commenced legal proceedings against such Person to collect such trade payable or other account payable) (provided that, any earn-out, purchase price or similar obligation shall be measured as the maximum amount payable in respect thereof); (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments or upon which interest payments are customarily made; (d) all reimbursement, payment or other obligations and liabilities of such Person created or arising under any conditional sales or other title retention agreement with respect to property used and/or acquired by such Person, even though the rights and remedies of the lessor, seller and/or lender thereunder may be limited to repossession or sale of such property; (e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person; (f) all obligations and liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of such Person, in respect of letters of credit, acceptances and similar facilities; (g) all net obligations of such Person under Hedging Agreements; (h) all monetary obligations under any receivables factoring, receivable sales or similar transactions and all monetary obligations under any synthetic lease, tax ownership/operating lease, off-balance sheet financing or similar financing; (i) all Contingent Obligations; (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests; and (k) all obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (j) of this definition of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien upon property owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership of or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, usual and customary transfer pricing arrangements between or among the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices shall not constitute Indebtedness.

27

Indemnified Matters has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15.

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitees has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15.

Initial Term Loan means, collectively, the loans made by the Initial Term Loan Lenders to the Initial Borrower on the Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(ii).

Initial Term Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Initial Term Loan to the Borrowers in the amount set forth in Schedule 1.01(A)hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as the same may be terminated or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Initial Term Loan Lender means a Lender with an Initial Term Loan Commitment or an Initial Term Loan.

Initial Total Term Loan Commitment means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders Initial Term Loan Commitments.

Insolvency Proceeding means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of any Debtor Relief Law.

Intellectual Property has the meaning specified therefor in the Security Agreement.

Intellectual Property Contracts means all agreements concerning Intellectual Property, including without limitation license agreements, technology consulting agreements, co-existence agreements, consent agreements and non-assertion agreements, in each case, in respect of Intellectual Property.

Intellectual Property Security Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in the Security Agreement.

Intercompany Subordination Agreement means an Intercompany Subordination Agreement made by the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit F.

Interest Payment Date means as to any SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period therefor and the Final Maturity Date.

Interest Period means, with respect to each SOFR Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such SOFR Loan (or the continuation of a SOFR Loan or the 

28

conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan) and ending 1 or 3 months (as elected in the applicable SOFR Notice) thereafter; provided, however, that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended (subject to clauses (c)-(e) below) to the next succeeding Business Day, (b) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon Adjusted Term SOFR from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires, (c) any Interest Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (d) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month that is 1 or 3 months after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable, (e) the Borrowers may not elect an Interest Period which will end after the Final Maturity Date, and (f) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.07(g)(iv) shall be available for specification in such Notice of Borrowing or SOFR Notice.

Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Inventory means, with respect to any Person, all goods and merchandise of such Person leased or held for sale or lease by such Person, including, without limitation, all raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods, and all packaging, supplies and materials of every nature used or usable in connection with the shipping, storing, advertising or sale of such goods and merchandise, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and all such other property the sale or other disposition of which would give rise to an Account or cash.

Investment means, with respect to any Person, (a) any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees, advances or other extensions of credit (excluding Accounts arising in the ordinary course of business), capital contributions or acquisitions of Indebtedness (including, any bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities), Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line of such other Person), (b) the purchase or ownership of any futures contract or liability for the purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract, or (c) any investment in any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. For the avoidance of doubt, usual and customary transfer pricing arrangements between or among the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices shall not constitute Investments.

Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A, duly executed by a Subsidiary of a Loan Party made a party hereto pursuant to Section 7.01(b).

29

Lease means any lease, sublease or license of, or other agreement granting a possessory interest in, real property to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as lessor, lessee, sublessor, sublessee, licensor or licensee.

Lender has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto.

Liberty has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Preferred Equity Holders.

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, pledge, lien (statutory or otherwise), security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security or preferential arrangement of any nature, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, any Capitalized Lease and any assignment, deposit arrangement or financing lease intended as, or having the effect of, security.

Liquidity means Qualified Cash plus, to the extent that the conditions to borrowing pursuant to Section 5.02 could be satisfied as of the applicable date of determination, Availability, minus the amount of trade payables and other accounts payable of the Loan Parties that are aged more than sixty (60) days from the due date thereof. 

Loan means the Term Loan or any Revolving Loan made by an Agent or a Lender to the Borrowers pursuant to Article II hereof.

Loan Account means an account maintained hereunder by the Administrative Agent on its books of account at the Payment Office, and with respect to the Borrowers, in which the Borrowers will be charged with all Loans made to, and all other Obligations incurred by, the Borrowers.

Loan Document means this Agreement, any Control Agreement, the Disbursement Letter, the Fee Letter, any Guaranty, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, any Joinder Agreement, any mortgage, the Security Agreement, any other Collateral Document, any UCC Filing Authorization Letter, the VCOC Management Rights Agreement, any landlord waiver, any collateral access agreement, any Perfection Certificate and any other agreement, instrument, certificate, report and other document executed and delivered by any Loan Party pursuant hereto or thereto.

Loan Party means any Borrower and any Guarantor.

Loan Party Data has the meaning given to such term in Section 6.01(ii).

Loan Party Systems has the meaning given to such term in Section 6.01(ii).

Make-Whole Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the difference (which shall not be zero) between (A) the aggregate amount of interest (including, without limitation, (x) interest payable in cash, in kind or deferred and (y) if applicable, interest at the Post-Default Rate) which would have otherwise been payable on the principal amount of the Term Loans paid on such date or, in the case of an Applicable Premium 

30

Trigger Event specified in clauses (c), (d) or (f) of the definition thereof, the principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding on such date and the principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding on such date) from the date of the occurrence of the Applicable Premium Trigger Event until the first anniversary of the Effective Date (to be calculated assuming that the Adjusted Term SOFR or Reference Rate pursuant to which such Term Loans or Revolving Loans are accruing interest at the time of the occurrence of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event applies through the applicable period) minus (B) the aggregate amount of interest the Lenders would earn if the prepaid (or deemed prepayment in the case of an acceleration of the Loans) or reduced principal amount of the Term Loans or, in the case of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clauses (c), (d) or (f) of the definition thereof, the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans deemed prepaid, in each case, were reinvested for the period from the date of prepayment (or deemed prepayment in the case of an acceleration of the Loans) or reduction until the first anniversary of the Effective Date at the Treasury Rate.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on any of (a) the operations, assets, liabilities or financial condition of the Loan Parties taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties taken as a whole to perform any of their obligations under any Loan Document, (c) the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (d) the rights and remedies of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or (e) the validity, perfection or priority of the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on Collateral.

Material Asset means all assets (including Intellectual Property, but excluding cash and Cash Equivalents) owned by, or licensed to, the Administrative Borrower or any of the other Loan Parties that are material to the business of Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Material Contract means, with respect to any Person, (a) each contract or agreement to which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries is a party involving aggregate consideration payable to or by such Person or such Subsidiary of $3,000,000 or more in any Fiscal Year (other than (x) purchase orders in the ordinary course of the business of such Person or such Subsidiary, (y) contracts that by their terms may be terminated by such Person or Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business upon less than 60 days notice without penalty or premium, and (z) contracts that are solely among such Person and/or one of more Subsidiaries of such Person) and (b) all other contracts or agreements as to which the breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has contributed, or has been obligated to contribute, to at any time during the preceding the six calendar years.

Net Cash Proceeds means, with respect to, any issuance or incurrence of any Indebtedness, any Equity Issuance, any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts 

31

by any Person or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of cash received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Person or such Subsidiary, in connection therewith after deducting therefrom only (a) in the case of any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards, the amount of any Indebtedness secured by any Permitted Lien on any asset that is permitted to have priority over the Liens established under the Collateral Documents pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such asset) which is required to be, and is, repaid in connection therewith (other than Indebtedness under this Agreement), (b) reasonable fees, costs and expenses related thereto incurred by such Person or such Subsidiary in connection therewith (other than such fees, costs and expenses payable to any Affiliate of such Person or its Subsidiaries), (c) [reserved], (d) Taxes to be paid in connection therewith (after taking into account any tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), and (e) reasonable reserve for any indemnification payments (fixed or contingent) attributable to sellers indemnities and representations and warranties to purchaser in respect of such transaction or asset undertaken by such Person or Subsidiary in connection therewith; provided that upon release of any such reserve, the amount released shall be considered Net Cash Proceeds, in each case, to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are properly attributable to such transaction or to the asset that is the subject thereof.

New Lending Office has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(d).

Non-Loan Party Shared Cap means $1,000,000.

Notice of Borrowing has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(a).

NPL means the National Priorities List under CERCLA.

Obligations means all present and future indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Applicable Premium) of each Loan Party to the Agents and the Lenders arising under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, whether or not the right of payment in respect of such claim is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured, unsecured, and whether or not such claim is discharged, stayed or otherwise affected by any proceeding referred to in Section 9.01. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of each Loan Party under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation (irrespective of whether a claim therefor is allowed in an Insolvency Proceeding) to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, premiums (including the Applicable Premium), attorneys fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by such Person under the Loan Documents, and (b) the obligation of such Person to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Agent or any Lender (in its sole discretion) may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Person. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations.

32

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment .

Participant Register has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(i).

Payment Office means the Administrative Agents office located at 150 East 58th Street, 39th Floor, New York, New York 10155, or at such other office or offices of the Administrative Agent as may be designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Borrower.

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto.

Pension Plan means an Employee Plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA maintained, sponsored or contributed to, or for which there is an obligation to contribute to, by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates at any time during the preceding six calendar years.

Perfection Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G providing information with respect to the property of each Loan Party.

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Term SOFR.

Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by a Loan Party or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Loan Party to the extent that each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied:

(a)no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition after giving pro forma effect to such Acquisition;

(b)to the extent the Acquisition will be financed in whole or in part with the proceeds of any Loan, the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 shall have been satisfied;

33

(c)the Borrowers shall have furnished to the Agents at least 5 Business Days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition (i) an executed term sheet and/or commitment letter (setting forth in reasonable detail the terms and conditions of such Acquisition) and, at the request of any Agent, such other information and documents that any Agent may request, including, without limitation, executed counterparts of the respective agreements, instruments or other documents pursuant to which such Acquisition is to be consummated (including, without limitation, any related management, non-compete, employment, option or other material agreements), any schedules to such agreements, instruments or other documents and all other material ancillary agreements, instruments or other documents to be executed or delivered in connection therewith, (ii) pro forma financial statements of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries after the consummation of such Acquisition, (iii) a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Administrative Borrower, demonstrating on a pro forma basis compliance, as at the end of the most recently ended Test Period, with all covenants set forth in Section 7.03 hereof after the consummation of such Acquisition, and (iv) copies of such other agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent shall reasonably request;

(d)the agreements, instruments and other documents referred to in paragraph (c) above shall provide that (i) neither the Loan Parties nor any of their Subsidiaries shall, in connection with such Acquisition, assume or remain liable in respect of any Indebtedness of the Seller or Sellers, or other obligation of the Seller or Sellers (except for obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business in operating the property so acquired and necessary or desirable to the continued operation of such property and except for Permitted Indebtedness), and (ii) all property to be so acquired in connection with such Acquisition shall be free and clear of any and all Liens, except for Permitted Liens (and if any such property is subject to any Lien not permitted by this clause (ii) then concurrently with such Acquisition such Lien shall be released);

(e)such Acquisition shall be effected in such a manner so (i) that the acquired assets or Equity Interests are owned by a Loan Party and, if effected by merger or consolidation involving a Loan Party, a Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person and (ii) after giving effect to any such Acquisition, any Person so acquired who is a Subsidiary of any Borrower shall become a Loan Party;

(f)the Loan Parties shall have Liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than $25,000,000 immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the proposed Acquisition;

(g)the assets being acquired or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired did not have negative Consolidated EBITDA during the twelve (12) consecutive month period most recently concluded prior to the date of the proposed Acquisition;

(h)the assets being acquired (other than a de minimis amount of assets in relation to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries total assets), or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired, are useful in or engaged in, as applicable, the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries as such business was conducted on the Effective Date or a business reasonably related thereto;

34

(i)the assets being acquired (other than a de minimis amount of assets in relation to the assets being acquired) are located within the United States or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located within the United States;

(j)such Acquisition shall be consensual and shall have been approved by the board of directors (or other governing body) of the Person whose Equity Interests or assets are proposed to be acquired and shall not have been preceded by an unsolicited tender offer for such Equity Interests by, or proxy contest initiated by, Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or an Affiliate thereof;

(k)any such Subsidiary (and its equityholders) shall execute and deliver the agreements, instruments and other documents required by Section 7.01(b) on or prior to the date of the consummation of such Acquisition; and

(l)the Purchase Price payable in respect of (i) any single Acquisition or series of related Acquisitions shall not exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate and (ii) all Acquisitions (including the proposed Acquisition) shall not exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement.

Permitted Disposition means:

(a)Dispositions of (i) Inventory in the ordinary course of business and (ii) accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof, in each case excluding any third-party factoring or similar facility;

(b)licensing, on a non-exclusive basis, Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;

(c)licensing, sublicensing, leasing or subleasing assets (other than any Intellectual Property) in the ordinary course of business, not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries;

(d)(i) the lapse of Registered Intellectual Property of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries to the extent economically immaterial in the conduct of their business or (ii) the abandonment of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), with respect to copyrights, such copyrights are not material revenue generating copyrights;

(e)any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property;

(f)any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property;

(g) (i) from any Loan Party to any other Loan Party, (ii) from any Subsidiary of the Administrative Borrower that is not a Loan Party to any other Subsidiary of the Administrative Borrower that is not a Loan Party and (iii) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, transfers of assets from any Subsidiary of 

35

the Administrative Borrower that is not a Loan Party to the Administrative Borrower or any other Loan Party or vice versa; provided that, if the purchaser is a Loan Party, the consideration paid in respect of such Disposition shall not exceed the fair market value of the assets acquired pursuant to such Disposition; provided further, that, to the extent such transaction constitutes an Investment, such transaction is a Permitted Investment;

(h)to the extent constituting Dispositions, (i) usual and customary transfer pricing arrangements between or among the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices and (ii) the contribution or cancellation of a promissory note or other right to payment with respect to Indebtedness owing between or among the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries in exchange for Equity Interests in the debtor Subsidiary; 

(i)Dispositions of equipment or other property for not less than fair market value to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition (net of any Taxes paid or payable as a result of such Disposition) are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;

(j)the unwinding of Hedging Agreements in accordance with the terms thereof;

(k)use or other Dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business; 

(l)to the extent constituting a Disposition, the granting of Permitted Liens, the making of Permitted Investments, the consummation of fundamental changes permitted by Section 7.02(c) and the making of Permitted Restricted Payments; 

(m)Disposition of obsolete or worn-out equipment in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice; and 

(n)Disposition of property or assets not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through (h) above for cash in an aggregate amount not less than the fair market value of such property or assets;

provided that the Net Cash Proceeds of such Dispositions (including the proposed Disposition) (1) in the case of clauses (m) and (n) above, do not exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year and (2) in all cases, are paid to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to the terms of Section 2.05(c)(ii) to the extent required thereunder or applied as provided in Section 2.05(c)(vi).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Loan Party may transfer, assign or exclusively license any Material Asset to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and any such transaction shall not be a Permitted Disposition. 

36

Permitted Holder means any of the Preferred Equity Holders.

Permitted Indebtedness means:

(a)any Indebtedness owing to any Agent or any Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;

(b)any other Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.02(b), and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness;

(c)Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness;

(d)Permitted Intercompany Investments;

(e)Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, surety, statutory, and appeal bonds;

(f)Indebtedness owed to any Person providing or financing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to the Loan Parties, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the period in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such period;

(g)the incurrence by any Loan Party of Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements that are incurred for the bona fide purpose of hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Partys operations and not for speculative purposes;

(h)Indebtedness incurred in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including so-called procurement cards or P-cards) or other similar cash management services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business and in an aggregate amount not to exceed $750,000 at any time outstanding;

(i)contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price (for the avoidance of doubt, not including any earn-out obligations), non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions;

(j)(I) Indebtedness of a Person whose assets or Equity Interests are acquired by the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,500,000 at any one time outstanding; provided, that such Indebtedness (i) is either Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness or a Capitalized Lease with respect to equipment, fixed or capital assets and/or real property, (ii) was in existence prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition, (iii) was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition and (iv) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by, or secured by the assets of, Administrative Borrower or any Person that was a Subsidiary prior to giving effect to 

37

such Permitted Acquisition and (II) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness;

(k)unsecured Indebtedness owing to the Seller that is incurred by the applicable Loan Party in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions so long as (i) the aggregate principal amount for all such Indebtedness (calculated, in the case of any earn out or similar obligation, as the maximum amount payable thereunder) does not exceed $10,000,000 at any one time outstanding, (ii) such unsecured Indebtedness does not provide for the payment of interest thereon in cash or Cash Equivalents prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date, (iii) such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, and (iv) such Indebtedness is otherwise on terms and conditions (including all economic terms and the absence of covenants) reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent;

(l)unsecured Indebtedness of the Administrative Borrower that is incurred on the date of the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition solely for the purpose of consummating such Permitted Acquisition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) such unsecured Indebtedness is not incurred for working capital purposes, (iii) such unsecured Indebtedness does not mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date, (iv) such unsecured Indebtedness does not amortize until 91 days after the Final Maturity Date, (v) such unsecured Indebtedness does not provide for the payment of interest thereon in cash or Cash Equivalents prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date, (vi) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and (vii) the aggregate principal amount for all such Indebtedness does not exceed $500,000 at any one time outstanding; 

(m)Subordinated Indebtedness other than Subordinated Indebtedness described in clause (k) above but when taken together with any Subordinated Indebtedness described in clause (l) above in an aggregate amount not exceeding $5,000,000 at any time outstanding; 

(n)Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under letters of credit in an aggregate stated amount not exceeding $5,000,000 at any time outstanding; 

(o)Guarantees of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (provided, that any guaranty of any Indebtedness of a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party made by a Loan Party shall constitute and Investment and shall only be permitted to the extent constituting a Permitted Investment);

(p)Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to directors or employees of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(q)other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding;

38

(r)to the extent constituting Indebtedness, the Preferred Equity, subject to the terms as in effect on the Effective Date; and 

(s)all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (r).

Permitted Intercompany Investments means Investments made by (a) a Loan Party to or in another Loan Party, (b) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to or in another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, (c) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to or in a Loan Party, so long as, in the case of a loan or advance, the parties thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, and (d) a Loan Party to or in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party so long as (i) the aggregate amount of all such Investments made by the Loan Parties to or in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties does not exceed, when combined with the aggregate amount of all Investments made after the Effective Date by a Loan Party in any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, the Non-Loan Party Shared Cap at any time outstanding, (ii) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing either before or after giving effect to such Investment, (iii) the Loan Parties have Liquidity of not less than $15,000,000 after giving effect to such Investment and (iv) the Administrative Agent has received a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower, dated as of the date of the Investment in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, demonstrating compliance with subclauses (ii) and (iii) above on a pro forma basis as of the last day of the last fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered under Section 7.01(a) after giving effect to such payment (as if made on the first day of such period).

Permitted Investments means:

(a)Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents;

(b)Investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business;

(c)(i) advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business, including Investments consisting of extensions of credit to customers, suppliers, lessors or utilities or for workers compensation in the ordinary course of business that are recorded as accounts receivable, prepaid expenses or deposits on the balance sheet of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP or other applicable accounting principles;

(d)Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an Account Debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries;

(e)Investments existing on the date hereof, as set forth on Schedule 7.02(e) hereto, but not any increase in the amount thereof as set forth in such Schedule (other than, for 

39

the avoidance of doubt, any such increase as a result of the increase of the value of such Investment);

(f)Permitted Intercompany Investments;

(g)Permitted Acquisitions; 

(h)loans and advances to officers, directors, consultants and employees of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $250,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes; 

(i)Investments consisting of (i) Liens and fundamental changes permitted under Sections 7.02(a) and (c), respectively, and (ii) Guarantees permitted by Section 7.02(b);

(j)Investments in Swap Contracts permitted under Section 7.02(b);

(k)promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Permitted Dispositions in an amount not to exceed $250,000 in the aggregate for all such Permitted Dispositions during the term of this Agreement;

(l)Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of UCC Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and UCC Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practice;

(m)(i) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss and (ii) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment;

(n)advances of payroll payments to employees in the ordinary course of business;

(o)Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000 in any Fiscal Year to the extent that payment for such Investments are made solely with Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower or the cash proceeds received by the Administrative Borrower from an issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests); and

(p)so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, any other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding.

40

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no Permitted Investment in any Affiliate of the Administrative Borrower that is not a Loan Party may consist of a transfer, assignment or exclusive license of any Material Asset and (ii) no Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party shall obtain any representation and warranty insurance policy in connection with the consummation of any Acquisition or similar Investment, unless such Person assigns its rights in respect of such representation and warranty insurance policy to a Loan Party pursuant to an assignment agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Permitted Liens means:

(a)Liens securing the Obligations;

(b)Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges the payment of which is (A) not delinquent by more than 30 days or (B) being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP;

(c)Liens imposed by law, such as carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted, and a reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made therefor;

(d)Liens described on Schedule 7.02(a), provided that (A) any such Lien shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Effective Date and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and (B) no such Lien extends to any additional property other than (x) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.02(b) and (y) proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon;

(e)Liens to secure Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness so long as any such Lien only (i) attaches to the property financed thereunder, after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into such property and proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon and (ii) secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire, construct or improve such property and/or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(f)deposits and pledges of cash securing (i) obligations incurred in respect of workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits, (ii) the performance of bids, tenders, leases, contracts (other than for the payment of money) and statutory obligations or (iii) obligations on surety or appeal bonds, but only to the extent such deposits or pledges are made or otherwise arise in the ordinary course of business and secure obligations not past due;

41

(g)with respect to any real property, easements, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not (i) secure obligations for the payment of money or (ii) individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the value of such property or its use by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the normal conduct of such Persons business;

(h)Liens of landlords and mortgagees of landlords (i) arising by statute or under any Lease or related Contractual Obligation entered into in the ordinary course of business, (ii) on fixtures and movable tangible property located on the real property leased or subleased from such landlord, or (iii) for amounts not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP;

(i)the title and interest of a lessor or sublessor in and to personal property leased or subleased (other than through a Capitalized Lease), in each case extending only to such personal property;

(j)non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business permitted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;

(k)judgment liens (other than for the payment of taxes, assessments or other governmental charges) securing judgments and other proceedings not constituting an Event of Default under Section 9.01(j);

(l)rights of set-off or bankers liens upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such deposit accounts in the ordinary course of business;

(m)Liens granted in the ordinary course of business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness;

(n)Liens assumed by the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition that secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness;

(o)Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by any Loan Party in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to a Permitted Acquisition; 

(p)Liens in cash collateral granted to secure up to 105% of the Indebtedness permitted by clause (n) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness; and

(q) other Liens which do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money or letters of credit and as to which the aggregate amount of the obligations secured thereby does not exceed $1,000,000.

42

Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations) incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets secured by a Lien permitted under clause (e) of the definition of Permitted Liens; provided that (a) such Indebtedness is incurred within 180 days after such financing, acquisition, construction or improvement, as applicable, (b) the principal amount of such Indebtedness when incurred shall not exceed the purchase price of the asset financed and (c) the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed $7,500,000 at any time outstanding.

Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means the extension of maturity, refinancing or modification of the terms of Indebtedness so long as:

(a)after giving effect to such extension, refinancing or modification, the amount of such Indebtedness is not greater than the amount of Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to such extension, refinancing or modification (other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the interest, fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto);

(b)such extension, refinancing or modification does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity (measured as of the extension, refinancing or modification) of the Indebtedness so extended, refinanced or modified (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to the Final Maturity Date);

(c)such extension, refinancing or modification is pursuant to terms that are not less favorable to the Loan Parties and the Lenders, taken as a whole, than the terms of the Indebtedness (including, without limitation, terms relating to the collateral (if any) and subordination (if any)) being extended, refinanced or modified, taken as a whole;

(d)the Indebtedness that is extended, refinanced or modified is not recourse to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is liable on account of the obligations other than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended;

(e)to the extent that the Indebtedness that is extended, refinanced or modified is secured, the Liens securing such Indebtedness satisfy the applicable requirements of Section 7.02(a); and

(f)(A) if such Indebtedness being extended, refinanced or modified was subordinated to the Obligations, then the Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall also be subordinated to the Obligations on terms and pursuant to documentation no less favorable to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (B) if such Indebtedness being extended, refinanced or modified is unsecured, then the Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall also be unsecured, (C) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is secured, it is not secured by any assets that did not previously secure such Indebtedness, (D) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is Guaranteed, it shall not be Guaranteed by any Person that did not previously guarantee such Indebtedness and (E) if such Indebtedness is incurred under (and 

43

pursuant to) documentation other than this Agreement; it is understood and agreed that any such Indebtedness that is pari passu with the Obligations hereunder in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with respect to the Obligations hereunder that are secured on a first lien basis may participate, with respect to voluntary prepayments, on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis, and with respect to mandatory prepayments, on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis), in each case, in respect of the Obligations, in each case as the Administrative Borrower and the relevant lender may agree.

Permitted Restricted Payments means any of the following Restricted Payments made by:

(a)Restricted Payments made by any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to such Loan Party and, if applicable, any other holders of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, ratably, 

(b)Restricted Payments made by the Administrative Borrower to pay dividends in the form of common Equity Interests or Preferred Equity of the Administrative Borrower, 

(c)(i) repurchases of Equity Interests in the Administrative Borrower deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants or other incentive interests in accordance with any employment contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of current or former employees, officers, directors or consultants shall be permitted, if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants, and (ii) payments made or expected to be made in respect of (x) withholding or similar Taxes payable by or on behalf of any future, present or former employee, officer, director or consultant and any repurchases of Equity Interests in consideration of such payments, including deemed repurchases, in connection with the exercise of stock options or warrants or net settlement of restricted stock units, deferred stock units or other incentive interests and (y) redemptions, purchases or other acquisitions in accordance with the net settlement and net exercise features in any employment contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of current or former employees, officers, directors or consultants shall, in each case, be permitted;

(d)redemptions in whole or in part of any Equity Interests of a Loan Party or Subsidiary for another class of its Equity Interests that is Qualified Equity Interests, or with proceeds from substantially concurrent equity contributions or issuances of new Equity Interests that are Qualified Equity Interests,

(e)the Administrative Borrower may make Restricted Payments to pay cash in lieu of fractional Equity Interests in connection with any dividend, split or combination thereof or any Permitted Acquisition (or other similar Investment), and

(f)after March 31, 2026, the Administrative Borrower to pay dividends to the Preferred Equity Holders so long as (i) such dividends are due and owing under the Preferred Equity Agreement at the time of such payment, (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred 

44

and is continuing either before or after giving effect to such dividends and (iii) the Loan Parties have Liquidity of not less than $30,000,000 after giving pro forma effect to such dividends.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Loan Party may transfer, assign or exclusively license any Material Asset to any Affiliate of the Administrative Borrower that is not a Loan Party and any such transaction shall not be a Permitted Restricted Payment.

Permitted Restrictions means (a) restrictions under the Loan Documents, (b) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property securing such Indebtedness, (c) customary provisions in leases, licenses and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, (d) customary restrictions and conditions with respect to property to be sold pursuant to a Permitted Disposition, pending the consummation of such Disposition, (e) any restrictions or conditions set forth in any agreement in effect at any time any Person becomes a Subsidiary (but not any modification or amendment expanding the scope of any such restriction or condition), provided that such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary, (f) any restrictions or conditions set forth in any agreement governing Permitted Indebtedness that are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, than the terms of the Loan Documents, (g) [reserved], (h) restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business and (i) customary provisions in joint venture organizational governance documents, depositary agreements, agreements relating to bank products, and Hedging Agreements, in each case, entered into in the ordinary course of business.

Permitted Specified Liens means Permitted Liens described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (h) and (i) of the definition of Permitted Liens.

Person means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, joint venture or other enterprise or entity or Governmental Authority.

Pine has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Preferred Equity Holders.

Post-Default Rate means a rate of interest per annum equal to the rate of interest otherwise in effect from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement plus 2.00%, or, if a rate of interest is not otherwise in effect, interest at the highest rate specified herein for any Loan then outstanding prior to an Event of Default plus 2.00%.

Preferred Equity means the Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower consisting of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (Series B Preferred Stock), that have been or may be issued from time to time.

Preferred Equity Agreement means the Certificate of Designations of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, as amended, and that certain Amended and Restated 

45

Stockholders Agreement , dated as of July 24, 2024, by and among the Administrative Borrower and the Preferred Equity Holders, as amended.

Preferred Equity Holders means: Charter Communications Holding Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Charter) Liberty Broadband Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Liberty) Pine Investor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company wholly owned by funds advised by Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. (Pine) the respective Affiliates of Charter, Liberty and Pine and Charters, Libertys and Pines respective Controlled Investment Affiliates.

Privilege Provisions has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(p).

Pro Forma Basis or pro forma or Pro Forma Effect or pro forma effect each means (subject to the terms of Section 1.08), as to any calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio or the Senior Leverage Ratio (including component definitions thereof), for any events as described below that occur during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (the Reference Period) (or after the end of such Reference Period but on or before the date of determination) for which the financial effect of such events is being calculated, and giving effect to the events for which such calculation is being made, such calculation as will give pro forma effect to such events as if such events occurred as of the first day of the Reference Period and that: (i) in making any determination of Consolidated EBITDA, effect shall be given to any Disposition, acquisition, Investment, capital expenditure, merger, amalgamation, consolidation (including the transactions contemplated hereby) (or any similar transaction or transactions not otherwise permitted under Section 7.02(b) or 7.02(e) that require a waiver or consent of the Required Lenders and such waiver or consent has been obtained), any dividend, distribution or other similar payment, which adjustments the Administrative Borrower determines in good faith (with the consent of the Administrative Agent) as set forth in a certificate of a chief financial officer, treasurer or similar officer of the Administrative Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent (the foregoing, together with any transactions related thereto or in connection therewith, and any other events that by the terms of the Loan Documents require pro forma compliance or determination on a pro forma basis, the Subject Transactions) and (ii) in making any determination on a Pro Forma Basis, (x) all Indebtedness (including Indebtedness issued, incurred or assumed as a result of, or to finance, any relevant transactions and for which the financial effect is being calculated, whether incurred under this Agreement or otherwise, but excluding normal fluctuations in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes) issued, incurred, assumed or permanently repaid during the Reference Period (or, unless otherwise specified, occurring during the Reference Period or thereafter and through and including the date of determination, if applicable) shall be deemed to have been issued, incurred, assumed or permanently repaid at the beginning of such period and (y) interest charges attributable to interest on any Indebtedness, for which pro forma effect is being given as provided in preceding clause(x), bearing floating interest rates shall be computed on a pro forma basis as if the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination would have been in effect during the period for which pro forma effect is being given.

46

Pro forma calculations made pursuant to this shall be determined in good faith by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower and, to the extent applicable, in compliance with Section 1.08 and in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other Permitted Investment shall be based on the consolidated balance sheet of such acquired Person or business and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of its most recent Fiscal Year or the most recent fiscal period preceding such Permitted Acquisition or other Permitted Investment and the related consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such period, which shall have been previously provided to Administrative Agent and shall either (1) have been reported on without a qualification arising out of the scope of the audit by independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing or (2) have been found reasonably acceptable by Administrative Agent.

In the case of any calculation for any event described above that occurs prior to the date on which financial statements have been (or are required to be) delivered for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2024, any such calculation required to be made on a Pro Forma Basis or pro forma basis shall use the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(g)(ii) for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. It is hereby agreed that for purposes of determining pro forma compliance with Section 7.03, if no Test Period with an applicable level cited in Section 7.03 has passed, the applicable level shall be the level for the first Test Period cited in Section 7.03 with an indicated level.

Pro Rata Share means, with respect to:

(a)a Lenders obligation to make Revolving Loans and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (A) such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment, by (B) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, provided, that, if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lenders Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances) and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances),

(b)a Lenders obligation to make the Initial Term Loan and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) such Lenders Initial Term Loan Commitment, by (ii) the total Initial Term Loan Commitment, provided that if the total Initial Term Loan Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lenders portion of the Initial Term Loans and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Initial Term Loans,

(c)[reserved], and

(d)all other matters (including, without limitation, the indemnification obligations arising under Section 10.05), the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the sum of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment and the unpaid principal amount of such Lenders portion of the Term Loan, by (ii) the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, provided, that, if such Lenders Revolving 

47

Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lenders Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances) and if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances).

Projections means financial projections of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(g)(ii), as updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii).

Purchase Price means, with respect to any Acquisition, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate consideration, whether cash, property or securities (including, without limitation, the fair market value of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries issued in connection with such Acquisition), paid or delivered by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration, including, without limitation, in the form of seller financing, royalty payments, payments allocated towards non-compete covenants, payments to principals for consulting services or other similar payments) in connection with such Acquisition, plus (b) the aggregate amount of outstanding liabilities of the acquired business (net of current assets of the acquired business) that would be reflected on a balance sheet (if such were to be prepared) of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries after giving effect to such Acquisition, plus (c) the aggregate amount of all transaction fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Acquisition.

Qualified Cash means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties maintained in or credited to deposit accounts in the name of a Loan Party in the United States as of such date, which deposit accounts are subject to Control Agreements; providedthat, (x) for the period from the Effective Date to the date that is sixty (60) days following the Effective Date (or such longer period agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), such deposit accounts shall not be required to be subject to Control Agreements and shall, notwithstanding the foregoing, be permitted to be counted as Qualified Cash during such time period.

Qualified Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Equity Interests.

Recipient means any Agent and any Lender, as applicable.

Reference Rate means, for any period, the greatest of (a) 4.00% per annum, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% per annum, (c) Adjusted Term SOFR (which rate shall be calculated based upon an Interest Period of 1 month) plus 1.00% per annum, and (d) the rate last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein 

48

(as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Reference Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective.

Reference Rate Loan means each portion of a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Reference Rate.

Reference Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Register has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(f).

Registered Intellectual Property means Intellectual Property that is issued, registered, renewed or the subject of a pending application.

Registered Loans has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(f).

Regulation T, Regulation U and Regulation X mean, respectively, Regulations T, U and X of the Board or any successor, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

Related Fund means, with respect to any Person, an Affiliate of such Person, or a fund or account managed by such Person or an Affiliate of such Person.

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the direct and indirect equityholders, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, seeping, migrating, dumping or disposing of any Hazardous Material (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, containers and other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material) into the indoor or outdoor environment, including, without limitation, the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in any environmental media, including the indoor or outdoor air, soil, surface or ground water, sediments or property.

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto.

Remedial Action means any action (a) to correct, mitigate, or address any actual, alleged or threatened violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit, or (b) to clean up, remove, remediate, mitigate, abate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, investigate, prevent, minimize or in any other way address any environmental condition or the actual, alleged or threatened presence, Release or threatened 

49

Release of any Hazardous Materials (including the performance of pre-remedial studies and investigations and post-remedial operation and maintenance activities).

Replacement Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(c).

Reportable Event means an event described in Section 4043 of ERISA (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived by regulation).

Required Lenders means Lenders whose Pro Rata Shares (calculated in accordance with clause (d) of the definition thereof) aggregate at least 50.1%.

Required Prepayment Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(g).

Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and any and all federal, state, provincial, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, rules and regulations, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities), and the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, in each case that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any U.K. Financial Institution, a U.K. Resolution Authority.

Restricted Payment means (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, together with any payment or distribution pursuant to a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, (b) the making of any repurchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (c) the making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition of shares of any class of Equity Interests of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (d) the return of any Equity Interests to any shareholders or other equity holders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or the making of any other distribution of property, assets, shares of Equity Interests, warrants, rights, options, obligations or securities thereto as such or (e) the payment of any management, consulting, monitoring or advisory fees or any other similar fees or expenses (including the reimbursement thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries) pursuant to any management, consulting, monitoring, advisory or other similar services agreement to any of the shareholders or other equityholders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, or to any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of any Loan Party (excluding any payments of the fees and expenses of directors and board observers). For the avoidance of doubt, usual and customary transfer pricing arrangements between or among the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices shall not constitute Restricted Payments.

50

Revolving Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name in Schedule 1.01(A) hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amount may be terminated or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Revolving Loan means a loan made by a Lender to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(i).

Revolving Loan Lender means a Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment or a Revolving Loan.

Revolving Loan Obligations means any Obligations with respect to the Revolving Loans (including without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto).

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, with respect to the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred.

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory that is the subject or target of any comprehensive Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (which, as of the Effective Date, include the Crimea, Donetsk Peoples Republic, and Luhansk Peoples Republic regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria).

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, OFACs Sectoral Sanctions Identification List, or any other Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) a Person that resides in, is organized in, or is located in, a Sanctioned Country (c) any Person with whom or with which a U.S. Person is otherwise prohibited from dealing under any of the Sanctions, or (d) any Person owned 50% or more by or, to the extent relevant under applicable Sanctions, controlled by any Person or Persons described in clause (a) or (b).

Sanctions means Requirements of Law concerning or relating to economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority.

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other similar or successor agency of the Federal government administering the Securities Act.

51

Secured Party means any Agent, and any Lender.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect from time to time.

Securitization has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(l).

Security Agreement means a Pledge and Security Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties securing the Obligations.

Security Breaches has the meaning given to such term in Section 6.01(ii).

Senior Debt means Total Debt, other than any Indebtedness that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations. 

Senior Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries for any Test Period, the ratio of (a) all Senior Debt of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such Test Period.

Seller means any Person that sells Equity Interests or other property or assets to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party in a Permitted Acquisition.

Series B Preferred Stock has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Preferred Equity.

Settlement Period has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(d)(i) hereof.

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

SOFR Deadline has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.07(a).

SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Reference Rate.

SOFR Notice means a written notice substantially in the form of Exhibit D.

52

SOFR Option has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.07(a).

Solvent means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is not less than the total amount of the liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and matured, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Persons property would constitute unreasonably small capital. For the purposes hereof, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liability meets the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5).

Standard & Poors means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Subordinated Indebtedness means unsecured Indebtedness of any Loan Party the terms of which (including, without limitation, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, defaults and other material terms) are satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and which has been expressly subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness of such Loan Party under the Loan Documents (a) by the execution and delivery of a subordination agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, or (b) otherwise on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person at any date, any corporation, limited or general partnership, limited liability company, trust, estate, association, joint venture or other business entity (a) the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Persons consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP or (b) of which more than 50% of (i) the outstanding Equity Interests having (in the absence of contingencies) ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership or limited liability company or (iii) in the case of a trust, estate, association, joint venture or other entity, the beneficial interest in such trust, estate, association, joint venture or other entity business is, at the time of determination, owned or controlled directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, by such Person. References to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Administrative Borrower unless the context expressly provides otherwise.

Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

53

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Termination Date means the first date on which all of the Obligations are paid in full in cash (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and the Commitments of the Lenders are terminated; provided that if such day is not a Business Day then the Termination Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.

Term Loan means an Initial Term Loan.

Term Loan Commitment means an Initial Term Loan Commitment.

Term Loan Lender means a Lender with a Term Loan Commitment or a Term Loan.

Term Loan Obligations means any Obligations with respect to the Term Loan (including, without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto).

Term SOFR means,

(a)for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and

(b)for any calculation with respect to a Reference Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one (1) month on the day (such day, the Reference Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Reference Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate 

54

for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Reference Rate Term SOFR Determination Day;

provided, further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or clause (b) above) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor.

Term SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation with respect to a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum equal to the percentage set forth below for the applicable Type of such Loan and (if applicable) Interest Period therefor:

Reference Rate Loans:

0.11448%

SOFR Loans:

Interest Period Percentage

1 month 0.11448%

3 months 0.26161%

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion).

Term SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the Loans bearing interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR comprising such Borrowing.

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Test Period means, as of any date of determination, the four consecutive quarters of the Administrative Borrower most recently ended as of such time for which financial statements are required to be delivered (or are actually delivered, if earlier) pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(ii) or Section 7.01(a)(iii); provided that for any date of determination before the delivery of the first financial statements pursuant to 7.01(a)(ii) or Section 7.01(a)(iii), the Test Period shall be the period of four consecutive quarters of the Administrative Borrower most recently ended as of such time.

Threshold Amount means $1,000,000.

Total Commitment means the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the Total Term Loan Commitment.

55

Total Debt means, as of the last day of any Test Period, all outstanding Indebtedness of the kind described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of the definition thereof of any Person and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP; provided that for purposes of calculating Total Debt, Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit acceptances and similar facilities shall not be included (except to the extent of drawn and unreimbursed amounts thereunder).

Total Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries for any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Total Debt to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such Test Period.

Total Revolving Credit Commitment means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments.

Total Term Loan Commitment means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders Term Loan Commitments.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any prepayment subject to the Make-Whole Amount, a rate per annum (computed on the basis of actual days elapsed over a year of 360 days) equal to (a) the rate determined by the Administrative Agent on the date 3 Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment, to be the yield expressed as a rate listed in The Wall Street Journal for United States Treasury securities most nearly equal to the period from the date of such prepayment, repayment or date of required repayment to and including the first anniversary of the Effective Date plus (b) 0.50%.

Type, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or the Reference Rate.

UCC Filing Authorization Letter means a letter duly executed by each Loan Party authorizing the Collateral Agent to file appropriate financing statements on Form UCC-1 without the signature of such Loan Party in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests purported to be created by the Security Agreement.

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Uniform Commercial Code or UCC has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.04.

Unused Line Fee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.06(a).

USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (PATRIOT) Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, Oct. 26, 2001)) as amended by the USA Patriot Improvement 

56

and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Pub. L. 109-177, March 9, 2006) and as the same may have been or may be further renewed, extended, amended, or replaced.

U.K. Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

U.K. Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any U.K. Financial Institution.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(d)(ii)(B)(3).

VCOC Management Rights Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.01(d).

Waivable Mandatory Prepayment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(g).

WARN has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(p).

Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent.

Working Capital means, at any date of determination thereof, (a) the sum, for any Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, of (i) all current assetsof such Person and its Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAPas at such date of determination (other than cash, Cash Equivalents, any Indebtedness owing to such Person or any of its Subsidiaries by Affiliates of such Person and the current portion of deferred tax assets), minus (b) the sum, for such Person and its Subsidiaries, of (i) allcurrent liabilitiesof such Person and its Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP as at such date of determination (other than the current portion of long-term debt, the current portion of all accrued interest and taxes).

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) 

57

with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any U.K. Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

Section 1.02. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, amendments, amendments and restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any right or interest in or to assets and properties of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible.

Section 1.03. Certain Matters of Construction.

(a)References in this Agreement to determination by any Agent include good faith estimates by such Agent (in the case of quantitative determinations) and good faith beliefs by such Agent (in the case of qualitative determinations). A Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which such Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement; and an Event of Default shall continue or be continuing until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by the Required Lenders. Any Lien referred to in this Agreement or any other Loan Document as having been created in favor of any Agent, any agreement entered into by any Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any payment made by or to or funds received by any Agent pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any act taken or omitted to be taken by any Agent, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be created, entered into, made or received, or taken or omitted, for the benefit or account of the Agents and the Lenders. Wherever the phrase to the knowledge of any Loan Party or words of similar import relating to the knowledge or the awareness of any Loan Party are used in this Agreement or any other Loan 

58

Document, such phrase shall mean and refer to (i) the actual knowledge of a senior officer of any Loan Party or (ii) the knowledge that a senior officer would have obtained if such officer had engaged in good faith and diligent performance of such officers duties, including the making of such reasonably specific inquiries as may be necessary of the employees or agents of such Loan Party and a good faith attempt to ascertain the existence or accuracy of the matter to which such phrase relates. All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a default if such action is taken or condition exists. In addition, all representations and warranties hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular representation or warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation or warranty concerning the same or similar subject matter is correct or is not breached will not affect the incorrectness of a breach of a representation or warranty hereunder.

(b)Any reference herein to a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, liquidation, winding up, dissolution, assignment, sale, lease, Investment, disposition, Restricted Payment, conveyance or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division (whether pursuant to a divisive merger, plan of division, or other comparable event under any jurisdictions law) of or by a Person, or an allocation of assets to any Person or series of Persons, as if it were a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, liquidation, winding up, dissolution, assignment, sale, lease, Investment, disposition, Restricted Payment, conveyance or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division (whether pursuant to a divisive merger, plan of division, or other comparable event under any jurisdictions law) of a Person shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any, and such separate Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Stock at such time.

Section 1.04. Accounting and Other Terms.

(a)Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, each accounting term used herein shall have the meaning given it under GAAP. For purposes of determining compliance with any incurrence or expenditure tests set forth in Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 7.03, any amounts so incurred or expended (to the extent incurred or expended in a currency other than Dollars) shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent or, in the event no such service is available, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) as in effect on the date of such incurrence or expenditure under any provision of any such Section that has an aggregate Dollar limitation provided for therein (and to the extent the respective incurrence or expenditure test regulates the aggregate amount outstanding at any time and it is expressed in terms of Dollars, all outstanding amounts originally incurred or spent in currencies other than Dollars shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be 

59

reasonably selected by the Agents or, in the event no such service is selected, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Agents) as in effect on the date of any new incurrence or expenditures made under any provision of any such Section that regulates the Dollar amount outstanding at any time). 

(b)All terms used in this Agreement which are defined in Article 8 or Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York (the Uniform Commercial Code or the UCC) and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as set forth therein, provided that terms used herein which are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York on the date hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of such statute except as any Agent may otherwise determine.

Section 1.05. Time References. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all references to time of day refer to Eastern Standard Time or Eastern daylight saving time, as in effect in New York City on such day. For purposes of the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each means to but excluding; provided, however, that with respect to a computation of fees or interest payable to any Secured Party, such period shall in any event consist of at least one full day. Whenever any action or delivery to be taken or made under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such action or delivery shall be deemed to be due on the next succeeding Business Day.

Section 1.06. Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to Reference Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, Reference Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Reference Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its sole discretion to ascertain Reference Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or 

60

calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

Section 1.07. [Reserved].

Section 1.08. Certain Calculations and Tests. For purposes of calculating the Total Leverage Ratio, the Senior Leverage Ratio or the amount of Consolidated EBITDA, acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, consolidations, and disposed operations (as determined in accordance with GAAP) that have been made by the Administrative Borrower or any Subsidiary during the Test Period or subsequent to such Test Period and on or prior to or simultaneously with the date of determination shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming that all such Investments, acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, consolidations, and disposed operations (and the change in any associated fixed charge obligations and the change in Consolidated EBITDA resulting therefrom) had occurred on the first day of the Test Period. If, during such period, any Person (that subsequently became a Subsidiary or was merged with or into the Administrative Borrower or Subsidiary since the beginning of such period) shall have made any Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, consolidation, or disposed operation that would have required adjustment pursuant to this Section or the definition of Pro Forma Basis, then the Total Leverage Ratio, the Senior Leverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated giving Pro Forma Effect thereto for such Test Period as if such Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, consolidation, or disposed operation had occurred at the beginning of the Test Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 1.08 or in the definition of Pro Forma Basis, when calculating the Total Leverage Ratio and Senior Leverage Ratio, as applicable, for purposes of (i) Section 2.05(c)(i), (ii) actual (but not pro forma) compliance with Section 7.03 and (iii) the Applicable Margin, the events described in this Section 1.08 and within the definition of Pro Forma Basis that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect.

Section 1.09. Divisions. Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity).

ARTICLE II

THE LOANS

Section 2.01. Commitments.

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions and relying upon the representations and warranties herein set forth:

61

(i)each Revolving Loan Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers at any time and from time to time during the term of this Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment; and

(ii)each Initial Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make the Initial Term Loan to the Borrowers on the Effective Date, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount of such Lenders Initial Term Loan Commitment.

(b)Notwithstanding the foregoing:

(i)The aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding at any time to the Borrowers shall not exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. The Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender shall automatically and permanently be reduced to zero on the Final Maturity Date. Within the foregoing limits, the Borrowers may borrow, repay and reborrow, the Revolving Loans on or after the Effective Date and prior to the Final Maturity Date, subject to the terms, provisions and limitations set forth herein. No Revolving Loans shall be advanced on the Effective Date.

(ii)The aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loan made on the Effective Date shall not exceed the Initial Total Term Loan Commitment. Any principal amount of the Initial Term Loan which is repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed.

Section 2.02. Making the Loans. (a) The Administrative Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prior written notice (in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (a Notice of Borrowing)), not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date which is three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Loan (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent is willing to accommodate from time to time,but in no event later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date which is one (1) Business Day prior to the borrowing date of the proposed Loan). Such Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the principal amount of the proposed Loan, (ii) in the case of Loans requested on the Effective Date, whether such Loan is requested to be a Revolving Loan or the Initial Term Loan, (iii) whether the Loan is requested to be a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan and, in the case of a SOFR Loan, the initial Interest Period with respect thereto, (iv) the use of the proceeds of such proposed Loan, (v) the wire instructions for the proceeds of such proposed Loan, and (vi) the proposed borrowing date, which must be a Business Day, and, with respect to the Initial Term Loan, must be the Effective Date. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders may act without liability upon the basis of written notice believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from the Administrative Borrower (or from any Authorized Officer thereof designated in writing purportedly from the Administrative Borrower to the Administrative Agent). Each Borrower hereby waives the right to dispute the Administrative Agents record of the terms of any such Notice of Borrowing. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any Authorized Officers authority to request a Loan on behalf of the Borrowers until the Administrative Agent receives written notice to the contrary. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have no duty to verify the authenticity of the signature appearing on any written Notice of Borrowing.

62

(b)Each Notice of Borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.02 shall be irrevocable and the Borrowers shall be bound to make a borrowing in accordance therewith. Each Revolving Loan shall be made in a minimum amount of $500,000 and shall be in an integral multiple of $100,000 (or such lesser amount that is equal to the entire available amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such time). 

(c)(i) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.02(c), all Loans under this Agreement shall be made by the Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their Pro Rata Shares of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment or the Initial Term Loan Commitment, as the case may be, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in that other Lenders obligations to make a Loan requested hereunder, nor shall the Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of the default by any other Lender in that other Lenders obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder, and each Lender shall be obligated to make the Loans required to be made by it by the terms of this Agreement regardless of the failure by any other Lender. 

(ii)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and in order to reduce the number of fund transfers among the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders, the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders agree that the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), and the Borrowers and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to, fund, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.01, subject to the procedures for settlement set forth in Section 2.02(d); provided, however, that (A) the Administrative Agent shall in no event fund any such Revolving Loans if the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders on the Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Loan that one or more of the conditions precedent contained in Section 5.02 will not be satisfied at the time of the proposed Revolving Loan, and (B) the Administrative Agent shall not otherwise be required to determine that, or take notice whether, the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied. If the Administrative Borrower gives a Notice of Borrowing requesting a Revolving Loan and the Administrative Agent elects not to fund such Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, then promptly after receipt of the Notice of Borrowing requesting such Revolving Loan, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the specifics of the requested Revolving Loan and that it will not fund the requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders. If the Administrative Agent notifies the Revolving Loan Lenders that it will not fund a requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, each Revolving Loan Lender shall make its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loan available to the Administrative Agent, in immediately available funds, in the Administrative Agents Accounts no later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (provided that the Administrative Agent requests payment from such Revolving Loan Lender not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time)) on the date of the proposed Revolving Loan. The Administrative Agent will make the proceeds of such Revolving Loans available to the Borrowers on the day of the proposed Revolving Loan by causing an amount, in immediately available funds, equal to the proceeds of all such Revolving Loans received by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agents Accounts or the amount funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of 

63

the Revolving Loan Lenders to be deposited in an account designated by the Administrative Borrower.

(iii)If the Administrative Agent has notified the Revolving Loan Lenders that the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, will not fund a particular Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.02(c)(ii), the Administrative Agent may assume that each such Revolving Loan Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such day and the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may, but shall not be obligated to, cause a corresponding amount to be made available to the Borrowers on such day. If the Administrative Agent makes such corresponding amount available to the Borrowers and such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by any such Revolving Loan Lender, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for 3 Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate. During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative Agent to the Borrowers shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account. Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Administrative Borrower of such failure and the Borrowers shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent for its own account.

(iv)Nothing in this Section 2.02(c) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligations to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder.

(d)(i) With respect to all periods for which the Administrative Agent has funded Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.02(c), on Friday of each week, or if the applicable Friday is not a Business Day, then on the following Business Day, or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may from time to time select (any such week or shorter period being herein called a Settlement Period), the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding as of the last day of each such Settlement Period. In the event that such amount is greater than the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding on the last day of the Settlement Period immediately preceding such Settlement Period (or, if there has been no preceding Settlement Period, the amount of the Revolving Loans made on the date of such Revolving Loan Lenders initial funding), each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly (and in any event not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) if the Administrative Agent requests payment from such Lender not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on such day) make available to the Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds. In the event that such amount is less than such unpaid principal amount, the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay 

64

over to each Revolving Loan Lender its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds. In addition, if the Administrative Agent shall so request at any time when a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or any other event shall have occurred as a result of which the Administrative Agent shall determine that it is desirable to present claims against the Borrowers for repayment, each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly remit to the Administrative Agent or, as the case may be, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to each Revolving Loan Lender, sufficient funds to adjust the interests of the Revolving Loan Lenders in the then outstanding Revolving Loans to such an extent that, after giving effect to such adjustment, each such Revolving Loan Lenders interest in the then outstanding Revolving Loans will be equal to its Pro Rata Share thereof. The obligations of the Administrative Agent and each Revolving Loan Lender under this Section 2.02(d) shall be absolute and unconditional. Each Revolving Loan Lender shall only be entitled to receive interest on its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans which have been funded by such Revolving Loan Lender.

(ii)In the event that any Revolving Loan Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.02(d)(i), the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for 3 Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate. During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative Agent to the Borrowers shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account. Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Administrative Borrower of such failure and the Borrowers shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent for its own account. Nothing in this Section 2.02(d)(ii) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder.

Section 2.03. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a) The outstanding principal of all Revolving Loans shall be due and payable on the Final Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they are declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(b)The outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan shall be repayable on the following dates and in the following amounts set forth opposite such dates (as such amounts may be reduced from time to time on a dollar-for-dollar basis with the aggregate principal amount of prepayments of Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii) and Section 2.05(c)):

65

Date Amount

March 31, 2025 $112,500

June 30, 2025 $112,500

September 30, 2025 $112,500

December 31, 2025 $112,500

March 31, 2026 $562,500

June 30, 2026 $562,500

September 30, 2026 $562,500

December 31, 2026 $562,500

March 31, 2027 $562,500

June 30, 2027 $562,500

September 30, 2027 $562,500

December 31, 2027 $562,500

March 31, 2028 $562,500

June 30, 2028 $562,500

September 30, 2028 $562,500

December 31, 2028 $562,500

; provided, however, that (i) if any such date is not a Business Day then the installment due on such date shall instead be paid on the immediately preceding Business Day, and (ii) the last such installment shall be in the amount necessary to repay in full the unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. The outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable in full in cash on the earliest of (i) the Final Maturity Date and (ii) the date on which the Term Loan is declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(c)Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.

66

(d)The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrowers to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof.

(e)The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(c) or Section 2.03(d) shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that (i) the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) in the event of any conflict between the entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(c) and the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d), the Register and corresponding accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d) shall govern and control, absent manifest error.

(f)Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender in a form furnished by the Collateral Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Borrower. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 12.07) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein.

Section 2.04. Interest.

(a)Revolving Loans. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Administrative Borrower, each Revolving Loan shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan. Each Revolving Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin. Each Revolving Loan that is a SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Loan plus the Applicable Margin.

(b)Term Loan. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Administrative Borrower, the Term Loan or any portion thereof shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan. Each portion of the Term Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin, and each portion of the Term Loan that is a SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR rate for the Interest Period in effect for the Term Loan (or such portion thereof) plus the Applicable Margin.

(c)Default Interest. To the extent permitted by law and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an 

67

Event of Default, at the election of the Administrative Agent, the principal of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all Loans, fees, indemnities or any other Obligations of the Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall bear interest, from the date such Event of Default occurred until the date such Event of Default is cured or waived in writing in accordance herewith, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the Post-Default Rate.

(d)Interest Payment. Interest on each Loan shall be payable (i) in the case of a Reference Rate Loan, monthly, in arrears, on the first Business Day of each month, commencing on the first Business Day of the month following the month in which such Loan is made, (ii) in the case of a SOFR Loan, on the last Business Day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and (iii) in the case of each Loan, on the Final Maturity Date (whether upon demand, by acceleration or otherwise. Interest at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable on demand. Each Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account pursuant to Section 4.01 with the amount of any interest payment due and payable hereunder.

(e)General. All interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days, including the first day but excluding the last day, elapsed.

(f)Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Administrative Borrower and the Lenders prior to the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR.

Section 2.05. Reduction of Commitment; Prepayment of Loans.

(a)Reduction of Commitments.

(i)Revolving Credit Commitments. The Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall terminate on the Final Maturity Date. The Borrowers may from time to time reduce the Total Revolving Credit Commitment to an amount (which may be zero) not less than the sum of (A) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans then outstanding, and (B) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans not yet made as to which a Notice of Borrowing has been given by the Administrative Borrower under Section 2.02. Each such reduction shall be (1) in an amount which is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or by the full amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment in effect immediately prior to such reduction if such amount at that time is less than $1,000,000), (2) made by providing not less than 5 Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, and (3) irrevocable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowers may rescind or postpone any such notice of reduction if such reduction would have resulted from a refinancing of any Loans, which refinancing shall not be consummated or otherwise shall be delayed. Once reduced, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment may not be increased. Each such reduction of the Total 

68

Revolving Credit Commitment shall reduce the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender proportionately in accordance with its Pro Rata Share thereof.

(ii)Term Loan. 

(A)The Initial Total Term Loan Commitment shall automatically terminate in its entirety and be reduced to zero on the Effective Date upon the funding of the Initial Term Loan.

(B)[reserved].

(C)Each such reduction of the Initial Total Term Loan Commitment upon the funding of the Initial Term Loan shall reduce the Initial Term Loan Commitment of each Lender proportionally in accordance with its Pro Rata Share thereof.

(b)Optional Prepayment.

(i)Revolving Loans. The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time without any Applicable Premium (other than after the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (c), (d) or (e) of the definition thereof) or any other premium or penalty, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, prepay the principal of any Revolving Loan, in whole or in part. 

(ii)Term Loan. The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, upon at least 5 Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, prepay the principal of the Term Loan, in whole or in part. Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(ii) shall be accompanied by the payment of (A) accrued interest to the date of such payment on the amount prepaid and (B) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Term Loan. Each such prepayment shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal due on the Term Loan in the inverse order of maturity.

(iii)Termination of Agreement. The Borrowers may, upon at least ten Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate this Agreement by paying to the Administrative Agent, in cash, the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted), in full, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement. If the Administrative Borrower has sent a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(iii), then the Lenders obligations to extend credit hereunder shall terminate and the Borrowers shall be obligated to repay the Obligations, in full, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement on the date set forth as the date of termination of this Agreement in such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowers may rescind or postpone any such notice of termination if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of any Loans, which refinancing shall not be consummated or otherwise shall be delayed.

69

(c)Mandatory Prepayment.

(i)Contemporaneously with the delivery to the Administrative Agent of audited annual financial statements pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), commencing with the delivery to the Administrative Agent of the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2025 or, if such financial statements are not delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), on the date such statements are required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), the Borrowers shall, if the Total Leverage Ratio of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Test Period is (A) greater than 2.25:1.00, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to (1) 75% of the Excess Cash Flow of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year minus (2) the aggregate principal amount of all payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b) for such Fiscal Year (in the case of payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i), only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), or (B) equal to or less than 2.25:1.00, but greater than 1.75:1.00, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to (1) 50% of the Excess Cash Flow of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year minus (2) the aggregate principal amount of all payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b) for such Fiscal Year (in the case of payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i), only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), or (C) equal to or less than 1.75:1.00 but greater than 1.25:1.00, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to (1) 25% of the Excess Cash Flow of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year minus (2) the aggregate principal amount of all payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b) for such Fiscal Year (in the case of payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i), only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments); provided that, if the Total Leverage Ratio of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Test Period is equal to or less than 1.25:1.00, no prepayment of the Loans shall be required under this clause (i).

(ii)Subject to Section 2.05(c)(vi), within five (5) days of any Disposition, which qualifies as a Permitted Disposition under clauses (e), (f), (m) or (n) of the definition of Permitted Disposition or any Disposition that is not permitted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such Disposition to the extent that the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (and not paid to the Administrative Agent as a prepayment of the Loans) shall exceed for all such Dispositions $500,000 in any Fiscal Year. Nothing contained in this Section 2.05(c)(ii) shall permit any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to make a Disposition of any property other than in accordance with Section 7.02(c)(ii)

70

(iii)Upon the issuance or incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness) or upon an Equity Issuance (other than (x) any Excluded Equity Issuances and (y) any other Equity Issuances to the extent the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (and not paid to the Administrative Agent as a prepayment of the Loans) do not exceed for all such Equity Issuances $1,000,000 in any Fiscal Year) (for the avoidance of doubt, issuance of additional Preferred Equity (other than deemed issuances in the form of payments of dividends that are paid-in-kind) shall constitute an Equity Issuance for purposes of this Section 2.05(c)(iii)), the Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith. The provisions of this Section 2.05(c)(iii) shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such issuance, incurrence or sale otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(iv)Subject to Section 2.05(c)(vi), within five (5) days of the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Extraordinary Receipts, the Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith, to the extent that the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (and not paid to the Administrative Agent as a prepayment of the Loans) shall exceed for all such Extraordinary Receipts $500,000 in any Fiscal Year.

(v)[Reserved].

(vi)Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Net Cash Proceeds received by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a Disposition or the receipt of Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards that are required to be used to prepay the Obligations pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(ii) or Section 2.05(c)(iv), as the case may be, shall not be required to be so used to prepay the Obligations to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds are used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets (other than current assets) that are used or useful in such Persons business, provided that, (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date such Person receives such Net Cash Proceeds, (B) the Administrative Borrower delivers a certificate to the Administrative Agent within 5 days after receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds in connection with such Disposition or loss, destruction or taking, as the case may be, stating that such Net Cash Proceeds shall be used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets that are used or useful in such Persons business (provided, that to the extent the Disposed properties assets or the properties assets in respect of which such Extraordinary Receipts were received constituted Collateral, such replaced, repaired or restored properties or assets shall also constitute Collateral) within a period specified in such certificate not to exceed 180 days after the date of receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (which certificate shall set forth estimates of the Net Cash Proceeds to be so expended), (C) such Net Cash Proceeds are deposited in an account subject to a Control Agreement, (D) the aggregate amount of such Net Cash Proceeds shall not exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year (it being understood and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, that any such amount in excess of $2,000,000 in any Fiscal Year shall not be subject to any reinvestment rights and shall 

71

be required to prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.05(c)(ii) or Section 2.05(c)(iv), as applicable), and (E) upon the earlier of (1) the expiration of the period specified in the relevant certificate furnished to the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (B) above or (2) the occurrence of an Event of Default, such Net Cash Proceeds, if not theretofore so used, shall be used to prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.05(c)(ii) or Section 2.05(c)(iv) as applicable.

(d)Application of Payments. Each prepayment pursuant to subsections (c)(i), (c)(ii), (c)(iii), (c)(iv) and (c)(v) above shall be applied, first, to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan, until paid in full and second, to the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans (with a corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitments), until paid in full. Each such prepayment of the Term Loan shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal of the Term Loan in the inverse order of maturity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, if the Administrative Agent has elected, or has been directed by the Required Lenders, to apply payments in respect of any Obligations in accordance with Section 4.03(b), prepayments required under Section 2.05(c) shall be applied in the manner set forth in Section 4.03(b).

(e)Interest and Fees. Any prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.05 shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest on the principal amount being prepaid to the date of prepayment, (ii) any Funding Losses payable pursuant to Section 2.08, (iii) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Loans to the extent required under Section 2.06(b) and (iv) if such prepayment would reduce the amount of the outstanding Loans to zero at a time when the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been terminated in full, such prepayment shall be accompanied by the payment of all fees accrued to such date pursuant to Section 2.06.

(f)Cumulative Prepayments. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.05, payments with respect to any subsection of this Section 2.05 are in addition to payments made or required to be made under any other subsection of this Section 2.05.

(g)Waivable Mandatory Prepayments. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the Borrowers are required to make any mandatory prepayment (a Waivable Mandatory Prepayment) of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(c), not less than 2 Business Days prior to the date on which the Borrowers are required to make such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment (the Required Prepayment Date), the Administrative Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of the amount of such prepayment, and the Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter notify each Lender of the amount of such Lenders Pro Rata Share of such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment and such Lenders option to refuse such amount. Each such Lender may exercise such option by giving written notice to the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent of its election to do so on or before 12:00 noon (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the Required Prepayment Date (it being understood that any Lender that does not notify the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent of its election to exercise such option on or before 12:00 noon (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the Required Prepayment Date shall be deemed to have 

72

elected, as of such date, not to exercise such option). On the Required Prepayment Date, the Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent the amount of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment, which amount shall be applied (i) in an amount equal to that portion of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment payable to those Lenders that have elected not to exercise such option, to prepay the Loans of such Lenders (which prepayment shall be applied to prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d)) and (ii) to the extent of any excess, to those Lenders that have elected not to exercise the refusal option, on a pro rata basis (based upon the portion of the Loans held by each such Lender that elected not to exercise the refusal option, as compared to the aggregate amount of the Loans held by all such Lenders that did not elect to exercise the refusal Option) to prepay the Loans of such Lenders, or, to the extent any such Lender refuses the excess amount specified in this clause (ii) (or to the extent the Loans of all such Lenders have been repaid in full), to the Borrowers for working capital and general corporate purposes.

Section 2.06. Fees.

(a)Unused Line Fee. From and after the Effective Date and until the Termination Date, the Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Loan Lenders, in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, quarterly in arrears on the first day of each quarter commencing January 1, 2025, an unused line fee (the Unused Line Fee), which shall accrue at the rate per annum of 1.00% on the excess, if any, of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment over the sum of the average principal amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding from time to time during the preceding quarter (or in the case of the first such Unused Line Fee payment to be made after the Effective Date, during the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2024).

(b)Applicable Premium.

(i)Upon the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event, the Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, the Applicable Premium, if any, with respect to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event. 

(ii)Any Applicable Premium payable in accordance with this Section 2.06(b) shall be presumed to be equal to the liquidated damages sustained by the Lenders as the result of the occurrence of the Applicable Premium Trigger Event and the Loan Parties agree that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. THE LOAN PARTIES EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING APPLICABLE PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCELERATION.

(iii)The Loan Parties expressly agree that: (A) the Applicable Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arms length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel; (B) the Applicable Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Loan Parties giving specific consideration in 

73

this transaction for such agreement to pay the Applicable Premium, if any; (D) the Loan Parties shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph; (E) their agreement to pay the Applicable Premium is a material inducement to Lenders to provide the Commitments and make the Loans, and (F) the Applicable Premium represents a good faith, reasonable estimate and calculation of the lost profits or damages of the Agents and the Lenders and that it would be impractical and extremely difficult to ascertain the actual amount of damages to the Agents and the Lenders or profits lost by the Agents and the Lenders as a result of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event.

(iv)Nothing contained in this Section 2.06(b) shall permit any prepayment of the Loans not otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(c)Audit and Collateral Monitoring Fees. The Borrowers acknowledge that pursuant to Section 7.01(f) (and subject to any limitations set forth therein), representatives and advisors of the Agents may visit any or all of the Loan Parties and/or conduct inspections, audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals, environmental site assessments and/or examinations of any or all of the Loan Parties at any time and from time to time. The Borrowers agree to pay the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket cost of all visits, inspections, audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals, environmental site assessments and/or examinations conducted by a third party on behalf of the Agents.

(d)Fee Letter. As and when due and payable under the terms of the Fee Letter, the Borrowers shall pay the fees set forth in the Fee Letter.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is understood and agreed that if the Obligations are accelerated as a result of the occurrence of any Event of Default (including by operation of law or otherwise), the Applicable Premium will also be due and payable and shall constitute part of the Obligations for all purposes herein; provided that the Applicable Premium as set forth in this sentence shall only be due if such acceleration occurs prior to the end of the Second Period. The Applicable Premium shall also be payable in the event the Obligations (and/or this Agreement) are satisfied or released by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding), deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means, in each case, as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default; provided that the Applicable Premium as set forth in this sentence shall only be due if such satisfaction or release occurs prior to the end of the Second Period. THE LOAN PARTIES EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT, THE ACCRUAL OR COLLECTION OF THE APPLICABLE PREMIUM. The Loan Parties expressly agree that (i) the Applicable Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arms length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel, (ii) the Applicable Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market interest rates at the time payment is made, (iii) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Loan Parties giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Applicable Premium, if applicable, (iv) the Loan Parties shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as 

74

agreed to in this Section 2.06, (v) the Loan Parties agreement to pay the Applicable Premium is a material inducement to the Lenders to make the Loans, and (vi) the Applicable Premium represents a good faith, reasonable estimate and calculation of the lost profits or damages of the Lenders, not a penalty, and that it would be impractical and extremely difficult to ascertain the actual amount of damages to the Lenders or profits lost by the Lenders.

Section 2.07. SOFR Option; Suspension of SOFR Option; Benchmark Transition.

(a)The Borrowers (or the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Borrowers) may, at any time and from time to time, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, elect to have interest on all or a portion of the Loans be charged at a rate of interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR (the SOFR Option) by notifying the Administrative Agent prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent is willing to accommodate) (i) the proposed borrowing date of a Loan (as provided in Section 2.02), (ii) in the case of the conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan, the commencement of the proposed Interest Period or (iii) in the case of the continuation of a SOFR Loan as a SOFR Loan, the last day of the then current Interest Period (the SOFR Deadline). Notice of the Borrowers election of the SOFR Option for a permitted portion of the Loans and an Interest Period pursuant to this Section 2.07(a) shall be made by delivery to the Administrative Agent of (A) a Notice of Borrowing (in the case of the initial making of a Loan) in accordance with Section 2.02 or (B) a SOFR Notice prior to the SOFR Deadline (by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a SOFR Notice received by the Administrative Agent prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the same day) (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent is willing to accommodate). Promptly upon its receipt of each such SOFR Notice, the Administrative Agent shall provide a copy thereof to each of the Lenders. Each SOFR Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrowers.

(b)Interest on SOFR Loans shall be payable in accordance with Section 2.04(d). On the last day of each applicable Interest Period, unless the Borrowers properly have exercised the SOFR Option with respect thereto, the interest rate applicable to such SOFR Loans shall automatically continue at the rate of interest then applicable to SOFR Loans having the same Interest Period length as the Interest Period that is then expiring. At any time that a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers no longer shall have the option to request that any portion of the Loans bear interest at Adjusted Term SOFR and the Administrative Agent shall have the right to convert the interest rate on all outstanding SOFR Loans to the rate of interest then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder on the last day of the then current Interest Period.

(c)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrowers (i) shall have not more than five (5) SOFR Loans in effect at any given time, and (ii) only may exercise the SOFR Option for SOFR Loans of at least $500,000 and integral multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof (or, in the case of any Revolving Loans, such lesser 

75

amount that is equal to the entire available amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such time).

(d)The Borrowers may prepay SOFR Loans at any time; provided, however, that in the event that SOFR Loans are prepaid on any date that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, including as a result of any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(c) or any application of payments or proceeds of Collateral in accordance with Section 4.03 or Section 4.04 or for any other reason, including early termination of the term of this Agreement or acceleration of all or any portion of the Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, the Borrowers shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders and their participants harmless against any and all Funding Losses in accordance with Section 2.08.

(e)[Reserved].

(f)[Reserved].

(g)If Administrative Agent shall have determined in good faith that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan or that the Adjusted Term SOFR rate applicable pursuant to Section 2.03 for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Lenders of funding or maintaining such Loan, Administrative Agent will forthwith give notice of such determination to the Administrative Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain SOFR Loans hereunder shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, the affected Interest Periods) until Administrative Agent revokes such notice in writing. Upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Borrower may revoke any Notice of Borrowing or notice of conversion or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, the affected Interest Periods) then submitted by it. If the Administrative Borrower does not revoke such notice, the Lenders shall make, convert or continue the Loans, as proposed by the Administrative Borrower, in the amount specified in the applicable notice submitted by the Administrative Borrower, but such Loans shall be made, converted or continued as Reference Rate Loans immediately or, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period.

(h)Benchmark Replacement Setting. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document:

(i)Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Administrative Borrower) may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) U.S. Government Securities Business Day after Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Administrative Borrower so long as Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written 

76

notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.07(h)(i) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date.

(ii)Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document other than as set forth in the definition of Conforming Changes.

(iii)Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Administrative Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. Administrative Agent will notify the Administrative Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.07(h)(i) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.07, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.07.

(iv)Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

77

(v)Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Administrative Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Administrative Borrower may revoke any pending request for a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrowers will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Reference Rate Loans. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Reference Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Reference Rate.

(i)Illegality.

(i)If after the Effective Date, any Lender shall determine that the introduction of any Requirement of Law, or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or administration thereof, has made it unlawful, or that any central bank or other Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Lending Office to make SOFR Loans, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Administrative Borrower through Administrative Agent, the obligation of that Lender to make SOFR Loans shall be suspended until such Lender shall have notified Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exists.

(ii)Subject to clause (c) below, if any Lender shall determine that it is unlawful to maintain any SOFR Loan, the Borrowers shall prepay in full all SOFR Loans of such Lender then outstanding, together with interest accrued thereon, either on the last day of the Interest Period, as applicable, thereof if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans, together with any amounts required to be paid hereunder.

(iii)If the obligation of any Lender to make or maintain SOFR Loans has been terminated, the Administrative Borrower may elect, by giving notice to such Lender through Administrative Agent that all Loans which would otherwise be made by any such Lender as SOFR Loans shall be instead Reference Rate Loans.

(iv)Before giving any notice to Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.07(i), the affected Lender shall designate a different Lending Office with respect to its SOFR Loans if such designation will avoid the need for giving such notice or making such demand and will not, in the judgment of the Lender, be illegal or otherwise disadvantageous to the Lender.

(j)Reserves on SOFR Loans. The Borrowers shall pay to each Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required under regulations of the Federal Reserve Board to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including SOFR funds or deposits, additional costs on the unpaid principal amount of each SOFR Loan equal to actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), payable on each date on which 

78

interest is payable on such Loan provided the Administrative Borrower shall have received at least 15 days prior written notice (with a copy to Administrative Agent) of such additional interest from the Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 15 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be payable 15 days from receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.07(j), Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.07(j) for any additional interest incurred, or relating to Loans made, more than nine (9) months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Administrative Borrower of the requirement to pay such additional interest (except that, if the requirements under the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board giving rise to such additional interest is retroactive, then the nine (9) month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).

Section 2.08. Funding Losses. In connection with each SOFR Loan, the Borrowers shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders harmless against any loss, cost, or expense incurred by any Agent or any Lender as a result of (a) the payment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default or any mandatory prepayment required pursuant to Section 2.05(c)), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default), or (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan on the date specified in any Notice of Borrowing or SOFR Notice delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, and expenses, collectively, Funding Losses). Funding Losses shall, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, be deemed to equal the amount reasonably determined by such Agent or such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such SOFR Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted Term SOFR rate that would have been applicable thereto, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period therefor), minus (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Agent or such Lender would be offered were it to be offered, at the commencement of such period, Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period in the London interbank market. A certificate of an Agent or a Lender delivered to the Administrative Borrower setting forth any amount or amounts that such Agent or such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

Section 2.09. Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any and all Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of any Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Taxes from or in respect of any such payment, (i) the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, (ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased by the amount (an Additional Amount) necessary such that after making such deductions and 

79

withholdings (including deductions and withholdings of Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.09) the applicable Recipient receives the amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(b)In addition, each Loan Party shall pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law any Other Taxes, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes by any Secured Party. Each Loan Party shall deliver to each Secured Party official receipts in respect of any Taxes or Other Taxes payable hereunder promptly after payment of such Taxes or Other Taxes.

(c)The Loan Parties hereby jointly and severally indemnify and agree to hold harmless each Secured Party from and against Indemnified Taxes (including, without limitation, Indemnified Taxes imposed on any amounts payable under this Section 2.09) paid or payable by such Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Secured Party and any expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. Such indemnification shall be paid within 10 days from the date on which any such Person makes written demand therefore specifying in reasonable detail the nature and amount of such Indemnified Taxes. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Administrative Borrower by a Secured Party (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of another Secured Party shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d)(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 2.09(d)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(A)any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies 

80

of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B)any Lender that is not a U.S. Person (a Foreign Lender) shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

(1)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty;

(2)executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.09(d)-1 hereto to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrowers within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or

(4)to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.09(d)-2 or Exhibit 2.09(d)-3, IRS Form W-9, or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.09(d)-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

(C)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary 

81

documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D)if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

(iii)On or before the date on which any Agent (and any successor or replacement Agent) becomes an Agent hereunder, (A) if the Agent is a U.S. Person, it shall deliver to the Borrower two executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Agent is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding or (B) if the Agent is not a U.S. Person, it shall deliver to the Borrower two executed copies of (I) IRS Form W-8ECI with respect to any payments to be received by it on its own behalf and (II) IRS Form W-8IMY (certifying that it is a qualified intermediary within the meaning of Section 1.1441-1(e)(5) of the United States Treasury Regulations that has assumed primary withholding obligations under the Code, including Chapters 3 and 4 of the Code, or a U.S. branch within the meaning of Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv) of the United States Treasury Regulations that is treated as a U.S. Person for purposes of withholding obligations under the Code) for the amounts the Agent receives for the accounts of others.

Each Lender and Agent agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(e)Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.07(i) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to 

82

any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e).

(f)If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.09 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.09), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.09 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(g)Each partys obligations under this Section 2.09 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.

Section 2.10. Increased Costs and Reduced Return. (a) If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law shall (i) subject such Secured Party, or any Person controlling such Secured Party to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to this Agreement or any Loan made by such Agent or such Lender, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party of any amounts payable hereunder (except, in each case, for (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) , (ii) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against any Loan or against assets of or held by, or deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party or (iii) impose on such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party any other condition regarding this Agreement or any Loan, and the result of any event referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above shall be to increase the cost to such Secured Party of making any Loan, or agreeing to make any Loan, or to reduce any amount received or receivable by such Secured Party hereunder, then, upon demand 

83

by such Secured Party, the Borrowers shall pay to such Secured Party such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such increased costs or reductions in amount.

(b)If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law either (i) affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party, and such Secured Party determines that the amount of such capital is increased as a direct or indirect consequence of any Loans made or maintained, such Secured Partys or such other controlling Persons other obligations hereunder, or (ii) has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Secured Partys or such other controlling Persons capital to a level below that which such Secured Party or such controlling Person could have achieved but for such circumstances as a consequence of any Loans made or maintained, or any agreement to make Loans, or such Secured Partys or such other controlling Persons other obligations hereunder (in each case, taking into consideration, such Secured Partys or such other controlling Persons policies with respect to capital adequacy), then, upon demand by such Secured Party, the Borrowers shall pay to such Secured Party from time to time such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such cost of maintaining such increased capital or such reduction in the rate of return on such Secured Partys or such other controlling Persons capital.

(c)All amounts payable under this Section 2.10 shall bear interest from the date that is 10 days after the date of demand by any Secured Party until payment in full to such Secured Party at the Reference Rate. A certificate of such Secured Party claiming compensation under this Section 2.10, specifying the event herein above described and the nature of such event shall be submitted by such Secured Party to the Administrative Borrower, setting forth the additional amount due and an explanation of the calculation thereof, and such Secured Partys reasons for invoking the provisions of this Section 2.10, and shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error.

(d)[Reserved].

(e)The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.

ARTICLE III

[RESERVED]

ARTICLE IV

APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS; DEFAULTING LENDERS;

JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY OF BORROWERS

Section 4.01. Payments; Computations and Statements. (a) The Borrowers will make each payment under this Agreement not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the day when due, in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available 

84

funds, to the Administrative Agents Accounts. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 12:00 noon (New York City time) on any Business Day may, in the Administrative Agents discretion, be credited to the Loan Account on the next succeeding Business Day. Subject to Section 2.09, all payments shall be made by the Borrowers without set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, deduction or other defense to the Agents and the Lenders. Except as provided in Section 2.02, after receipt, the Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal ratably to the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Lenders and the Borrowers hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account of the Borrowers with any Obligations due and payable by the Borrowers under any Loan Document. Each of the Lenders and the Borrowers agrees that the Administrative Agent shall have the right to make such charges whether or not any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or whether any of the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied. Any amount of Obligations charged to the Loan Account of the Borrowers shall be deemed a Revolving Loan hereunder made by the Revolving Loan Lenders to the Borrowers, funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders and subject to Section 2.02; provided that, (x) any such Obligations comprised of unpaid fees and expenses payable under Section 12.04 may only constitute deemed Revolving Loans if the Borrowers, after receipt of the applicable invoice or other similar documentation therefor, have failed to make such payment within fifteen (15) Business Days and any accrued and (y) unpaid interest and Unused Line Fees may only constitute deemed Revolving Loans if not paid when required to be paid hereunder. The Lenders and the Borrowers confirm that any charges which the Administrative Agent may so make to the Loan Account of the Borrowers as herein provided will be made as an accommodation to the Borrowers and solely at the Administrative Agents discretion, provided that the Administrative Agent shall from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent, charge the Loan Account of the Borrowers with any amount of Obligations due and payable under any Loan Document in accordance with this Section 4.01. Whenever any payment to be made under any such Loan Document shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of interest or fees, as the case may be. All computations of fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fees hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes in the absence of manifest error.

(b)The Administrative Agent shall provide the Administrative Borrower, promptly after the end of each calendar month, a summary statement (in the form from time to time used by the Administrative Agent) of the opening and closing daily balances in the Loan Account of the Borrowers during such month, the amounts and dates of all Loans made to the Borrowers during such month, the amounts and dates of all payments on account of the Loans to the Borrowers during such month and the Loans to which such payments were applied, the amount of interest accrued on the Loans to the Borrowers during such month, and the amount and nature of any charges to the Loan Account made during such month on account of fees, 

85

commissions, expenses and other Obligations. All entries on any such statement shall be presumed to be correct and, 30 days after the same is sent, shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error.

Section 4.02. Sharing of Payments. Except as provided in Section 2.02 hereof, if any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of any Obligation in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of similar obligations obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in such similar obligations held by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; provided, however, that (a) if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and each Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lenders ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lenders required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered and (b) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender and any payment of an amendment, consent or waiver fee to consenting Lenders pursuant to an effective amendment, consent or waiver with respect to this Agreement), or (ii) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans, other than to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). The Borrowers agree that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all of its rights (including the Lenders right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrowers in the amount of such participation.

Section 4.03. Apportionment of Payments. Subject to Section 2.02 hereof:

(a)All payments of principal and interest in respect of outstanding Loans, all payments of fees (other than the fees set forth in Section 2.06(c) and (d) hereof) and all other payments in respect of any other Obligations, shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent among such of the Lenders as are entitled thereto, in proportion to their respective Pro Rata Shares or otherwise as provided herein or, in respect of payments not made on account of Loans, as designated by the Person making payment when the payment is made.

(b)After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and upon the direction of the Required Lenders shall, apply all payments in respect of any Obligations, including without limitation, all proceeds of the Collateral, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, (i) first, ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any fees, expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due (other than interest or principal in respect of the Loans) and payable to the Agents until paid in full; (ii) second, to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Collateral Agent Advances until 

86

paid in full; (iii) third, to pay principal of the Collateral Agent Advances until paid in full; (iv) fourth, ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any fees (other than any Applicable Premium), expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Lenders until paid in full; (v) fifth, ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Loans until paid in full; (vi) sixth, ratably to pay principal of the Loans until paid in full; (vii) seventh, ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any Applicable Premium then due and payable to the Lenders until paid in full; and (viii) eighth, to the ratable payment of all other Obligations then due and payable until paid in full.

(c)For purposes of Section 4.03(b), paid in full means payment in cash of all amounts owing under the Loan Documents according to the terms thereof, including loan fees, service fees, professional fees, interest (and specifically including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding), default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, whether or not same would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding, except to the extent that default or overdue interest (but not any other interest) and loan fees, each arising from or related to a default, are disallowed in any Insolvency Proceeding; provided, however, that for the purposes of clause (viii), paid in full means payment in cash of all amounts owing under the Loan Documents according to the terms thereof, including loan fees, service fees, professional fees, any Applicable Premium (to the extent applicable), interest (and specifically including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding), default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, whether or not the same would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding.

(d)In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 4.03 and other provisions contained in any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that both such priority provisions in such documents shall be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of Section 4.03 shall control and govern.

Section 4.04. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law:

(a)Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 12.02.

(b)The Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to such Defaulting Lender any payments made by any Borrower to the Administrative Agent for such Defaulting Lenders benefit, and, in the absence of such transfer to such Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall transfer any such payments to each other non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares (without giving effect to the Pro Rata Shares of such Defaulting Lender) (but only to the extent that such Defaulting Lenders Loans were funded by the other Lenders) or, if so directed by the Administrative Borrower and if no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and to the extent such Defaulting Lenders 

87

Loans were not funded by the other Lenders), retain the same to be re-advanced to the Borrowers as if such Defaulting Lender had made such Loans to the Borrowers. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to the Borrowers for the account of such Defaulting Lender the amount of all such payments received and retained by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender.

(c)Any such failure to fund by any Defaulting Lender shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle the Borrowers to replace the Defaulting Lender with one or more substitute lenders, and the Defaulting Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder. Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Defaulting Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Defaulting Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any Applicable Premium or other premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever. If the Defaulting Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Defaulting Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07.

(d)The operation of this Section shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitments of any Lender, to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to relieve or excuse the performance by any Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to the Administrative Agent or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender.

(e)This Section shall remain effective with respect to such Lender until either (i) with respect to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (a), (b) or (c) of the definition thereof, the Obligations under this Agreement shall have been declared or shall have become immediately due and payable or (ii) the non-Defaulting Lenders, the Agents, and the Borrowers shall have waived such Defaulting Lenders default in writing, and the Defaulting Lender makes its Pro Rata Share of the applicable defaulted Loans and pays to the Agents all amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender in respect thereof; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

Section 4.05. Administrative Borrower; Joint and Several Liability of the Borrowers.

(a)Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Initial Borrower as the borrowing agent and attorney-in-fact for the Borrowers (the Administrative Borrower) which appointment shall remain in full force and effect unless and until the Agents shall have received prior written notice signed by all of the Borrowers that such appointment has been revoked and that another Borrower has been appointed Administrative Borrower. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Borrower (i) to provide to the Agents and 

88

receive from the Agents all notices with respect to Loans obtained for the benefit of any Borrower and all other notices and instructions under this Agreement and (ii) to take such action as the Administrative Borrower deems appropriate on its behalf to obtain Loans and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes of this Agreement. It is understood that the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of the Borrowers in a combined fashion, as more fully set forth herein, is done solely as an accommodation to the Borrowers in order to utilize the collective borrowing powers of the Borrowers in the most efficient and economical manner and at their request, and that neither the Agents nor the Lenders shall incur liability to the Borrowers as a result hereof. Each Borrower expects to derive benefit, directly or indirectly, from the handling of the Loan Account and the Collateral in a combined fashion since the successful operation of each Borrower is dependent on the continued successful performance of the integrated group.

(b)Each Borrower hereby accepts joint and several liability hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in consideration of the financial accommodations to be provided by the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, for the mutual benefit, directly and indirectly, of each of the Borrowers and in consideration of the undertakings of the other Borrowers to accept joint and several liability for the Obligations. Each of the Borrowers, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as a surety but also as a co-debtor, joint and several liability with the other Borrowers, with respect to the payment and performance of all of the Obligations (including, without limitation, any Obligations arising under this Section 4.05), it being the intention of the parties hereto that all of the Obligations shall be the joint and several obligations of each of the Borrowers without preferences or distinction among them. If and to the extent that any of the Borrowers shall fail to make any payment with respect to any of the Obligations as and when due or to perform any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, then in each such event, the other Borrowers will make such payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligation. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Obligations of each of the Borrowers under the provisions of this Section 4.05 constitute the absolute and unconditional, full recourse Obligations of each of the Borrowers, enforceable against each such Person to the full extent of its properties and assets, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other circumstances whatsoever.

(c)The provisions of this Section 4.05 are made for the benefit of the Agents, the Lenders and their successors and permitted assigns, and may be enforced by them from time to time against any or all of the Borrowers as often as occasion therefor may arise and without requirement on the part of the Agents, the Lenders or such successors or assigns first to marshal any of its or their claims or to exercise any of its or their rights against any of the other Borrowers or to exhaust any remedies available to it or them against any of the other Borrowers or to resort to any other source or means of obtaining payment of any of the Obligations hereunder or to elect any other remedy. The provisions of this Section 4.05 shall remain in effect until the Termination Date.

(d)Each of the Borrowers hereby agrees that it will not enforce any of its rights of contribution or subrogation against the other Borrowers with respect to any liability 

89

incurred by it hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, any payments made by it to the Agents or the Lenders with respect to any of the Obligations or any Collateral, until the Termination Date. Any claim which any Borrower may have against any other Borrower with respect to any payments to the Agents or the Lenders hereunder or under any other Loan Documents are hereby expressly made subordinate and junior in right of payment, without limitation as to any increases in the Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations.

ARTICLE V

CONDITIONS TO LOANS

Section 5.01. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective as of the Business Day (the Effective Date) when each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied in a manner satisfactory to the Agents:

(a)Payment of Fees, Etc. The Borrowers shall have paid on or before the Effective Date all fees, costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of legal counsel) then payable pursuant to Section 2.06 and Section 12.04 which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Loans.

(b)Representations and Warranties; No Event of Default. The following statements shall be true and correct: (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in each other Loan Document on the Effective Date are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of such earlier date) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Effective Date or would result from this Agreement or the other Loan Documents becoming effective in accordance with its or their respective terms on the Effective Date.

(c)[Reserved].

(d)Delivery of Documents. The Collateral Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and, unless indicated otherwise, dated the Effective Date and, if applicable, duly executed by the Persons party thereto:

(i)the Security Agreement;

90

(ii)the results of searches for any effective UCC financing statements, tax Liens or judgment Liens filed against any Loan Party or its property in each Loan Partys jurisdiction of organization or places of business, as applicable, which results shall not show any such Liens (other than Permitted Liens and Liens to be released on the Effective Date);

(iii)a Perfection Certificate;

(iv)the Intellectual Property Security Agreements;

(v)No later than 3 Business Days in advance of the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information (including, if the Borrowers qualify as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification) reasonably requested by any Lender that is party hereto on the Effective Date in writing with respect to any Loan Party at least 6 days in advance of the Effective Date, which documentation or other information is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and Beneficial Ownership Regulation; provided that, in the case of a Beneficial Ownership Certification, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall return such completed Beneficial Ownership Certification directly to the requesting Lender;

(vi)the Disbursement Letter;

(vii)the Fee Letter;

(viii)the Intercompany Subordination Agreement;

(ix)[reserved];

(x)[reserved];

(xi)the management rights letter, dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Agents, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the VCOC Management Rights Agreement);

(xii)a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Loan Party, certifying (A) as to copies of the Governing Documents of such Loan Party, together with all amendments thereto (including, without limitation, a true and complete copy of the charter, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership, certificate of incorporation, articles of association, memorandum of association, or other publicly filed organizational document of each Loan Party certified as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date by an appropriate official of the jurisdiction of organization or formation, as applicable, of such Loan Party which shall set forth the same complete name of such Loan Party as is set forth herein and the organizational number of such Loan Party, if an organizational number is issued in such jurisdiction), (B) as to a copy of the resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party authorizing (1) the borrowings hereunder and the transactions contemplated by the Loan 

91

Documents to which such Loan Party is or will be a party, and (2) the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the execution and delivery of the other documents to be delivered by such Person in connection herewith and therewith, (C) the names and true signatures of the representatives of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document (in the case of a Borrower, including, without limitation, Notices of Borrowing, SOFR Notices and all other notices under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such Loan Party in connection herewith and therewith, and (D) as to the matters set forth in Section 5.01(b);

(xiii)a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Administrative Borrower (A) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations and other supporting evidence (including financial support demonstrating the sources and uses of amounts included in such calculation and the proceeds of the Loans and other amounts received or distributed on or around the Effective Date in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) required to establish compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the borrowings of the Loans on the Effective Date, with the financial covenant contained in Section 7.03(a) (calculated (x) as if such covenant applicable to the month ending March 31, 2025 were applicable on the Effective Date and (y) using the Consolidated EBITDA of Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries set forth on Schedule 1.01(C) for the Test Period ending October 31, 2024), (B) certifying that all material tax returns required to be filed by the Loan Parties have been filed and all taxes upon the Loan Parties or their properties, assets, and income (including real property taxes and payroll taxes) have been paid other than unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount not in excess of $500,000 or Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereon on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP, (C) attaching a copy of the Projections described in Section 6.01(g)(ii) hereof and certifying that (1) such Projections and (2) the Financial Statements described in Section 6.01(g)(i) hereof, in the form previously filed with the SEC on the Administrative Borrowers applicable Form 10-K or 10-Q, comply with the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(g)(ii) and Section 6.01(g)(i), respectively and (D) certifying that after giving effect to all Loans to be made on the Effective Date, Liquidity shall not be less than $37,500,000;

(xiv)a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Administrative Borrower, on behalf of the Administrative Borrower and the other Loan Parties, certifying that the Loan Parties are Solvent as of the Effective Date (after giving effect to the Loans made on the Effective Date);

(xv)a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower certifying as of the Effective Date that (A) attached thereto is a true, correct and complete copy of the Charter Data License Agreement, and (B) the copies of the other Material Contracts as in effect on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.01(v) that were previously delivered to the Administrative Agent in the Project Navigation - Blue Torch File 

92

Share - Operations - Material Contracts folder are true, complete and correct copies thereof and (C) [reserved]; 

(xvi)a certificate of the appropriate official(s) of (i) the jurisdiction of organization of each Loan Party and (ii) except to the extent such failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each jurisdiction of foreign qualification of each Loan Party certifying as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date as to the subsistence in good standing of such Loan Party in such jurisdictions, together with, with respect to the items set forth in clause (i), written bring-down confirmation (where available) on the Effective Date from such official(s) as to such matters;

(xvii)an opinion of (i) Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., counsel to the Loan Parties, (ii) Lane Powell PC, as Oregon counsel to the Loan Parties and (iii) Locke Lord LLP, as Virginia and California counsel to the Loan Parties, and as to such customary matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request;

(xviii)evidence of the insurance coverage required by Section 7.01 and the terms of the Security Agreement;

(xix)[reserved];

(xx)[reserved];

(xxi)evidence of the payment in full of all Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Facility, together with (A) a termination and release agreement with respect to the Existing Credit Facility and all related documents, duly executed by the Loan Parties and the Existing Agent, (B) [reserved,] (C) [reserved], and (D) UCC 3 termination statements for all UCC-1 financing statements filed by the Existing Agent and covering any portion of the Collateral;

(xxii)[reserved]; and

(xxiii)such other agreements, instruments, approvals, opinions and other documents, each satisfactory to the Agents in form and substance, as any Agent may reasonably request.

(e)Material Adverse Effect. No event or development shall have occurred since December 31, 2023 which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)Top Customers. The Agents shall have shall have completed their review of top customer relationships, including customer calls (which shall have been conducted in coordination with the Loan Parties).

(g)Approvals. All material consents, authorizations and approvals of, and filings and registrations with, and all other actions in respect of, any Governmental Authority or other Person required in connection with the making of the Loans, shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect.

93

(h)Proceedings; Receipt of Documents. All proceedings in connection with the making of the initial Loans and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and all documents incidental hereto and thereto, shall be satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and its counsel, and the Collateral Agent and such counsel shall have received all such information and such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as the Collateral Agent or such counsel may reasonably request.

(i)[Reserved].

(j)Due Diligence. The Agents shall have completed their business, financial, industry, legal and collateral due diligence with respect to each Loan Party and the results thereof shall be acceptable to the Agents, in their sole and absolute discretion. 

(k)Security Interests. Subject to Section 5.03, the Loan Documents shall create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable first priority security interest in the Collateral secured thereby (subject only to Permitted Liens).

(l)Litigation. There shall exist no claim, action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, shareholder or derivative litigation) pending or threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority which relates to the Loans or which, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, is reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)Notice of Borrowing. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof.

(n)Know-Your-Customer. The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, a duly executed IRS Form W-9 (or other applicable Tax form) of the Initial Borrower, and all documentation and other information with respect to the Loan Parties required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act, that has been reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Effective Date.

Section 5.02. Conditions Precedent to All Loans. The obligation of any Agent or any Lender to make any Loan after the Effective Date is subject to the fulfillment, in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of each of the following conditions precedent:

(a)[Reserved].

(b)Representations and Warranties; No Event of Default. The following statements shall be true and correct, and the submission by the Administrative Borrower to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Borrowing with respect to each such Loan, and the Borrowers acceptance of the proceeds of such Loan, shall each be deemed to be a representation 

94

and warranty by each Loan Party on the date of such Loan that: (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date), (ii) at the time of and after giving effect to the making of such Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the making of the Loan to be made, on such date and (iii) the conditions set forth in this Section 5.02 have been satisfied as of the date of such request.

(c)[Reserved].

(d)Notices. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof.

(e)[Reserved].

(f)[Reserved].

Section 5.03. Conditions Subsequent to Effectiveness. The Loan Parties agree that, in addition to all other terms, conditions and provisions set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, those conditions set forth in Section 5.01, the Loan Parties shall satisfy each of the conditions subsequent set forth below on or before the date applicable thereto or such later date as permitted by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (it being understood that (i) the failure by the Loan Parties to perform or cause to be performed any such condition subsequent on or before the date applicable thereto shall constitute an Event of Default and (ii) to the extent that the existence of any such condition subsequent would otherwise cause any representation, warranty or covenant in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to be breached, the Required Lenders hereby waive such breach for the period from the Effective Date until the date on which such condition subsequent is required to be fulfilled pursuant to this Section 5.03):

(a)within 45 days of the Effective Date, deliver to the Collateral Agent insurance certificates and endorsements as to the named insureds or loss payees with respect to the insurance coverage required by Section 7.01 and the terms of the Security Agreement as the Collateral Agent may request and providing that such policy may be terminated or canceled (by the insurer or the insured thereunder) only upon 30 days (10 days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to the Collateral Agent and each such named insured or loss payee; 

(b)within 60 days of the Effective Date, use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to the Collateral Agent a landlord waiver, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and which may be included as a provision contained in the relevant Lease, executed by each landlord with respect to (x) the leased corporate headquarters of the Loan 

95

Parties located in Reston, Virginia and (y) the leased data center location of the Loan Parties located in Sterling, Virginia, each, as set forth more fully on Schedule III to the Security Agreement;

(c)within 5 Business Days of the Effective Date, deliver to the Collateral Agent the original stock certificates representing all of the Equity Interests of any Domestic Subsidiaries and all promissory notes required to be pledged hereunder, accompanied by undated stock powers executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof and other proper instruments of transfer;

(d)within 60 days of the Effective Date, use best efforts to deliver to the Collateral Agent the original stock certificates representing all of the Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiaries required to be pledged hereunder, accompanied by undated stock powers executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof and other proper instruments of transfer; 

(e)within 60 days of the Effective Date, deliver to the Collateral Agent Control Agreements, each duly executed by, in addition to the applicable Loan Party, the applicable financial institution with respect to the Cash Management Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) that exist on the Effective Date; and

(f)within 30 days of the Effective Date, the Administrative Borrower shall represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent (which representation and warranty may be by e-mail) that the Loan Parties have paid (i) all amounts required to be paid under Schedule 1 of the Charter DLA Fourth Amendment and (ii) the applicable trade payables and other accounts payable of the Loan Parties that are aged more than sixty (60) days from the due date thereof that are outstanding as of the date hereof, with respect to each Material Contract set forth on Schedule 6.01(v).

ARTICLE VI

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 6.01. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Secured Parties as follows:

(a)Organization, Good Standing, Etc. Each Loan Party (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership duly organized, incorporated or established, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to own its property and assets and conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated in all material respects, and, in the case of the Borrowers, to make the borrowings hereunder, and to execute and deliver each Loan Document to which it is a party, and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except (solely for the purposes of this subclause (iii)) where the 

96

failure to be so qualified and in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Authorization, Etc. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or will be a party, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action, (ii) do not and will not contravene (A) any of its Governing Documents, (B) any applicable material Requirement of Law or (C) any Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Loan Document) upon or with respect to any of its properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to its operations or any of its properties, except, in the case of clauses (ii)(C) and (iv), to the extent where such contravention, default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)Governmental Approvals. No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the due execution, delivery and performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or will be a party other than (i) authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made, and routine disclosures required under securities laws and regulations and (ii) filings and recordings with respect to Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing or recordation, on the Effective Date.

(d)Enforceability of Loan Documents. This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is or will be a party, when delivered hereunder, will be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity.

(e)Capitalization. On the Effective Date, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Effective Date, the authorized Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries and the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries are as set forth on Schedule 6.01(e). All of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests of the Subsidiaries of the Administrative Borrower have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and the holders thereof are not entitled to any preemptive, first refusal or other similar rights. All Equity Interests of such Subsidiaries of the Administrative Borrower are owned by the Administrative Borrower, directly or indirectly, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens). On the Effective Date, except as described on Schedule 6.01(e), there are no outstanding debt or equity securities of the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and no outstanding obligations of the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for, or warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or other obligations of 

97

the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, directly or indirectly, any shares of Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

(f)Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 6.01(f), there is no pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in writing action, suit or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its properties before any court or other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator that (i) if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) relates to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby.

(g)Financial Statements.

(i)The Financial Statements, copies of which have been delivered to the Administrative Agent, fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal periods ended on such respective dates, all in accordance with GAAP. All material indebtedness and other liabilities (including, without limitation, Indebtedness, liabilities for taxes, long-term leases and other unusual forward or long-term commitments), direct or contingent, of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries are set forth in the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. Since December 31, 2023 no event or development has occurred that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii)The Administrative Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Administrative Agent (A) projected quarterly balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flows of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period from January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2028, and (B) projected annual balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flows of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Years ending in 2025 through 2028, which projected financial statements shall be updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii), which such projections were made in good faith based on assumptions, estimates, information, methods and tests that were believed by the Loan Parties to be reasonable at the time such projections were prepared and information believed by the Loan Parties to have been accurate based upon the information available to the Loan Parties at the time such projections were furnished to the Administrative Agent; it being understood that (A) projections are by their nature subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Loan Parties control, (B) actual results may differ materially from such projections and such variations may be material and (C) such projections are not a guarantee of performance.

(h)Compliance with Law, Etc. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of (i) any of its Governing Documents, (ii) any material Requirement of Law, or (iii) any term of any Contractual Obligation (including, without limitation, any Material Contract) binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing thereunder.

98

(i)ERISA. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i) hereto, (i) each Loan Party and each Employee Plan (and each related trust, insurance contract or fund, if any) is in compliance with all applicable Requirements of Law pertaining to such Employee Plans (and such related trusts, insurance contracts or fund, if any) in all material respects, (ii) no ERISA Event has occurred nor is reasonably expected to occur, (iii) the most recent annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Employee Plan, including, for purposes of any Pension Plan, any required Schedule B (Actuarial Information) thereto, copies of which have been filed with the Internal Revenue Service, is complete and correct and, for purposes of any Pension Plan, fairly presents the funding status of such Pension Plan, and since the date of such report, there has been no material adverse change in such funding status, (iv) copies of each agreement entered into with the PBGC, the U.S. Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Employee Plan have been delivered to the Agents, and (v) each Employee Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and the trust related thereto is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and has received a favorable determination, advisory or opinion letter from the Internal Revenue Service regarding its qualification thereunder, and no event has occurred that would reasonably be expected to result in the disqualification of any such Employee Benefit Plan or related trust. No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any liability to the PBGC which remains outstanding other than the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due which are unpaid. There are no material pending or threatened claims, actions, proceedings or lawsuits (other than claims for benefits in the normal course) asserted or instituted against (A) any Employee Plan or its assets, (B) any fiduciary with respect to any Employee Plan, or (C) any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any Employee Plan. Except as required by Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code or similar state law, no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains an employee welfare benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) that provides health benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates or otherwise has any obligation to provide any such benefits for any current employee after such employees termination of employment. Each arrangement pursuant to which a Loan Party has an obligation to pay or accrue nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code) has been administered in all material respects in accordance with plan documents that satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.

(j)Taxes, Etc. (i) All material Tax returns required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed by any Loan Party have been timely filed and (ii) all Taxes imposed upon any Loan Party or any property of any Loan Party which have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, except (A) unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount at any one time not in excess of $500,000, and (B) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP.

99

(k)Regulations T, U and X. No Loan Party is or will be engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X), and no proceeds of any Loan will be used by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or for any purpose that violates, or is inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U and X.

(l)Nature of Business. No Loan Party is engaged in any business other than as set forth on Schedule 6.01(l), or any business reasonably related, incidental, complementary, synergistic or ancillary thereto (including any geographic expansion of the business).

(m)Adverse Agreements, Etc. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contractual Obligation or subject to any restriction or limitation in any Governing Document or any judgment, order, regulation, ruling or other requirement of a court or other Governmental Authority, which (either individually or in the aggregate) has, or in the future could reasonably be expected (either individually or in the aggregate) to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)Permits, Etc. Each Loan Party has, and is in compliance with, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations, including Environmental Permits, required for such Person lawfully to own, lease, manage or operate, or to acquire, each business and Facility currently owned, leased, managed or operated, or to be acquired, by such Person, except to the extent the failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No condition exists or event has occurred which, in itself or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would result in the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or non-renewal of any such permit, license, authorization, approval, entitlement or accreditation, including any such Environmental Permit, and there is no claim that any of the foregoing is not in full force and effect.

(o)Properties. (i) Each Loan Party has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use, all property and assets material to its business, free and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens. All such properties and assets are in good working order and condition in all material respects, ordinary wear and tear excepted and (ii) as of the Effective Date, Schedule 1.01(B) sets forth the address of each real estate asset (or each set of such assets that collectively comprise one operating property) that is owned in fee simple by any Loan Party.

(p)Employee and Labor Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(p), (i) each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law in all material respects pertaining to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, wages and hours, and occupational safety and health, (ii) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary is party to any collective bargaining agreement, nor has any labor union been recognized as the representative of the employees of any Loan Party of Subsidiary, (iii) there is no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party or any 

100

Subsidiary which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement, (iv) there has been no strike, work stoppage, slowdown, lockout, or other labor dispute pending or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, and (v) to the best knowledge of each Loan Party, no labor organization or group of employees has made a pending demand for recognition or certification, and there are no representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a representation proceeding presently pending or threatened to be brought or filed, with the National Labor Relations Board or any other labor relations tribunal or authority. No Loan Party or Subsidiary has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) or any similar Requirement of Law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied. All payments due from any Loan Party or Subsidiary on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party or Subsidiary, except where the failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)Environmental Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(q) hereto, (i) no Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Environmental Law in any material respect, (ii) each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has, and is in compliance with, all Environmental Permits for its respective operations and businesses, except to the extent any failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) there has been no Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials on, in, at, under or from any properties currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or a respective predecessor in interest or at any disposal or treatment facility which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or any respective predecessor in interest, which in any case of the foregoing could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) there are no pending or threatened Environmental Claims against, or Environmental Liability of, any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or any respective predecessor in interest that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (v) neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is performing or responsible for any Remedial Action that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (vi) the Loan Parties have made available to the Collateral Agent and Lenders true and complete copies of all material environmental reports, audits and investigations in the possession or control of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the operations and business of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries.

(r)Insurance. Each Loan Party maintains all insurance required by Section 7.01(h). Schedule 6.01(r) sets forth a list of all such insurance maintained by or for the benefit of each Loan Party on the Effective Date.

(s)Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Initial Term Loans shall be used to (a) refinance the Existing Credit Facility (including, without limitation, to cash collateralize the existing letters of credit thereunder, as applicable) and other existing indebtedness of the Loan Parties in the principal amount of up to $3,340,777.46, (b) pay certain accounts payable which are due and owing and (c) pay fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and for other general corporate purposes. The proceeds of the Revolving 

101

Loans shall be used to fund working capital and for other general corporate purposes of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries.

(t)Solvency. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the Effective Date and before and after giving effect to each borrowing of a Loan, the Loan Parties, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party.

(u)Intellectual Property. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(u), each Loan Party owns or licenses or otherwise has the right to use all Intellectual Property rights that are necessary for the operation of its business, without infringement upon or conflict with the rights of any other Person with respect thereto, except for such infringements and conflicts which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Set forth on Schedule 6.01(u) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of (i) each item of Registered Intellectual Property owned by each Loan Party; (ii) each material work of authorship owned by each Loan party and which is not Registered Intellectual Property, and (iii) each material Intellectual Property Contract to which each Loan Party is bound. No trademark or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party infringes upon or conflicts with any rights owned by any other Person, and no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or threatened, except for such infringements, conflicts and claims which could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of each Loan Party, no patent, invention, device, application, principle or any statute, law, rule, regulation, standard or code pertaining to Intellectual Property is pending or proposed, which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v)Material Contracts. Set forth on Schedule 6.01(v) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of all Material Contracts of each Loan Party, showing the parties and subject matter thereof and amendments and modifications thereto. Each Material Contract (i) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto and, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, all other parties thereto in accordance with its terms, (ii) has not been otherwise amended or modified, and (iii) subject to Section 5.03(f), is not in default due to the material action or material inaction of any Loan Party (other than any default in the payment of trade payables or other accounts payable for no longer than 60 days from the due date thereof ) or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any other party thereto, in each case for the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii), except as otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents.

(w)Investment Company Act. None of the Loan Parties is (i) an investment company or an affiliated person or promoter of, or principal underwriter of or for, an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended or (ii) [reserved].

102

(x)Customers and Suppliers. There exists no actual or threatened termination, cancellation or limitation of, or modification to or change in, the business relationship between (i) any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any customer or any group thereof, on the other hand, whose agreements with any Loan Party are individually or in the aggregate material to the business or operations of such Loan Party, or (ii) any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any supplier or any group thereof, on the other hand, whose agreements with any Loan Party are individually or in the aggregate material to the business or operations of such Loan Party; and there exists no present state of facts or circumstances that could give rise to or result in any such termination, cancellation, limitation, modification or change, except, in each case for the foregoing, any such termination, cancellation, limitation, modification or change that would otherwise be permitted under the Loan Documents.

(y)[Reserved].

(z)[Reserved].

(aa)[Reserved].

(bb)Sanctions; Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. None of any Loan Party, any Subsidiary thereof, any of their respective directors, officers, or employees, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any of their respective agents or Affiliates, (i) is a Sanctioned Person, (ii) has assets located in a Sanctioned Country in violation of applicable Sanctions, (iii) conducts any business with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person in violation of applicable Sanctions, (iv) directly or indirectly derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with, Sanctioned Persons in violation of applicable Sanctions, (v) is a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the USA Patriot Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision, or (vi) is a Person that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 or 312 of the USA Patriot Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Law. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance with all Sanctions, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws. Each Loan Party and each Affiliate, officer, employee or director acting on behalf of any Loan Party is (and is taking no action that would result in any such Person not being) in compliance with (A) all applicable Sanctions and (B) all applicable provisions of the USA Patriot Act. No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is engaged in any kind of activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country in violation of applicable Sanctions.

(cc)Anti-Bribery and Corruption.

(i)Neither any Loan Party nor, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, or any other Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party, 

103

has offered, promised, paid, given or authorized the payment or giving of any money or other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any Person, including without limitation, any employee, official or other Person acting on behalf of any Governmental Authority, or otherwise engaged in any activity that may violate any Anti-Corruption Law.

(ii)Neither any Loan Party nor, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, or any other Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party, has engaged in any activity that would breach any Anti-Corruption Laws.

(iii)To the best of each Loan Partys knowledge and belief, there is no pending or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any court or other Governmental Authority against any Loan Party or any of its directors, officers, employees or other Person acting on its behalf that relates to a potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Sanctions.

(iv)The Loan Parties will not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of the Loans for any purpose that would breach the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws.

(dd)[Reserved].

(ee)[Reserved].

(ff)[Reserved].

(gg)[Reserved].

(hh)[Reserved].

(ii)Technology Security Systems.

(i)Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains administrative, physical, and technical security measures and procedures (consistent with industry standards for companies and businesses of similar size in similar industries) to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of (A) its computers, computer systems, servers, hardware, software, websites, databases, networks, and all other information technology equipment and systems, including any hosted locations and other outsourced systems and processes (all of the foregoing in this clause (A), Loan Party Systems) and (B) all individually identifiable information, including protected health information and other sensitive and confidential information, accessed, collected, used, processed, stored, transferred or disclosed by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (all such data and information referred to in this clause (B), Loan Party Data), in all cases including from theft, destruction, corruption, loss or unauthorized use, access, interruption, deletion, alteration or modification by any Person. All Loan Party Systems are operational in all material respects and have adequate backups and disaster recovery arrangements that are at least reasonable and at least consistent with, as protective as, and no less rigorous than, industry standards for companies 

104

and businesses of similar size in similar industries. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (x) maintains applicable equipment and software that is material to its business in physically secure premises, (y) utilizes industry-accepted virus and intrusion checking software and firewalls, and (z) limits access to Loan Party Data to only those employees and agents who need such access for the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries.

(ii)No Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party has experienced any (A) material security incidents, data breaches, intrusions or unauthorized access, use or compromise of any of the Loan Party Systems, (B) material unauthorized collection, access, use, processing, loss, compromise, interruption, deletion, modification or disclosure of any Loan Party Data or trade secrets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party or (C) material cyber, social engineering, spoofing, phishing, ransom, viral or other attack, theft or intrusion that that has allowed an unauthorized Person to access, copy, encrypt or otherwise use any Loan Party Data (all of the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), Security Breaches). Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in material compliance with all Requirements of Laws regarding the privacy or security of all Loan Party Data. No Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party has received or is aware of any notice, allegation, complaint or other communication, and to the knowledge of the Loan Parties there is no pending investigation by any Governmental Authority regarding any actual or possible material violation of any Requirements of Laws regarding the privacy or security of any Loan Party Data.

(jj)Full Disclosure.

(i)Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Agents all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Agents (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and general information about Borrowers industry) in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, taken as a whole, in the light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading.

(ii)Projections have been prepared on a reasonable basis and in good faith based on assumptions, estimates, information, methods and tests that are believed by the Loan Parties to be reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared and at the time such Projections were furnished to the Lenders, and Administrative Borrower is not be aware of any facts or information that would lead it to believe that such Projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect; it being understood that (A) Projections are by their nature subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Loan Parties control, (B) actual results may differ materially from the Projections and such variations may be material and (C) the Projections are not a guarantee of performance.

105

ARTICLE VII

COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS

Section 7.01. Affirmative Covenants. Until the Termination Date, each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing:

(a)Reporting Requirements. Furnish to the Administrative Agent:

(i)as soon as available, and in any event within 30 days after the end of each fiscal month of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal month of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, (x) internally prepared consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows and consolidating trial balances, in each case, of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal month, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such fiscal month, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, and (B) [reserved], all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal month and the results of operations, retained earnings and cash flows of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal month and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal quarter-end and year-end adjustments and (y) [reserved]; 

(ii)as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal quarter of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, (x) consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows and consolidating trial balances, in each case, of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and (B) the income statements of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries included in the annual operating plan of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries, which annual operating plan has been approved by the Administrative Borrowers Board of Directors and delivered to the Administrative Agent, all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the results of operations and cash flows of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such quarter and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with 

106

that of the most recent audited financial statements of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments and (y) a report detailing the upsell, downsell, churn and new logos during such fiscal quarter for the business of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;

(iii)as soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries, consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, and (B) [reserved], all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by a report and an opinion, prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, of independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing selected by the Administrative Borrower and satisfactory to the Agents (it being agreed that, in any event, Deloitte & Touche LLP shall be deemed satisfactory) (which report and opinion shall not include (1) any qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about the ability of the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to continue as a going concern or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, other than a qualification or exception resulting solely from an upcoming maturity date of the Obligations within one year from the time such opinion is delivered or (2) any qualification which relates to the treatment or classification of any item and which, as a condition to the removal of such qualification, would require an adjustment to such item, the effect of which would be to cause any noncompliance with the provisions of Section 7.03), together with a written statement of such accountants certifying that such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Administrative Borrower as of last day of such Fiscal Year and the results of its operations and its cash flows for such Fiscal Year in conformity with GAAP;

(iv)in connection with (A) financial statements of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries required by Section 7.01(a)(i), simultaneously with the delivery of such financial statements, (B) financial statements of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries required by this Section 7.01(a)(ii), within 45 days after the end of the applicable fiscal quarter and (C) financial statements of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries required by this Section 7.01(a)(iii), within 90 days after the end of the applicable fiscal year, a Compliance Certificate:

(A)(x) stating that such Authorized Officer has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and has made or caused to be made under his or her supervision a review of the condition and operations of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the period covered by such financial statements with a view to determining whether the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries were in compliance with all of the provisions of this Agreement and such Loan Documents at the times such compliance is required hereby and thereby, and that such review has not disclosed, and such Authorized Officer has no knowledge of, the occurrence and continuance during such period of 

107

an Event of Default or Default or, if an Event of Default or Default had occurred and continued or is continuing, describing the nature and period of existence thereof and the action which the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries propose to take or have taken with respect thereto and (y) identifying each Subsidiary of the Administrative Borrower as a Loan Party or an Excluded Subsidiary or confirming that there is no change in such information since the later of the Effective Date and the date of the last such list,

(B)in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), (1) attaching a schedule showing the calculation of the financial covenants specified in Section 7.03 and (2) including a discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the portion of the Fiscal Year then elapsed, and 

(C)in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries required by clause (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), attaching (1) a summary of all material insurance coverage maintained as of the date thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any reasonable evidence requested by the Agents that such insurance coverage meets the requirements set forth in Section 7.01 and the Security Agreement, (2) the calculation of the Excess Cash Flow and Total Leverage Ratio in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05(c)(i) and (3) confirmation that there have been no changes to the information contained in each of the Perfection Certificates delivered on the Effective Date or the date of the most recently updated Perfection Certificate delivered pursuant to this clause (iv) and/or attaching an updated Perfection Certificate identifying any such changes to the information contained therein;

(v)as soon as available and in any event within 30 days after the end of each fiscal month of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal month of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, reports in form and detail satisfactory to the Agents and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower as being accurate and complete in all material respects (A) listing all Accounts of the Loan Parties as of such day, which shall include the amount and age of each such Account, showing separately those which are more than 30, 60, 90 and 120 days old, together with a roll-forward reconciliation of such schedule with the schedule delivered to the Agents pursuant to this clause (v)(A) for the immediately preceding fiscal month and such other information as any Agent may reasonably request and (B) listing all accounts payable of the Loan Parties as of such day which shall include the amount and age of each such account payable and such other information as any Agent may reasonably request; 

(vi)[reserved];

(vii)as soon as available and in any event not later than 30 days after the end of each Fiscal Year (commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2025) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower (A) attaching Projections for the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries, supplementing and superseding the Projections previously required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement, prepared on a monthly basis and 

108

otherwise in form and substance generally consistent with the Projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(g)(ii) or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, for the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year, for the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (B) certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(jj)(ii) are true and correct with respect to the Projections;

(viii)promptly after submission to any Governmental Authority and to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, all material documents and information furnished to such Governmental Authority in connection with any investigation of any Loan Party other than routine inquiries by such Governmental Authority;

(ix)as soon as possible, and in any event within 2 Business Days after the occurrence of an Event of Default or Default or the occurrence of any event or development that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the written statement of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default or other event or development having a Material Adverse Effect and the action which the affected Loan Party proposes to take with respect thereto;

(x)as soon as possible and in any event: (A) at least 10 days after any event or development that could reasonably be expected to result in or constitute an ERISA Event, and, to the extent not reasonably expected, within 5 days after the occurrence of any ERISA Event, notice of such ERISA Event (in reasonable detail), (B) within three days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from the PBGC, copies of each notice received by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of the PBGCs intention to terminate any Pension Plan or to have a trustee appointed to administer any Pension Plan, (C) within 10 days after the filing thereof with the Internal Revenue Service, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Pension Plan, (D) within 3 days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan or from the PBGC, a copy of each notice received by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates concerning the imposition or amount of withdrawal liability under Section 4202 of ERISA or indicating that such Multiemployer Plan may enter reorganization status under Section 4241 of ERISA, and (E) within 10 days after any Loan Party sends notice of a plant closing or mass layoff (as defined in WARN) to employees, copies of each such notice sent by such Loan Party;

(xi)promptly after the commencement thereof but in any event not later than 5 Business Days after service of process with respect thereto on, or the obtaining of knowledge thereof by, any Loan Party, notice of each action, suit or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority or other regulatory body or any arbitrator for the payment of money exceeding the Threshold Amount in aggregate or which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(xii)[reserved];

(xiii)[reserved];

109

(xiv)as soon as possible and in any event within 5 days after the delivery thereof to the Administrative Borrowers or any Borrowers Board of Directors, copies of all material reports or other material information so delivered, subject to the Privilege Provisions (determined as if each reference therein to the Board Observer were a reference to each Agent and Lender);

(xv)promptly after the receipt thereof, a copy of any material notice received from any holder of its Indebtedness if such Indebtedness has a face amount in excess of the Threshold Amount;

(xvi)promptly after delivery thereof to the audit committee of the Board of Directors of any Loan Party, and subject to applicable attorney-client privilege (A) copies of any material audit reports or material recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of any Loan Party by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of any Loan Party, or any audit of any of them and (B) copies of all financial reports (including, without limitation, management letters), if any, submitted to any Loan Party by its auditors in connection with any annual or interim audit of the books thereof;

(xvii)promptly upon request, any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its sole discretion, confirming the Borrowers compliance with Section 7.02(r);

(xviii)[reserved];

(xix)simultaneously with the delivery of any Compliance Certificate required by clause (iv) of this Section 7.01(a), if, as a result of any change in accounting principles and policies from those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements that is permitted by Section 7.02(q), the consolidated financial statements of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a) will differ from the consolidated financial statements that would have been delivered pursuant to such subdivisions had no such change in accounting principles and policies been made, then, together with the first delivery of such financial statements after such change, one or more statements of reconciliation explaining such changes in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Agents;

(xx)[reserved];

(xxi)as soon as available, and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the end of each fiscal month of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (A) a calculation of the Liquidity of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such month, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and (B) if the Liquidity of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries is less than $15,000,000 at any time during a week, then commencing on Wednesday of the following week and for each week thereafter until the Liquidity of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for each day in the prior week is greater than $15,000,000 (x) a calculation of the Liquidity of the Administrative Borrower and 

110

its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the preceding week in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and (y) a 13-week cash flow forecast of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents (the 13-Week Cash Flow); provided, that, (a) a comparison of Liquidity against the 13-Week Cash Flow shall be included for any week that a calculation of Liquidity is delivered for a week that is included in the 13-Week Cash Flow and (b) if for any week that a calculation of Liquidity is delivered, the 13-Week Cash Flow is more than 4 weeks old, an updated 13-Week Cash Flow shall also be delivered; 

(xxii)all Security Breaches, all investigations by a Governmental Authority or other Person regarding an actual or possible material violation of any Applicable Laws regarding the privacy or security of any Loan Party Data, and all notices, allegations, complaints, and other communications relating to any of the foregoing (to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law);

(xxiii)as promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Administrative Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Administrative Borrower may file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto;

(xxiv)promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each material notice or other material correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other material inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof; and

(xxv)promptly upon request, such other information concerning the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of any Loan Party as any Agent may from time to time may reasonably request;

provided that, it being agreed and understood that documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) or (xxiii) above (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (x) on which the documents are filed and made available to the public on the SECs website (www.sec.gov) or (y) on which such documents are posted on the Administrative Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) provided that, the Administrative Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by e-mail transmission) of the posting of any such documents pursuant to clause (y) above. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents and maintaining its copies of such documents.

(b)Additional Borrowers, Guarantors and Collateral Security. Cause:

111

(i)each Subsidiary of any Loan Party not in existence on the Effective Date, and each Subsidiary of any Loan Party which is a non-borrowing Subsidiary on the Effective Date or upon formation or acquisition but later ceases to be a non-borrowing Subsidiary, or that ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days after the formation, acquisition or change in status thereof, (A) a Joinder Agreement, pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall be made a party to this Agreement as a Borrower or a Guarantor, (B) a supplement to the Security Agreement (in form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent), together with (1) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of any Person owned by such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Security Agreement, (2) undated stock powers for such Equity Interests executed in blank with signature guaranteed, and (3) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, (C) [reserved], (D) if the respective Subsidiary owns registrations of or applications for U.S. Patents, Trademarks and/or Copyrights that constitute Collateral, an Intellectual Property Security Agreement, and (E) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in order to create, perfect, establish the first priority of or otherwise protect any Lien purported to be covered by any such Security Agreement or Collateral Document (in each case, subject to Permitted Specified Liens and to the extent required under the Loan Documents) or otherwise to effect the intent that such Subsidiary shall become bound by all of the terms, covenants and agreements contained in the Loan Documents and the Collateral Documents and that all property and assets of such Subsidiary (other than Excluded Property) shall become Collateral for the Obligations; and

(ii)each owner of the Equity Interests of any such Subsidiary to execute and deliver promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days after the formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary a Pledge Amendment (as defined in the Security Agreement) or of such Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary, together with (A) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Security Agreement, if applicable, (B) undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of assignment for such Equity Interests executed in blank with signature guaranteed, if applicable, (C) such customary opinions of counsel with respect to such Subsidiary as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents requested by the Collateral Agent in order to effect the applicable provisions of the Loan Documents with respect to the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Excluded Subsidiary shall be required to become a Borrower or a Guarantor hereunder (and, as such, shall not be required to deliver the documents required by clause (i) above); provided, however, that if the Equity Interests of a Foreign Subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary are owned by a Loan Party, such Loan Party shall deliver all such documents, instruments, agreements (including, without limitation, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, a pledge agreement governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of the organization of such Excluded Subsidiary) and certificates described in clause (ii) above to the Collateral Agent, and take all commercially reasonable actions reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent or otherwise necessary to grant and to perfect a first-priority Lien (subject to Permitted Specified Liens) in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the 

112

Lenders, in 65% of the voting Equity Interests of such Foreign Subsidiary and 100% of all other Equity Interests of such Foreign Subsidiary owned by such Loan Party.

(c)Compliance with Laws; Payment of Taxes.

(i)comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Requirements of Law, judgments and awards (including any settlement of any claim that, if breached, could give rise to any of the foregoing), except to the extent the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(ii)pay, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay, in full before delinquency or before the expiration of any extension period, all Taxes imposed upon any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except (i) unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount at any one time not in excess of $500,000, and (ii) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP.

(d)Preservation of Existence, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges (except as otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents), and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)Keeping of Records and Books of Account. Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, adequate records and books of account, with entries made to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP.

(f)Inspection Rights. Permit, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to permit, the agents, advisors and representatives of any Agent at any time and from time to time during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior written notice to the Administrative Borrower, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from its records and books of account, and to discuss its affairs (including the Loan Party Systems and Loan Party Data), to visit and inspect its properties, to verify materials, leases, notes, accounts receivable, deposit accounts and its other assets, to conduct audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals or examinations and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with any of its directors, officers, managerial employees, independent accountants or any of its other representatives; provided that, excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default, only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Collateral Agent and the Lenders may exercise rights of the Agents and the Lenders under this clause (f) and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than two (2) times during any calendar year and only one (1) such time shall be at the Borrowers expense; provided, further, that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours 

113

and without advance notice. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Borrowers the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrowers independent accountants. In furtherance of the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby authorizes its independent accountants, and the independent accountants of each of its Subsidiaries, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of such Person with the agents and representatives of any Agent in accordance with this Section 7.01(f). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, none of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product (it being understood that if a Loan Party or Subsidiary withholds any document, information or other matter in reliance on this sentence, such Person shall inform the Administrative Agent promptly thereof, to the extent so informing the Administrative Agent would not result in a loss of such privilege).

(g)Maintenance of Properties, Etc.

(i)Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder, except to the extent the failure to so maintain and preserve or so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii)Each Loan Party shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (A) maintain administrative, physical, and technical security measures and procedures (consistent with industry standards for companies and businesses of similar size in similar industries) to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of the Loan Party Systems and the Loan Party Data in all material respects, in all cases including from theft, corruption, loss or unauthorized use, access, interruption, deletion, or modification by any Person, and (B) keep all Loan Party Systems operational in all material respects and maintain adequate backups and disaster recovery arrangements that are at least reasonable and at least consistent with, as protective as, and no less rigorous than, industry standards for companies and businesses of similar size in similar industries. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Party shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (x) maintain applicable equipment and software that is material to its business in physically secure premises, (y) utilize industry-accepted virus and intrusion checking software and firewalls, and (z) limit access to Loan Party Data to only those employees and agents who need such access for the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries.

(h)Maintenance of Insurance. Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies or associations, in each case, rated at least A- by A.M. Best Company (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, workers compensation and business interruption insurance) with respect to the Collateral and its other properties (including all real property 

114

leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering such risks as is (i) carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated, (ii) required by any Requirement of Law, (iii) required by any Material Contract and (iv) in any event in amount, adequacy and scope consistent with the insurance set forth on Section 6.01(r) on the Effective Date or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. All policies covering the Collateral are to be made payable to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, as their interests may appear, in case of loss, under a standard non-contributory lender or secured party clause and are to contain such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require to fully protect the Lenders interest in the Collateral and to any payments to be made under such policies. All certificates of insurance are to be delivered to the Collateral Agent, with the lender loss payable and additional insured endorsement in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, as their respective interests may appear, and such other Persons as the Collateral Agent may designate from time to time, and shall, subject to Section 5.03, provide for not less than 30 days (10 days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to the Collateral Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation. If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries fails to maintain such insurance, the Collateral Agent may arrange for such insurance, but at the Borrowers expense and without any responsibility on the Collateral Agents part for obtaining the insurance, the solvency of the insurance companies, the adequacy of the coverage, or the collection of claims. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the sole right, in the name of the Lenders, any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, to file claims under any insurance policies, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies.

(i)Obtaining of Permits, Etc. Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements, accreditations and other clearances necessary to use and occupy such properties and assets (including the Loan Party Systems), in each case that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business, in each case, except to the extent the failure to obtain, maintain, preserve or take such action could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)Environmental.

(i)Keep the Collateral free of any Environmental Lien;

(ii)Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all Environmental Permits that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, except to the extent the failure to so obtain, maintain, preserve or comply could not reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party;

115

(iii)Take all commercially reasonable steps to prevent any Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials in violation of any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit at, in, on, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party;

(iv)Provide the Collateral Agent with written notice within ten (10) days of any of the following: (A) discovery of any Release of a Hazardous Material or environmental condition at, in, on, under or from any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party, Subsidiary or predecessor in interest or any violation of Environmental Law or Environmental Permit that in any case could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party; (B) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against any Collateral; or (C) material Environmental Claim or Environmental Liabilities; and provide such reports, documents and information as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time with respect to any of the foregoing.

(k)Fiscal Year. Cause the Fiscal Year of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries to end on December 31 of each calendar year unless the Agents reasonably consent to a change in such Fiscal Year (and appropriate related changes to this Agreement).

(l)Landlord Waivers; Collateral Access Agreements. (i) At any time any Collateral with a book value in excess of $250,000 (when aggregated with all other Collateral at the same location) is located on any real property of a Loan Party (whether such real property is now existing or acquired after the Effective Date) which is not owned by a Loan Party, or is stored on the premises of a bailee, warehouseman, or similar party, and (ii) for the corporate headquarters of the Loan Parties and any other location at which material books and records of the Loan Parties are maintained, use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain written subordinations or waivers or collateral access agreements, as the case may be, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.

(m)[Reserved]. 

(n)Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws; Sanctions.

(i)Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance by each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

(ii)Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions.

(iii)Neither Loan Party nor, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee or any Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party will engage in any activity that would breach any Anti-Corruption Law.

116

(iv)Promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any action, suit or investigations by any court or Governmental Authority in relation to an alleged breach of the Anti-Corruption Law.

(v)Not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of any Loan for any purpose that would breach any Anti-Corruption Law.

(vi)Each Loan Party and Affiliate, officer, employee or director, acting on behalf of the Loan Party is (and will take no action which would result in any such Person not being) in compliance with (A) all applicable Sanctions and (B) all applicable provisions of the USA Patriot Act. None of the activities or business of any Loan Party includes any kind of activities or business of or with Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country in violation of applicable Sanctions.

(vii)In order to comply with the know your customer/borrower requirements of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, promptly provide to the Administrative Agent upon its reasonable request from time to time (A) information relating to individuals and entities affiliated with any Loan Party that maintain a business relationship with the Administrative Agent, and (B) such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such Loan Party in order to enable the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

(o)Lender Meetings. Upon the request of any Agent or the Required Lenders (which request, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, shall not be made more than once during each fiscal month), participate in a meeting with the Agents and the Lenders at the Borrowers corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Administrative Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders) at such time as may be agreed to by the Administrative Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders to discuss the financial condition and results of operation of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended fiscal month, and such other matters as the Agent or Required Lenders may reasonably request (including, without limitation, a discussion of the key performance trends within the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries business).

(p)Board Observation Rights. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to designate one observer (the Board Observer) to attend any regular meeting (a BOD Meeting) of the Board of Directors of the Administrative Borrower (or, in each case, any relevant committees thereof), except that the Board Observer shall not be entitled to vote on matters presented to or discussed by the Board of Directors (or any relevant committee thereof) of the Administrative Borrower at any such meetings. The Board Observer shall be timely notified of the time and place of any BOD Meetings (which shall be held no less than once per quarter) and will be given written notice of all proposed actions to be taken by the Board of Directors (or any relevant committee thereof) of the Administrative Borrower at such meeting as if the Board Observer were a member thereof. Such notice shall describe in reasonable detail the nature and substance of the matters proposed to be discussed and/or voted upon at such meeting (or the proposed actions to be taken by written consent without a meeting). The Board Observer shall have the right to receive all information provided to the members of the Board of Directors (or 

117

any relevant committee thereof) of the Administrative Borrower in anticipation of or at such meeting (regular or special and whether telephonic or otherwise), in addition to copies of the records of the proceedings or minutes of such meeting, when provided to the members, and the Board Observer shall keep such materials and information confidential in accordance with Section 12.19; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, (I) the Board Observers rights shall not apply to (x) information, materials or discussions to the extent directly involving the Loans or the Loan Documents (provided, however, that any such exclusion shall apply only to such portion of the information, materials or discussions to the extent directly related to the Loans or the Loan Documents) or (y) any other matter in which the Administrative Borrower concludes in good faith, upon the advice of counsel, that there is a material conflict of interest involving the Board Observer, Blue Torch or their respective Affiliates (provided, however, that any such exclusion shall apply only to such portion of the information, materials or discussions to the extent directly related to such conflict of interest); and (II) the Administrative Borrower shall have the right to withhold any information and to exclude such Board Observer from any meeting or portion thereof if the Administrative Borrower concludes in good faith, upon advice of counsel, that such exclusion is reasonably necessary to preserve the attorney-client privilege between the Administrative Borrower and its counsel and that the privilege cannot be maintained by other methods (such as common interest privilege) (provided, however, that any such exclusion shall apply only to such portion of the information, materials and discussions which would be required to preserve such privilege and not to any other portion thereof); provided, however, that in the case of matters covered by attorney-client privilege that do not involve the Board Observer, Blue Torch or their respective Affiliates, the Administrative Borrower shall negotiate in good faith a common interest agreement so that the Administrative Borrower may share such information with the Board Observer (this proviso, collectively, the Privilege Provisions). The Borrowers shall reimburse the Board Observer for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with its participation in any such BOD Meeting. The Borrowers shall reimburse the Board Observer for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with its participation in any such BOD Meeting.

(q)[Reserved].

(r)[Reserved].

(s)Cash Collateral Accounts. If for any reason and at any time the balance of the funds in any cash collateral account exceeds an amount equal to 105% of the aggregate maximum amount which is or at any time may become available for drawing under the applicable letters of credit (plus the amount of any interest accrued thereon), then each applicable Loan Party shall promptly request the return of all cash collateral in an amount equal to such excess.

(t)Further Assurances. Take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, at its sole cost and expense, such agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent may require from time to time in order (i) to carry out more effectively the purposes of 

118

this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) to subject to valid and perfected first priority Liens any of the Collateral of any Loan Party (subject to Permitted Specified Liens), (iii) to establish and maintain the validity and effectiveness of any of the Loan Documents and the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens intended to be created thereby, and (iv) to better assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer and confirm unto each Secured Party the rights now or hereafter intended to be granted to it under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. In furtherance of the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Party (i) authorizes each Agent to execute any such agreements, instruments or other documents in such Loan Partys name and to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in any appropriate filing office, (ii) authorizes each Agent to file any financing statement required hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, in any appropriate filing office without the signature of such Loan Party, and (iii) ratifies the filing of any financing statement, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, filed without the signature of such Loan Party prior to the date hereof.

Section 7.02. Negative Covenants. Until the Termination Date, each Loan Party shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing:

(a)Liens, Etc. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired; file under the Uniform Commercial Code or any Requirement of Law of any jurisdiction, a financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) that names it or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor; sign any security agreement authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) other than, as to all of the above, Permitted Liens.

(b)Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist, or otherwise become liable with respect to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist or otherwise become liable with respect to, any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness.

(c)Fundamental Changes; Dispositions.

(i)Wind-up, liquidate or dissolve, or merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any Person, including any disposition of property through a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do (or agree to do) any of the foregoing; provided, however, that (x) any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party (other than the Administrative Borrower) may be merged into such Loan Party or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Loan Party, or may consolidate or amalgamate with another wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Loan Party, and any Borrower may be merged into any other Borrower (provided, that, if the Administrative Borrower is party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Administrative Borrower shall be the surviving Person) so long as (A) no other provision of this Agreement would be violated thereby, (B) such Loan Party gives the Agents at 

119

least 5 days prior written notice of such merger, consolidation or amalgamation accompanied by true, correct and complete copies of all material agreements, documents and instruments relating to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, including, without limitation, the certificate or certificates of merger or amalgamation to be filed with each appropriate Secretary of State (with a copy as filed promptly after such filing), (C) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or after giving effect to such transaction, (D) the Lenders rights in any Collateral, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of any Lien thereon, are not adversely affected by such merger, consolidation or amalgamation (unless otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents) and (E) if the Subsidiary that is so merged out of existence was a Loan Party, the surviving Subsidiary, if any, if not already a Loan Party, is joined as a Loan Party hereunder pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and is a party to a Security Agreement and the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary is the subject of a Security Agreement, in each case, which is in full force and effect on the date of and immediately after giving effect to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation and (y) any Subsidiary may be liquidated or dissolved (including, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to any law relating to reorganization, if applicable, in such Subsidiarys jurisdiction of organization) if (A) the Administrative Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrowers and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders (in their capacities as such) and (B) if such Subsidiary is a Loan Party, the assets of such Loan Party are transferred to any other Loan Party; and

(ii)Make any Disposition, whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or any part of its business, property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing; provided, however, that any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries may make Permitted Dispositions.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary in this clause (c), in no event shall any Affiliate of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party own, hold or exclusively license any Material Asset.

(d)Change in Nature of Business. Make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, any change in the nature of its business as described in Section 6.01(l).

(e)Loans, Advances, Investments, Etc. Make or commit or agree to make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries make or commit or agree to make, any Investment in any other Person except for Permitted Investments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary in this clause (e), in no event shall any Affiliate of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party own, hold or exclusively license any Material Asset.

(f)Sale and Leaseback Transactions. Enter into, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, any Sale and Leaseback Transaction. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary in this clause (f), in no event shall any Affiliate of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party own, hold or exclusively license any Material Asset.

(g)[Reserved].

120

(h)Restricted Payments. Make or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make any Restricted Payment other than Permitted Restricted Payments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary in this clause (h), in no event shall any Affiliate of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party own, hold or exclusively license any Material Asset.

(i)Federal Reserve Regulations. Permit any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan under this Agreement to be used for any purpose that would cause such Loan to be a margin loan under the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board.

(j)Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate, except (i) transactions consummated in the ordinary course of business and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof, and that are fully disclosed to the Agents prior to the consummation thereof if they involve one or more payments by the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000 for any single transaction or series of related transactions, (ii) transactions (A) solely among Loan Parties and (B) solely among non-Loan Party Subsidiaries, (iii) transactions permitted by Section 7.02(e) and Section 7.02(h), (iv) sales or issuances of Qualified Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower to Affiliates of the Administrative Borrower not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents and the granting of registration and other customary rights in connection therewith, (v) reasonable and customary director and officer compensation (including bonuses and stock option programs), benefits and indemnification arrangements, in each case approved by the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, (v) usual and customary transfer pricing arrangements between or among the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, and (vii) other transactions set forth on Schedule 7.02(j).

(k)Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Subsidiaries. Create or otherwise cause, incur, assume, suffer or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (i) to pay dividends or to make any other distribution on any shares of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) to pay or prepay or to subordinate any Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) to make loans or advances to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) to transfer any of its property or assets to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing, except the Permitted Restrictions. 

(l)Limitations on Negative Pledges. Enter into, incur or permit to exist, or permit any Subsidiary to enter into, incur or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any agreement, instrument, deed, lease or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, 

121

or that requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except for Permitted Restrictions.

(m)Modifications of Indebtedness, Organizational Documents and Certain Other Agreements; Etc.

(i)Amend, modify or otherwise change (or permit the amendment, modification or other change in any manner of) any of the provisions of any of its or its Subsidiaries Indebtedness or of any instrument or agreement (including, without limitation, any purchase agreement, indenture, loan agreement or security agreement) relating to any such Indebtedness if such amendment, modification or change would (A) with respect to any Permitted Indebtedness described in clause (k) or (m) of the definition thereof, shorten the final maturity to be earlier than the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date, require any interest payment to be made in cash or Cash Equivalents prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date or otherwise change any other terms and conditions (including all economic terms and the absence of covenants) in a manner that is not reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, (B) with respect to any Permitted Indebtedness described in clause (l) of the definition thereof, shorten the final maturity to be earlier than the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date, or require any amortization or payment of interest in cash or Cash Equivalents prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date, or (C) would change the subordination provision, if any, of such Indebtedness, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent;

(ii)except for the Obligations, (A) make, or permit any Subsidiary to make, any voluntary or optional payment (including, without limitation, any payment of interest in cash that, at the option of the issuer, may be paid in cash or in kind), prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or other acquisition for value of any of its or its Subsidiaries Indebtedness (including, without limitation, by way of depositing money or securities with the trustee therefor before the date required for the purpose of paying any portion of such Indebtedness when due), (B) refund, refinance, replace or exchange any other Indebtedness for any such Indebtedness (other than with respect to Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness), (C) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Subordinated Indebtedness in violation of the subordination provisions thereof or any subordination agreement with respect thereto, or (D) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Indebtedness as a result of any asset sale, change of control, issuance and sale of debt or equity securities or similar event, or give any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, other than, in the case of clause (A) or (D) above, (x) any prepayment of secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such sale or transfer is a Permitted Disposition, or (y) any purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of such Indebtedness in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, a sale or issuance (other than to a Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party) of Qualified Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower.

122

(iii)(a) amend, modify or otherwise change, or permit any Subsidiary to amend, modify or otherwise change, any of its Governing Documents (including, without limitation, by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation, or any agreement or arrangement entered into by it) with respect to any of its Equity Interests (including any shareholders agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to any of its Equity Interests, except any such amendments, modifications or changes or any such new agreements or arrangements pursuant to this clause (iii) that either individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that no such amendment, modification or change or new agreement or arrangement shall provide for any plan of division pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (or other comparable event under any jurisdictions law) or (b) amend, modify or otherwise change the tax designation (i.e. corporation, partnership, etc.) of Administrative Borrower or its Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent of Administrative Borrower) in a manner that would cause an adverse tax consequence to the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; or

(iv)agree to any amendment, modification or other change to or waiver of any of its rights under (A) any Material Contract of a Loan Party, if such amendment, modification, change or waiver would result in an increase in the aggregate consideration payable by such Loan Party thereunder or a decrease in the aggregate consideration payable to a Loan Party thereunder, in each case, by 25% or more of such aggregate consideration amount as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification, change or waiver, or (B) the Preferred Equity Agreement, if such amendment, modification, change or waiver would be adverse in any material respect to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the Agents and the Lenders.

(n)Investment Company Act of 1940. Engage in any business, enter into any transaction, use any securities or take any other action or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing, that would cause it or any of its Subsidiaries to become subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, by virtue of being an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company not entitled to an exemption within the meaning of such Act.

(o)ERISA. 

(i)cause, fail to prevent or suffer to exist, or permit any of its ERISA Affiliates to cause, fail to prevent or suffer to exist, an ERISA Event, or 

(ii)adopt, or permit any of its ERISA Affiliates to adopt, any employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA that provides benefits to employees after termination of employment other than as required by Section 601 of ERISA or other Requirements of Law.

(p)Environmental. Permit the use, handling, generation, storage, treatment, Release or disposal of Hazardous Materials on, in, at, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by it or any of its Subsidiaries, except in compliance with Environmental Laws 

123

(other than any noncompliance that could not reasonably be expected to result in any material Environmental Claim or Environmental Liability).

(q)Accounting Methods. Modify or change, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to modify or change, its method of accounting or accounting principles in any material respect from those utilized in the preparation of the Financial Statements (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP).

(r)Sanctioned Persons; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

(i)Conduct, nor permit any of its Subsidiaries to conduct, any business or engage in any transaction or deal with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, including the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to, from or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, in violation of applicable Sanctions; or

(ii)Use, nor permit any of its Subsidiaries to use, directly or indirectly, any of the proceeds of any Loan, (A) to fund any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent authorized for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or in any other manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any Person (including by any Person participating in any Loan, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise), or (B) for the purpose of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law.

Section 7.03. Financial Covenants. So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing:

(a)Senior Leverage Ratio. Permit the Senior Leverage Ratio of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for any Test Period of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal quarter ends on a date set forth below to be greater than the ratio set forth opposite such date:

124

Fiscal Month End Senior Leverage Ratio

March 31, 2025 4.00:1.00

June 30, 2025 3.75:1.00

September 30, 2025 3.50:1.00

December 31, 2025 3.25:100

March 31, 2026 2.75:1.00

June 30, 2026 2.50:1.00

September 30, 2026 2.25:1.00

December 31, 2026 2.00:1.00

March 31, 2027 1.75:1.00

June 30, 2027 1.50:1.00

September 30, 2027 1.50:1.00

December 31, 2027 1.50:1.00

March 31, 2028 1.50:1.00

June 30, 2028 1.50:1.00

September 30, 2028 1.50:1.00

December 31, 2028 1.50:1.00

(b)Liquidity. Permit Liquidity of the Loan Parties to be less than $10,000,000 at any time.

Section 7.04. Real Property; Certain Excluded Subsidiaries. 

(a)Purchase or otherwise acquire any real property without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; or

(b)permit PLX Acquisition Corp. to have any operations or hold any assets, so long as it constitutes an Excluded Subsidiary. 

125

ARTICLE VIII

CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS 

AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS

Section 8.01. Cash Management Arrangements. (a) The Loan Parties shall (i) maintain cash management services at one or more commercial banks (each a Cash Management Bank) and (ii) except as otherwise provided under Section 8.01(b), deposit or cause to be deposited promptly, and in any event no later than the next Business Day after the date of receipt thereof, all proceeds in respect of any Collateral, all Collections (of a nature susceptible to a deposit in a bank account) and all other amounts received by any Loan Party (including payments made by Account Debtors directly to any Loan Party) (other than Excluded Property) into a Cash Management Account.

(b)Subject to Section 5.03, the Loan Parties shall, with respect to each Cash Management Account (other than Excluded Accounts), deliver to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement with respect to such Cash Management Account. The Loan Parties shall not maintain, and shall not permit any of their Domestic Subsidiaries to maintain, cash, Cash Equivalents or other amounts in any deposit account or securities account, unless the Collateral Agent shall have received a Control Agreement in respect of each such Cash Management Account (other than Excluded Accounts).

(c)Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in a Control Agreement with respect to a Cash Management Account, all amounts received in such Cash Management Account shall at the Administrative Agents direction be wired each Business Day into the Administrative Agents Accounts, except that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent will not direct the Cash Management Bank to transfer funds in such Cash Management Account to the Administrative Agents Accounts.

ARTICLE IX

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Section 9.01. Events of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (each, an Event of Default):

(a)any Borrower shall fail to pay, when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), (i) any interest on any Loan, any Collateral Agent Advance, or any fee, indemnity or other amount payable under this Agreement (other than any portion thereof constituting principal of the Loans) or any other Loan Document, and such failure continues for a period of three (3) Business Days or (ii) all or any portion of the principal of the Loans;

(b)any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or by any Authorized Officer of the foregoing under any Loan Document shall have been incorrect in any material respect (or in any respect if such representation or warranty 

126

is qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof) when made or deemed made;

(c)any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in (i) Section 7.01(a) (other than clauses (ix) and (xxi) thereof) or in clause (a), (b), (f)(ii) or (j)(ii) of Article 6 of the Security Agreement, and such failure, if capable of being remedied, shall remain unremedied for five (5) Business Days after the occurrence thereof or (ii) Section 7.01(a)(ix), Section 7.01(b), Section 7.01(c), Section 7.01(d), Section 7.01(h), Section 7.01(m), Section 7.02, Section 7.03, Article VIII or any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in the Security Agreement (other than any such covenant or agreement described in foregoing clause (i));

(d)any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document to be performed or observed by it and, except as set forth in subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 9.01, such failure, if capable of being remedied, shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of the date a senior officer of any Loan Party has knowledge of such failure and the date written notice of such default shall have been given by any Agent to such Loan Party;

(e)any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) any principal, interest or other amount payable in respect of Indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement) having an aggregate amount outstanding in excess of the Threshold Amount, and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness, or any other default under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness, or any other event, shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness; or any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof;

(f)any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (i) shall institute any proceeding or voluntary case seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent permitted under Section 7.02(c)(i)(y) with respect to the liquidation or dissolution of any Subsidiary), (ii) shall be generally not paying its debts as such debts become due or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, (iii) shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iv) shall take any action to authorize or effect any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (f);

127

(g)any proceeding shall be instituted against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, and either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of forty-five (45) days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against any such Person or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur;

(h)any material provision of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party intended to be a party thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Loan Party party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Loan Party or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Loan Party shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document;

(i)the Security Agreement or any other Collateral Document, after delivery thereof pursuant hereto, shall for any reason fail or cease to create a valid and perfected and, except to the extent permitted by the terms hereof or thereof, first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders (subject to Permitted Specified Liens) on any Collateral or portion thereof with a value in excess of the Threshold Amount purported to be covered thereby;

(j)one or more judgments, orders or awards (or any settlement of any litigation or other proceeding that, if breached, could result in a judgment, order or award) for the payment of money exceeding the Threshold Amount in the aggregate (except to the extent fully covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has been notified and has not denied coverage) shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and remain unsatisfied and (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon any such judgment, order, award or settlement or (ii) there shall be a period of forty-five (45) consecutive days after entry thereof during which (A) a stay of enforcement thereof is not be in effect or (B) the same is not vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal;

(k)[reserved];

(l)[reserved];

(m)the loss, suspension or revocation of, or failure to renew, any license or permit now held or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, if such loss, suspension, revocation or failure to renew could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

128

(n)[reserved];

(o)(i) there shall occur one or more ERISA Events, or (ii) there exists any fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4068 of ERISA upon the property or rights to property of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates;

(p)[reserved]; or

(q)a Change of Control shall have occurred;

then, and in any such event, the Collateral Agent may, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Administrative Borrower, (i) terminate or reduce all Commitments, whereupon all Commitments shall immediately be so terminated or reduced, (ii) declare all or any portion of the Loans then outstanding to be accelerated and due and payable, whereupon all or such portion of the aggregate principal of all Loans, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall become due and payable immediately, together with the payment of the Applicable Premium with respect to the Loans so repaid (if any), without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Loan Party and (iii) exercise any and all of its other rights and remedies under applicable law, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in subsection (f) or (g) of this Section 9.01 with respect to any Loan Party, without any notice to any Loan Party or any other Person or any act by any Agent or any Lender, all Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Loans then outstanding, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts due under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Applicable Premium (if any), shall be accelerated and become due and payable automatically and immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by each Loan Party. 

ARTICLE X

AGENTS

Section 10.01. Appointment. Each Lender (and each subsequent maker of any Loan by its making thereof) hereby irrevocably appoints, authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to perform the duties of each such Agent as set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, including: (i) to receive on behalf of each Lender any payment of principal of or interest on the Loans outstanding hereunder and all other amounts accrued hereunder for the account of the Lenders and paid to such Agent, and, subject to Section 2.02, to distribute promptly to each Lender its Pro Rata Share of all payments so received; (ii) to distribute to each Lender copies of all material notices and agreements received by such Agent and not required to be delivered to each Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, provided that the Agents shall not have any liability to the Lenders for any Agents inadvertent 

129

failure to distribute any such notices or agreements to the Lenders; (iii) to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Obligations, the Loans, and related matters and to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Collateral and related matters; (iv) to execute or file any and all financing or similar statements or notices, amendments, renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written agreements with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (v) to make the Loans and Collateral Agent Advances, for such Agent or on behalf of the applicable Lenders as provided in this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (vi) to perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and remedies of the Lenders with respect to the Loan Parties, the Obligations, or otherwise related to any of same to the extent reasonably incidental to the exercise by such Agent of the rights and remedies specifically authorized to be exercised by such Agent by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (vii) to incur and pay such fees necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions and powers pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (viii) subject to Section 10.03, to take such action as such Agent deems appropriate on its behalf to administer the Loans and the Loan Documents and to exercise such other powers delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof or the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the power to give or to refuse to give notices, waivers, consents, approvals and instructions and the power to make or to refuse to make determinations and calculations); and (ix) to act with respect to all Collateral under the Loan Documents, including for purposes of acquiring, bidding (including credit bidding), disposing (including pursuant to the applicable provision of the Bankruptcy Code), holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations. Each Secured Party agrees that no Agent is under any obligation to credit bid any part of the Obligations or to purchase or retain or acquire any portion of the Collateral. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of the Loans), the Agents shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), and such instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) shall be binding upon all Lenders and all makers of Loans; provided, however, the Agents shall not be required to take any action which, in the reasonable opinion of any Agent, exposes such Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law. The Agents may perform any and all of their duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. The Agents and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agents and any such sub-agent.

Section 10.02. Nature of Duties; Delegation. (a) The Agents shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents. The duties of the Agents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. The 

130

Agents shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, express or implied, is intended to or shall be construed to impose upon the Agents any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document except as expressly set forth herein or therein. Each Lender shall make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Loan Parties in connection with the making and the continuance of the Loans hereunder and shall make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and the value of the Collateral without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties, and neither the Agents nor any of their Related Parties shall have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into their possession before the initial Loan hereunder or at any time or times thereafter, provided that, upon the reasonable request of a Lender, each Agent shall provide to such Lender any documents or reports delivered to such Agent by the Loan Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If any Agent seeks the consent or approval of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) to the taking or refraining from taking any action hereunder, such Agent shall send notice thereof to each Lender. Each Agent shall promptly notify each Lender any time that the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) have instructed such Agent to act or refrain from acting pursuant hereto.

(b)Each Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any of its Related Parties or any other trustee, co-agent or other Person (including any Lender). Any such Related Party, trustee, co-agent or other Person shall benefit from this Article X to the extent provided by the applicable Agent.

Section 10.03. Rights, Exculpation, Etc. The Agents and their Related Parties shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by them under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents (i) may treat the payee of any Loan as the owner thereof until the Collateral Agent receives written notice of the assignment or transfer thereof, pursuant to Section 12.07 hereof, signed by such payee and in form satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; (ii) may consult with legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to any Agent or counsel to the Loan Parties), independent public accountants, and other experts selected by any of them and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by any of them in accordance with the advice of such counsel or experts; (iii) make no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, certificates, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents on the part of any Person, the 

131

existence or possible existence of any Default or Event of Default, or to inspect the Collateral or other property (including, without limitation, the books and records) of any Person; (v) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; and (vi) shall not be deemed to have made any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Agents be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. The Agents shall not be liable for any apportionment or distribution of payments made in good faith pursuant to Section 4.03, and if any such apportionment or distribution is subsequently determined to have been made in error, and the sole recourse of any Lender to whom payment was due but not made shall be to recover from other Lenders any payment in excess of the amount which they are determined to be entitled. The Agents may at any time request instructions from the Lenders with respect to any actions or approvals which by the terms of this Agreement or of any of the other Loan Documents the Agents are permitted or required to take or to grant, and if such instructions are promptly requested, the Agents shall be absolutely entitled to refrain from taking any action or to withhold any approval under any of the Loan Documents until they shall have received such instructions from the Required Lenders. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against any Agent as a result of such Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents). If any Lender acquires knowledge of a Default or Event of Default, it shall promptly notify the Agents and the other Lenders thereof in writing. Each Lender agrees that, except with the written consent of an Agent, it will not take any enforcement action hereunder or under any other Loan Document, accelerate the Obligations under any Loan Document, or exercise any right that it might otherwise have under applicable law or otherwise to credit bid at any foreclosure sale, UCC sale, any sale under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or other similar Dispositions of Collateral. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, a Lender may take action to preserve or enforce its rights against a Loan Party where a deadline or limitation period is applicable that would, absent such action, bar enforcement of the Obligations held by such Lender, including the filing of a proof of claim in a case under the Bankruptcy Code.

Section 10.04. Reliance. Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notices, statements, certificates, orders or other documents or any oral communication or telephone message believed by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person, and with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and its duties hereunder or thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it.

Section 10.05. Indemnification. To the extent that any Agent or any Related Party of the foregoing is not reimbursed and indemnified by any Loan Party, and whether or not such Agent has made demand on any Loan Party for the same, the Lenders will, within five days of written demand by such Agent, reimburse such Agent and such Related Parties for and 

132

indemnify such Agent and such Related Parties from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, client charges and expenses of counsel or any other advisor to such Agent and such Related Parties), advances or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent and the Related Parties in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent and such Related Parties under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, in proportion to each Lenders Pro Rata Share, including, without limitation, advances and disbursements made pursuant to Section 10.08; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, advances or disbursements for which there has been a final non-appealable judicial determination that such liability resulted from such Agents or such Related Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.05 shall survive the Termination Date.

Section 10.06. Agents Individually. With respect to its Pro Rata Share of the Total Commitment hereunder and the Loans made by it, each Person constituting an Agent, in its capacity as a Lender, shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or maker of a Loan. The terms Lenders or Required Lenders or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include each Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender or one of the Required Lenders. Each Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with any Borrower as if it were not acting as an Agent pursuant hereto without any duty to account to the other Lenders.

Section 10.07. Successor Agent. (a) Any Agent may at any time give at least 30 days prior written notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Administrative Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Administrative Borrower, to appoint a successor Agent. If no such successor Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation EffectiveDate), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent. Whether or not a successor Agent has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.

(b)With effect from the Resignation Effective Date, (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by such Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such retiring Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as a successor Agent shall have been appointed as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors Agents appointment as 

133

Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights (other than any rights of reimbursement for any costs, expenses, indemnities or other amounts due and owing to the Agent prior to the resignation thereof), powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. After the retiring Agents resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article, Section 12.04 and Section 12.15 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while the retiring Agent was acting as Agent.

Section 10.08. Collateral Matters.

(a)The Collateral Agent may from time to time make such disbursements and advances (Collateral Agent Advances) which the Collateral Agent, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable to preserve, protect, prepare for sale or lease or dispose of the Collateral or any portion thereof, to enhance the likelihood or maximize the amount of repayment by the Borrowers of the Loans and other Obligations or to pay any other amount chargeable to the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, costs, fees and expenses as described in Section 12.04. The Collateral Agent Advances shall be repayable on demand and be secured by the Collateral and shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Reference Rate Loans. The Collateral Agent Advances shall constitute Obligations hereunder which may be charged to the Loan Account in accordance with Section 4.01. The Collateral Agent shall notify each Lender and the Administrative Borrower in writing of each such Collateral Agent Advance, which notice shall include a description of the purpose of such Collateral Agent Advance. Without limitation to its obligations pursuant to Section 10.05, each Lender agrees that it shall make available to the Collateral Agent, upon the Collateral Agents demand, in Dollars in immediately available funds, the amount equal to such Lenders Pro Rata Share of each such Collateral Agent Advance. If such funds are not made available to the Collateral Agent by such Lender, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to recover such funds on demand from such Lender, together with interest thereon for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Collateral Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for three Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate.

(b)The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Collateral Agent to (1) release any Lien granted to or held by the Collateral Agent upon any Collateral on the Termination Date in accordance with the terms hereof; or constituting property being sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of any Loan Partys business or otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; or constituting property in which the Loan Parties owned no interest at the time the Lien was granted or at any time thereafter; or if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from its Guarantee otherwise in accordance with the Loan Documents; or that constitutes Excluded Property; or if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Lenders in accordance with Section 12.02 and (2) release any Guarantor (other than the Administrative Borrower or any Borrower (except as otherwise permitted hereunder)) from its obligations under the Guarantee if 

134

such Person ceases to be a Guarantor (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary) as a result of a transaction or designation permitted hereunder. Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agents authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 10.08(b).

(c)Without in any manner limiting the Collateral Agents authority to act without any specific or further authorization or consent by the Lenders (as set forth in Section 10.08(b)), each Lender agrees to confirm in writing, upon request by the Collateral Agent, the authority to release Collateral conferred upon the Collateral Agent under Section 10.08(b). Upon receipt by the Collateral Agent of confirmation from the Lenders of its authority to release any particular item or types of Collateral, and upon prior written request by any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders upon such Collateral; provided, however, that (i) the Collateral Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Collateral Agents reasonable opinion, would expose the Collateral Agent to liability or create any obligations or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Obligations or any Lien upon (or obligations of any Loan Party in respect of) all interests in the Collateral retained by any Loan Party.

(d)Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Loan Parties, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that (i) no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral under any Loan Document or to enforce any Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with the terms thereof, (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and (iii) the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Agents and the Lenders (but not any other Agent or any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral to be sold (A) at any public or private sale, (B) at any sale conducted by the Collateral Agent under the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the Uniform Commercial Code), (C) at any sale or foreclosure conducted by the Collateral Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with applicable law or (D) any sale conducted pursuant to the provisions of any Debtor Relief Law (including Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code), to use and apply all or any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale. The Collateral Agent shall have its own independent right to demand payment of the amounts payable by the Borrowers under the Loan Documents, irrespective of any discharge of the Borrowers obligations to pay those amounts to the other Lenders resulting from failure by them to take appropriate steps in 

135

insolvency proceedings affecting the Borrowers to preserve their entitlement to be paid those amounts.

(e)[Reserved].

(f)The Collateral Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any Lender to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by the Loan Parties or is cared for, protected or insured or has been encumbered or that the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document has been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected or enforced or is entitled to any particular priority, or to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to the Collateral Agent in this Section 10.08 or in any other Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission or event related thereto, the Collateral Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion, given the Collateral Agents own interest in the Collateral as one of the Lenders and that the Collateral Agent shall have no duty or liability whatsoever to any other Lender, except as otherwise provided herein.

(g)No holder of Swap Obligations shall have any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement. No holder of Swap Obligations that obtains the benefits of any Guarantee or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any other Loan Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender or Agent and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, no Agent shall be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under Hedge Agreements.

Section 10.09. Agency for Perfection. Each Agent and each Lender hereby appoints each other Agent and each other Lender as agent and bailee for the purpose of perfecting the security interests in and liens upon the Collateral in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, can be perfected only by possession or control (or where the security interest of a secured party with possession or control has priority over the security interest of another secured party) and each Agent and each Lender hereby acknowledges that it holds possession of or otherwise controls any such Collateral for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders as secured party. Should the Administrative Agent or any Lender obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agents request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or in accordance with the Collateral Agents instructions. In addition, the Collateral Agent shall also have the power and authority hereunder to appoint such other sub-agents as may be necessary or required under applicable state law or otherwise to perform its duties and enforce its rights with respect to the Collateral and under the 

136

Loan Documents. Each Loan Party by its execution and delivery of this Agreement hereby consents to the foregoing.

Section 10.10. No Reliance on any Agents Customer Identification Program. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on any Agent to carry out such Lenders, Affiliates, participants or assignees customer identification program, or other requirements imposed by the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations issued thereunder, including the regulations set forth in 31 C.F.R. 1010.100(yy), (iii), 1020.100, and 1020.220 (formerly 31 C.F.R. 103.121), as hereafter amended or replaced (CIP Regulations), or any other Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of the Loan Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Loan Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby: (1) any identity verification procedures, (2) any recordkeeping, (3) comparisons with government lists, (4) customer notices or (5) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or other regulations issued under the USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender, Affiliate, participant or assignee subject to Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act will perform the measures necessary to satisfy its own responsibilities under the CIP Regulations.

Section 10.11. No Third Party Beneficiaries. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions.

Section 10.12. No Fiduciary Relationship. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Document (or any other similar term) with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.

Section 10.13. Reports; Confidentiality; Disclaimers. By becoming a party to this Agreement, each Lender:

(a)is deemed to have requested that each Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after it becomes available, a copy of each field audit or examination report with respect to the Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a Report) prepared by or at the request of such Agent, and each Agent shall so furnish each Lender with each such Report,

(b)expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Agents (i) do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any Reports, and (ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Reports,

(c)expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that any Agent or other party performing any audit or examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Administrative Borrower and its 

137

Subsidiaries and will rely significantly upon the Administrative Borrowers and its Subsidiaries books and records, as well as on representations of their personnel,

(d)agrees to keep all Reports and other material, non-public information regarding the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries and their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans in a confidential manner in accordance with Section 12.19, and

(e)without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees: (i) to hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or fail to take or any conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any loans or other credit accommodations that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lenders participation in, or the indemnifying Lenders purchase of, a loan or loans of the Borrowers, and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend and hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including, attorneys fees and costs) incurred by any such Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender.

Section 10.14. Collateral Custodian. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default, the Collateral Agent or its designee may at any time and from time to time employ and maintain on the premises of any Loan Party a custodian selected by the Collateral Agent or its designee who shall have full authority to do all acts necessary to protect the Agents and the Lenders interests. Each Loan Party hereby agrees to, and to cause its Subsidiaries to, cooperate with any such custodian and to do whatever the Collateral Agent or its designee may reasonably request to preserve the Collateral. All costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent or its designee by reason of the employment of the custodian shall be the responsibility of the Borrowers and charged to the Loan Account.

Section 10.15. Subordination and Intercreditor Agreements. Each Lender hereby grants to the Collateral Agent all requisite authority to enter into or otherwise become bound by, and to perform its obligations and exercise its rights and remedies under and in accordance with the terms of, any subordination or intercreditor agreement and Lender hereby grants to the Collateral Agent all requisite authority to enter into or otherwise become bound by, and to perform its obligations and exercise its rights and remedies under and in accordance with.

Section 10.16. [Reserved].

Section 10.17. Collateral Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether any Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

138

(a)to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Secured Parties (including any claim for the compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Secured Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(b)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Secured Party to make such payments to the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Collateral Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Secured Parties, to pay to the Collateral Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.

Section 10.18. Erroneous Payments. 

(a)If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party (any such Lender, Secured Party or other recipient (and each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 10.18 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the 

139

Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(b)Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, Secured Party or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party (and each of their respective successors and assigns), agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case:

(i)it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and

(ii)such Lender or Secured Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 10.18(b). 

For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 10.18(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipients obligations pursuant to Section 10.18(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made.

(c)Each Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a).

(d)The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received 

140

funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party, to the rights and interests of such Lender or Secured Party, as the case may be) under the Loan Documents with respect to such amount and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrowers or any other Loan Party; providedthat this Section 10.18 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrowers relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, the immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y)shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent, or on behalf of (including through the exercise of remedies under any Loan Document), the Borrowers for the purpose of a payment on the Obligations.

(e)To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine.

Section 10.19. Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 10.18 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the applicable Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document.

ARTICLE XI

GUARANTY

Section 11.01. Guaranty. Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally and unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees, as a primary obligor and not as a surety to each Secured Party and their respective permitted successors and assigns, the punctual payment in cash when due, without any demand or notice whatsoever, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrowers now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, whether for principal, interest (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding of any Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such Insolvency Proceeding) fees, commissions, expense reimbursements, indemnifications or otherwise (such obligations, to the extent not paid by the Borrowers, being the Guaranteed Obligations), and agrees to pay any and all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the Secured Parties in enforcing any rights under the guaranty set forth in this Article XI. The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if the Borrowers or other Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the 

141

Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantors liability shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by the Borrowers to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of an Insolvency Proceeding involving any Borrower. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Guaranteed Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations. In no event shall the obligation of any Guarantor hereunder exceed the maximum amount such Guarantor could guarantee under any Debtor Relief Law.

Section 11.02. Guaranty Absolute. Each Guarantor jointly and severally guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto. Each Guarantor agrees that this Article XI constitutes a guaranty of payment when due and not of collection and waives any right to require that any resort be made by any Agent or any Lender to any Collateral. The obligations of each Guarantor under this Article XI are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce such obligations, irrespective of whether any action is brought against any Loan Party or whether any Loan Party is joined in any such action or actions. The liability of each Guarantor under this Article XI shall be irrevocable, absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses (other than the occurrence of the Termination Date) it may now or hereafter have in any way relating to, any or all of the following:

(a)any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto;

(b)any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any extension of the time for any performance of or compliance with the Guaranteed Obligations, any increase in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or otherwise;

(c)the acceleration of maturity of any of the Obligations, or any taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations;

(d)the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Guarantor may have at any time against any Person, including, without limitation, any Secured Party;

142

(e)any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate, limited liability company or partnership structure or existence of any Loan Party; or

(f)any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation by the Secured Parties that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party or any other guarantor or surety.

This Article XI shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Secured Parties or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

Section 11.03. Waiver. Each Guarantor hereby waives (i) presentment, protest, promptness and diligence, (ii) notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Article XI and any requirement that the Secured Parties exhaust any right or take any action against any Loan Party or any other Person or any Collateral or proof of reliance by any Secured Party upon this Guaranty, (iii) any right to compel or direct any Secured Party to seek payment or recovery of any amounts owed under this Article XI from any one particular fund or source or to exhaust any right or take any action against any other Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, (iv) any requirement that any Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right to take any action against any Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, and (v) any other defense available to any Guarantor (other than the occurrence of the Termination Date). Each Guarantor agrees that the Secured Parties shall have no obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Guarantor or against, or in payment of, any or all of the Obligations. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated herein and that the waiver set forth in this Section 11.03 is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. Each Guarantor hereby waives any right to revoke this Article XI, and acknowledges that this Article XI is continuing in nature and applies to all Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future.

Section 11.04. Continuing Guaranty; Assignments. This Article XI is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the Termination Date, (b) be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Secured Parties and their successors, pledgees, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any Lender may pledge, assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Commitments, its Loans owing to it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted such Lender herein or otherwise, in each case as provided in Section 12.07.

Section 11.05. Subrogation. No Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Loan Party or any other guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantors obligations under this 

143

Article XI, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Secured Parties against any Loan Party or any other guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Loan Party or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless the Termination Date shall have occurred. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the Termination Date, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XI, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Guaranteed Obligations or other amounts payable under this Article XI thereafter arising. If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to the Secured Parties of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, and (ii) the Termination Date shall have occurred, the Secured Parties will, at such Guarantors request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from such payment by such Guarantor.

Section 11.06. Contribution. All Guarantors desire to allocate among themselves, in a fair and equitable manner, their obligations arising under this Guaranty. Accordingly, in the event any payment or distribution is made on any date by a Guarantor under this Guaranty such that its Aggregate Payments exceeds its Fair Share as of such date, such Guarantor shall be entitled to a contribution from each of the other Guarantors in an amount sufficient to cause each Guarantors Aggregate Payments to equal its Fair Share as of such date. Fair Share means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the ratio of (i) the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to such Guarantor, to (ii) the aggregate of the Fair Share Contribution Amounts with respect to all Guarantors multiplied by, (b) the aggregate amount paid or distributed on or before such date by all Guarantors under this Guaranty in respect of the obligations Guaranteed. Fair Share Contribution Amount means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, the maximum aggregate amount of the obligations of such Guarantor under this Guaranty that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any comparable applicable provisions of state law; provided, solely for purposes of calculating the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to any Guarantor for purposes of this Section 11.06, any assets or liabilities of such Guarantor arising by virtue of any rights to subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification or any rights to or obligations of contribution hereunder shall not be considered as assets or liabilities of such Guarantor. Aggregate Payments means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (A) the aggregate amount of all payments and distributions made on or before such date by such Guarantor in respect of this Guaranty (including, without limitation, in respect of this Section 11.06), minus (B) the aggregate amount of all payments received on or before such date by such Guarantor from the other Guarantors as contributions under this Section 11.06. The amounts payable as contributions hereunder shall be determined 

144

as of the date on which the related payment or distribution is made by the applicable Guarantor. The allocation among Guarantors of their obligations as set forth in this Section 11.06 shall not be construed in any way to limit the liability of any Guarantor hereunder. Each Guarantor is a third party beneficiary to the contribution agreement set forth in this Section 11.06.

ARTICLE XII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.01. Notices, Etc.

(a)Notices Generally. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, or telecopier. In the case of notices or other communications to any Loan Party, Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below (or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section 12.01):

Comscore, Inc.

11950 Democracy Drive, Suite 600

Reston, Virginia 20190

Attention: Mary Margaret Curry, Chief Financial Officer

Email: [______], with a copy to [______]

with a copy to:

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.

Texas Tower

845 Texas Avenue

Suite 4700

Houston, Texas 77002

Attention: Darin Schultz; Maya Bobbitt

Email: [______]; [______] 

if to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to it at the following address:

Blue Torch Finance LLC

c/o Blue Torch Capital LP

150 East 58th Street, 39th Floor

New York, New York 10155

Email: [______]

with a copy to:

145

SEI Blue Torch Capital Loan Ops

1 Freedom Valley Drive

Oaks, Pennsylvania 19456

Telecopier: [______]

Email: [______]

in each case, with a copy to:

Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP

300 North LaSalle Dr., Suite 5000

Chicago, Illinois 60654-3406

Attention: G. Brad Laken

Telephone: [______]

Telecopier: [______]

Email: [______]

All notices or other communications sent in accordance with this Section 12.01, shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or 3 Business Days after the deposit thereof in the mail; provided, that (i) notices sent by overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received and (ii) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient), provided, further that notices to any Agent pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until received by such Agent.

(b)Electronic Communications.

(i)Each Agent and the Administrative Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Agents, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Agents that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.

(ii)Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (B) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (A), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (A) and (B) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the 

146

recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.

Section 12.02. Amendments, Etc. (a) No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (excluding the Fee Letter), and no consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed (x) in the case of an amendment, consent or waiver to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or granting a new Lien for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders or extending an existing Lien over additional property, by the Agents and the Borrowers (or by the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Borrowers), (y) in the case of any other waiver or consent, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (z) in the case of any other amendment, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrowers (or by the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Borrowers), and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no amendment, waiver or consent shall:

(i)increase the Commitment of any Lender, reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Loans payable to any Lender, reduce the amount of any fee payable for the account of any Lender, or postpone or extend any scheduled date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest or fees on, the Loans payable to any Lender, in each case, without the written consent of such Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt that with the consent of the Required Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be included in the determination of the Required Lenders) (it being understood that (x) no amendment, modification, waiver of, deferral of, or consent to departure from any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall constitute an increase of any Commitment of any Lender and (y) no amendment, modification or waiver of any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, the financial covenant definitions or financial ratios or any component thereof, default interest, most favored nation protection, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall constitute a reduction or forgiveness in the interest rates or the fees or premiums for purposes of this clause (i)); provided that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Post-Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Loan Parties to pay interest at the Post-Default Rate;

(ii)change the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans that is required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt that with the consent of the Required Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be included in the determination of the Required Lenders);

(iii)amend the definition of Required Lenders or Pro Rata Share without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (it being 

147

understood, for the avoidance of doubt that with the consent of the Required Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be included in the determination of the Required Lenders);

(iv)release all or substantially all of the Collateral (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), subordinate the Obligations to any other Indebtedness or subordinate any Lien granted in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on all or substantially all of the Collateral (other than Liens permitted under this Agreement as in effect on the Effective Date) or release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees (except in connection with a Disposition of the Equity Interests thereof permitted by Section 7.02(c)(ii)), in each case, without the written consent of each Lender; provided, that the Required Lenders may elect to release all or a substantial portion of the Collateral without the requirement to obtain the written consent of each Lender if such release is in connection with (x) an exercise of remedies by the Collateral Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders pursuant to Section 9.01 or (y) any Disposition of all or a substantial portion of the Collateral by one or more of the Loan Parties with the consent of the Required Lenders after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default so long as such Disposition is conducted in a commercially reasonable manner as if such Disposition were a disposition of collateral by a secured creditor in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC; or

(v)amend, modify or waive Section 4.02, Section 4.03 or this Section 12.02 without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby.

(b)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 12.02(a):

(i)no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Agent, affect the rights or duties of such Agent (but not in its capacity as a Lender) under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;

(ii)any amendment, waiver or consent to any provision of this Agreement (including Sections 4.01 and 4.02) that permits any Loan Party, any Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of the Administrative Borrower) or any of their respective Affiliates to purchase Loans on a non-pro rata basis, become an eligible assignee pursuant to Section 12.07 and/or make offers to make optional prepayments on a non-pro rata basis shall require the prior written consent of the Required Lenders rather than the prior written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(iii)any Control Agreement, Guaranty, mortgage, Security Agreement, Intellectual Property Security Agreement, collateral access agreement, landlord waiver or other agreement or document purporting to create or perfect a security interest or grant a Lien in any of the Collateral, in each case, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (a Collateral Document) may be amended, waived or otherwise modified with the consent of the applicable Agent and the applicable Loan Party without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender or any other Person if such amendment, modification, supplement or waiver is delivered in order (A) to comply with local Requirements of Law (including foreign law or regulatory requirements) or advice of local counsel, (B) to cure 

148

any ambiguity, inconsistency, omission, mistake or defect or (C) to cause such Collateral Document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and if the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower shall have jointly identified an ambiguity, inconsistency, omission, mistake or defect, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document (other than a Collateral Document), then the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision; any amendment, waiver or modification pursuant to this paragraph shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof;

(iv)no consent of any Loan Party shall be required to change any order of priority set forth in Section 2.05(d) and Section 4.03; 

(v)the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower may enter into an amendment to this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.07(g) to reflect an alternate service or index rate and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable; and

(vi)no Defaulting Lender, Loan Party, Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of the Administrative Borrower) or any of their respective Affiliates that is a Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent under the Loan Documents and any Loans held by such Person for purposes hereof shall be automatically deemed to be voted pro rata according to the Loans of all other Lenders in the aggregate (other than such Defaulting Lender, Loan Party, Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of the Administrative Borrower) or Affiliate).

(c)If any action to be taken by the Lenders hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all of the Lenders or any Lender affected thereby, and a Lender other than any Affiliate or Related Funds of the Administrative Agent (the Holdout Lender) fails to give its consent, authorization, or agreement, then the Administrative Borrower, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior irrevocable notice to the Holdout Lender, may permanently replace the Holdout Lender with one or more substitute lenders (each, a Replacement Lender), and the Holdout Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder. Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender and each Replacement Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Holdout Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any Applicable Premium or any other premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever. If the Holdout Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Holdout Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07. Until such time as the Replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and obligations of the Holdout Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Holdout Lender shall remain obligated to make its Pro Rata Share of Loans.

Section 12.03. No Waiver; Remedies, Etc. No failure on the part of any Agent or any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any other Loan 

149

Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right under any Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies of the Agents and the Lenders provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law. The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under any Loan Document against any party thereto are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by the Agents and the Lenders to exercise any of their rights under any other Loan Document against such party or against any other Person.

Section 12.04. Expenses; Attorneys Fees. The Borrowers will pay within fifteen (15) Business Days after the date of receipt of demand, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of each Agent (and, in the case of clauses (b) through (m) below, each Lender), regardless of whether the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, limited in the case of legal fees, costs, charges and expenses, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs, client charges and expenses of a single primary outside counsel for the Agents taken as a whole (and, in the case of clauses (b) through (m) below, the Agents and the Lenders, taken as a whole) (and one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction for the Agents and the Lenders, taken as a whole, and, in the event of any actual or perceived conflict of interest among any Agents and/or Lenders, one additional primary outside counsel and local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction for each group of Agents and/or Lenders similarly situated taken as a whole), accounting, due diligence, periodic field audits, physical counts, valuations, investigations, searches and filings, monitoring of assets, appraisals of Collateral, title searches and reviewing environmental assessments, miscellaneous disbursements, examination, travel, lodging and meals, arising from or relating to: (a) the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the preparation of any additional Loan Documents pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or the review of any of the agreements, instruments and documents referred to in Section 7.01(f)), (b) any requested amendments, waivers or consents to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents whether or not such documents become effective or are given, (c) the preservation and protection of the Agents or any of the Lenders rights under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (d) the defense of any claim or action asserted or brought against any Agent or any Lender by any Person that arises from or relates to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Agents or the Lenders claims against any Loan Party, or any and all matters in connection therewith, (e) the commencement or defense of, or intervention in, any court proceeding arising from or related to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (f) the filing of any petition, complaint, answer, motion or other pleading by any Agent or any Lender, or the taking of any action in respect of the Collateral or other security, in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (g) the protection, collection, lease, sale, taking possession of or liquidation of, any Collateral or other security in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (h) any attempt to enforce any Lien or security interest in any Collateral or other security in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (i) any attempt to collect from any Loan Party, (j) any Environmental Claim, Environmental Liability or Remedial Action arising from or in connection with the past, present or future operations of, or any property currently, formerly or in the future owned, leased or operated by, any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor in interest, (k) any 

150

Environmental Lien, (l) [reserved], or (m) the receipt by any Agent or any Lender of any advice from professionals with respect to any of the foregoing. Without limitation of the foregoing or any other provision of any Loan Document: (x) the Borrowers agree to pay all broker fees that may become due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (y) if the Borrowers fail to perform any covenant or agreement contained herein or in any other Loan Document, during the continuation of an Event of Default, any Agent may itself perform or cause performance of such covenant or agreement, and the documented out-of-pocket expenses of such Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be reimbursed on demand by the Borrowers. The obligations of the Borrowers under this Section 12.04 shall survive the Termination Date.

Section 12.05. Right of Set-off. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any Agent or any Lender may, and is hereby authorized to, at any time and from time to time, without notice to any Loan Party (any such notice being expressly waived by the Loan Parties) and to the fullest extent permitted by law, set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other Indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all Obligations of the Loan Parties either now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of set-off, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.04 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of set-off. Each Agent and each Lender agrees to notify such Loan Party promptly after any such set-off and application made by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under this Section 12.05 are in addition to the other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) which the Agents and the Lenders may have under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents of law or otherwise.

Section 12.06. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 12.07. Assignments and Participations.

(a)This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party and each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that none of the Loan Parties may assign or transfer 

151

any of its rights hereunder or under the other Loan Documents without the prior written consent of each Lender and any such assignment without the Lenders prior written consent shall be null and void.

(b)Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (c) below, each Lender may assign to one or more other lenders or other entities all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to:

(i)all or a portion of its Term Loan Commitment and any Term Loan made by it with the written consent of the Collateral Agent, and so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld); provided that, the Administrative Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment of unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof to an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower; and

(ii)all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment and the Revolving Loans made by it with the written consent of each Agent, and so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld); provided that, the Administrative Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment of unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof to an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower;

provided, however, that no written consent of the Administrative Borrower, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent shall be required (A) in connection with any assignment by a Lender to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender or (B) if such assignment is in connection with any merger, consolidation, sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or any substantial portion of the business or loan portfolio of such Lender.

(c)Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(i)Each such assignment shall be in an amount which is at least $5,000,000 or a multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or the remainder of such Lenders Commitment) (except such minimum amount shall not apply to an assignment by a Lender to (A) a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender or (B) a group of new Lenders, each of whom is an Affiliate or Related Fund of each other to the extent the aggregate amount to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least $5,000,000 or a multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof); 

(ii)The parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (and the Administrative Agent, if applicable), for its acceptance, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with any promissory note subject to such assignment and such parties shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, a processing and recordation fee of $5,000 (except the payment of such fee shall not be required in connection with an assignment by a Lender to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related 

152

Fund of such Lender) and all documentation and other information that such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering or terrorist financing rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act; and

(iii)No such assignment shall be made to (A) any Loan Party, any Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of the Administrative Borrower) or any of their respective Affiliates or (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B).

(iv)The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire), applicable tax forms (as required under Section 2.09(d)) and all requested know your customer documentation.

(d)Upon such execution, delivery and acceptance, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance and recordation on the Register, which effective date shall be at least 3 Business Days after the delivery thereof to the Collateral Agent (or such shorter period as shall be agreed to by the Collateral Agent and the parties to such assignment), (A) the assignee thereunder shall become a Lender hereunder and, in addition to the rights and obligations hereunder held by it immediately prior to such effective date, have the rights and obligations hereunder that have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance and (B) the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto).

(e)By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the performance or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other documents and information it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon the assigning Lender, any Agent or any Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in 

153

taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (v) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Agents to take such action as agents on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Agents by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental hereto and thereto; and (vi) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender.

(f)The Administrative Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain, or cause to be maintained at the Payment Office, a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitments of, and the principal amount of the Loans (and stated interest thereon) (the Registered Loans) owing to each Lender from time to time. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Administrative Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(g)Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a completed Assignment and Acceptance, and subject to any consent required from the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 12.07(b) (which consent of the applicable Agent must be evidenced by such Agents execution of an acceptance to such Assignment and Acceptance), the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment, record the information contained therein in the Register (as adjusted to reflect any principal payments on or amounts capitalized and added to the principal balance of the Loans and/or Commitment reductions made subsequent to the effective date of the applicable assignment, as confirmed in writing by the corresponding assignor and assignee in conjunction with delivery of the assignment to the Administrative Agent) and provide to the Collateral Agent a copy of the fully executed Assignment and Acceptance.

(h)A Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide). Any assignment or sale of all or part of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register, together with the surrender of the registered note, if any, evidencing the same duly endorsed by (or accompanied by a written instrument of assignment or sale duly executed by) the holder of such registered note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s), one or more new registered notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s).

(i)If any Lender sells participations in a Registered Loan, such Lender shall, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of the Borrowers, maintain, or cause to 

154

be maintained, a register, on which it enters the name and address of all participants in the Registered Loans held by it and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of the Registered Loan that is the subject of the participation (the Participant Register). A Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation on the Participant Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide). Any participation of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register. The Participant Register shall be available for inspection by the Administrative Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, no Agent (in its capacity as an Agent) shall have responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register or for ensuring that the Lenders observe the provisions of this clause (i)

(j)Any Lender who purchases or is assigned any portion of such Registered Loan shall comply with Section 2.09(d).

(k)Each Lender may sell participations (without the consent of the Administrative Borrower, any Agent or any other Lender) to one or more banks or other entities (other than a natural person or the Administrative Borrower or any of its Affiliates) in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans made by it); provided, that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement (including without limitation, its Commitments hereunder) and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged; (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and the Borrowers, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (iii) a participant shall not be entitled to require such Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder except (A) action directly effecting an extension of the maturity dates or decrease in the principal amount of the Loans, (B) action directly effecting an extension of the due dates or a decrease in the rate of interest payable on the Loans or the fees payable under this Agreement, or (C) actions directly effecting a release of all or a substantial portion of the Collateral or any Loan Party (except as set forth in Section 10.08 of this Agreement or any other Loan Document) and (iv) a participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Article II, Article III or Article IV than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive absent the sale of such the participation sold to such participant, except for with the prior written consent of the Agents and the Administrative Borrower. The Loan Parties agree that each participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.09 and Section 2.10 of this Agreement (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.09(d) (it being understood that the documentation 

155

required under Section 2.09(d) shall be delivered to the participating Lender) with respect to its participation in any portion of the Commitments and the Loans as if it was a Lender.

(l)Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or loans made to, or other indebtedness issued by, such Lender pursuant to a securitization transaction (including any structured warehouse credit facility, collateralized loan obligation transaction or similar facility or transaction, and including any further securitization of the indebtedness or equity issued under such a transaction) (a Securitization); provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. The Loan Parties shall cooperate with such Lender and its Affiliates to effect a Securitization, including, without limitation, by providing such information as may be reasonably requested by such Lender in connection with the rating of its Loans or any Securitization.

(m)Subject to Section 12.19, each Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose to any participant, secured creditor of such Lender or assignee (each, a Transferee) and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Lenders possession concerning each Borrower and its Affiliates that has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of each Borrower and its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement or that has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of each Borrower and its Affiliates in connection with such Lenders credit evaluation of each Borrower and its Affiliates prior to becoming a party to this Agreement.

Section 12.08. Counterparts. 

(a)This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement. The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document mutatis mutandis.

(b)The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including any Assignment and Acceptance shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signature in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

156

Section 12.09. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 12.10. Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process and Venue.

(a)ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS AND IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY ANY MEANS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.01, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 10 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE JURISDICTION OR LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH PARTY HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.

(b)Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against any other party hereto or any Related Party of 

157

the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof.

Section 12.11. Waiver of Jury Trial, Etc. EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM CONCERNING ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR UNDER ANY AMENDMENT, WAIVER, CONSENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR OTHER AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH IN THE FUTURE MAY BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR ARISING FROM ANY FINANCING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION, PROCEEDINGS OR COUNTERCLAIM SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. EACH SUCH PARTY CERTIFIES THAT NO OFFICER, REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 12.12. Consent by the Agents and Lenders. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein to the contrary or in any other Loan Document, if the consent, approval, satisfaction, determination, judgment, acceptance or similar action (an Action) of any Agent or any Lender shall be permitted or required pursuant to any provision hereof or any provision of any other agreement to which any Loan Party is a party and to which any Agent or any Lender has succeeded thereto, such Action shall be required to be in writing and may be withheld or denied by such Agent or such Lender, in its sole discretion.

Section 12.13. No Party Deemed Drafter. Each of the parties hereto agrees that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement.

Section 12.14. Reinstatement; Certain Payments. If any claim is ever made upon any Secured Party for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received by such Secured Party in payment or on account of any of the Obligations, such Secured Party shall give prompt notice of such claim to each other Agent and Lender and the Administrative Borrower, and if such Secured Party repays all or part of such amount by reason of (i) any judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative body having jurisdiction over such Secured Party or any of its property, or (ii) any good faith settlement or compromise of any such claim effected by such Secured Party with any such claimant, then and in such event each Loan Party agrees that (A) any such judgment, decree, order, settlement or compromise shall be binding upon it notwithstanding the cancellation of any Indebtedness hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or the termination of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and (B) it shall 

158

be and remain liable to such Secured Party hereunder for the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never originally been received by such Secured Party.

Section 12.15. Indemnification; Limitation of Liability for Certain Damages.

(a)In addition to each Loan Partys other Obligations under this Agreement, each Loan Party agrees to, jointly and severally, defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless each Secured Party and all of their respective Related Parties (collectively called the Indemnitees) from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fees, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (limited in the case of legal fees, costs and expenses to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees, costs and expenses of a single primary outside counsel for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, in the event of any actual or perceived conflict of interest among any Indemnitees, one additional primary outside counsel and local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction for each group of Indemnitees similarly situated taken as a whole)) incurred by such Indemnitees, whether prior to or from and after the Effective Date, whether direct, indirect or consequential, as a result of or arising from or relating to or in connection with any of the following: (i) the negotiation, preparation, execution or performance or enforcement of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, of any Environmental Claim or any other document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) any Agents or any Lenders furnishing of funds to the Borrowers under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the management of any such Loans or the Borrowers use of the proceeds thereof, (iii) the Agents and the Lenders relying on any instructions of the Administrative Borrower or the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of the Borrowers as herein provided, (iv) any matter relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or by any document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or (v) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to or arising out of any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto (collectively, the Indemnified Matters); provided, however, that the Loan Parties shall not have any obligation to any Indemnitee under this subsection (a) for any Indemnified Matter caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any other Indemnitee that is one of its Related Parties, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.

(b)The indemnification for all of the foregoing losses, damages, fees, costs and expenses of the Indemnitees set forth in this Section 12.15 are chargeable against the Loan Account. To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, pay and hold harmless set forth in this Section 12.15 may be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public policy, each Loan Party shall, jointly and severally, contribute the maximum portion which it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law, to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Matters incurred by the Indemnitees.

(c)Each Agent and each Lender, on behalf of itself and its Related Parties that are Indemnitees, and each Loan Party hereby agrees that it shall not assert, and hereby 

159

waives, any claim against the other parties hereto and the Indemnitees, as applicable, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by any applicable legal requirement) arising out of, in connection with, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, and each such Person (on behalf of itself and its applicable Related Parties) hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue upon any such claim or seek any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor.

(d)The indemnities and waivers set forth in this Section 12.15 shall survive the Termination Date.

(e)This Section 12.15 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

Section 12.16. Records. The unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans, the interest rate or rates applicable to such unpaid principal and interest, the duration of such applicability, the Commitments, and the accrued and unpaid fees payable pursuant to Section 2.06 hereof, shall at all times be ascertained from the records of the Agents, which shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error.

Section 12.17. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender and when the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.01 hereof have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Agents, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender, and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that the Loan Parties shall not have the right to assign their rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of each Agent and each Lender, and any assignment by any Lender shall be governed by Section 12.07 hereof.

Section 12.18. Highest Lawful Rate. It is the intention of the parties hereto that each Agent and each Lender shall conform strictly to usury laws applicable to it. Accordingly, if the transactions contemplated hereby or by any other Loan Document would be usurious as to any Agent or any Lender under laws applicable to it (including the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York or any other jurisdiction whose laws may be mandatorily applicable to such Agent or such Lender notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement), then, in that event, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement entered into in connection with or as security for the Obligations, it is agreed as follows: (i) the aggregate of all consideration which constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender that is contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received by such Agent or such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or agreements or otherwise in connection with the Obligations shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, any excess shall be 

160

canceled automatically and if theretofore paid shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, to the Borrowers); and (ii) in the event that the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated by reason of any Event of Default under this Agreement or otherwise, or in the event of any required or permitted prepayment, then such consideration that constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender may never include more than the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, and excess interest, if any, provided for in this Agreement or otherwise shall, subject to the last sentence of this Section 12.18, be canceled automatically by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, as of the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or such Lender to the Borrowers). All sums paid or agreed to be paid to any Agent or any Lender for the use, forbearance or detention of sums due hereunder shall, to the extent permitted by law applicable to such Agent or such Lender, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full term of the Loans until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of any Loans hereunder does not exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law. If at any time and from time to time (x) the amount of interest payable to any Agent or any Lender on any date shall be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender pursuant to this Section 12.18 and (y) in respect of any subsequent interest computation period the amount of interest otherwise payable to such Agent or such Lender would be less than the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender, then the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender in respect of such subsequent interest computation period shall continue to be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender until the total amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender shall equal the total amount of interest which would have been payable to such Agent or such Lender if the total amount of interest had been computed without giving effect to this Section 12.18.

For purposes of this Section 12.18, the term applicable law shall mean that law in effect from time to time and applicable to the loan transaction between the Borrowers, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Lenders, on the other, that lawfully permits the charging and collection of the highest permissible, lawful non-usurious rate of interest on such loan transaction and this Agreement, including laws of the State of New York and, to the extent controlling, laws of the United States of America.

The right to accelerate the maturity of the Obligations does not include the right to accelerate any interest that has not accrued as of the date of acceleration.

Section 12.19. Confidentiality. Each Agent and each Lender agrees (on behalf of itself and its Related Parties) to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care that it uses to protect its own confidential and proprietary information of a similar nature, but in no event less than a commercially reasonable degree of care under the circumstances; provided that nothing herein shall limit the disclosure by any 

161

Agent or any Lender of any such information (i) to its Affiliates, its Related Parties or the Related Parties of any Person described in clause (ii) or (iii) below, in each case, who have a reasonable need to know such information (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made either will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential in accordance with this Section 12.19 or is subject to other customary confidentiality obligations); (ii) to any other party hereto; (iii) to any assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) hereunder or any party to a Securitization, so long as such assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) or party to a Securitization agrees, in writing, to be bound by or is otherwise subject to customary confidentiality obligations (including, without limitation, confidentiality provisions similar in substance to this Section 12.19); (iv) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or judicial process or as otherwise requested by any Governmental Authority; provided that, if legally permissible, such Person shall promptly notify the Administrative Borrower in writing (via email or otherwise) of the existence and terms of such required disclosure so that the Administrative Borrower or its applicable Affiliates may seek a protective order or other appropriate relief from the proper authority (at the Administrative Borrowers and its Affiliates sole expense); (v) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization, any examiner, auditor or accountant or any nationally recognized rating agency; (vi) in connection with any litigation to which any Agent or any Lender is a party; (vii) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; (viii) to any other Person if such information is general portfolio information that does not identity the Loan Parties, or (ix) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Borrower. In addition, the Agents and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments.

Section 12.20. Public Disclosure. Each Loan Party hereby authorizes each Agent and each Lender, after consultation with the Borrowers and at such Agent or Lenders sole expense, to advertise the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangements entered into among the parties hereto, as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate, including, without limitation, on a home page or similar place for dissemination of information on the Internet or worldwide web, or in announcements commonly known as tombstones, in such trade publications, business journals, newspapers of general circulation and to such selected parties as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate; provided, however, that the first such disclosure may not occur prior to the filing of the Administrative Borrowers current report on Form 8-K disclosing the execution of this Agreement and the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 12.21. Integration. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof.

162

Section 12.22. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the entities composing the Borrowers, which information includes the name and address of each such entity and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the entities composing the Borrowers in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. Each Loan Party agrees to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver at its sole cost and expense, such instruments and documents as any Lender may reasonably require from time to time in order to enable such Lender to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act.

Section 12.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder that may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or

(iii)the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.

Section 12.24. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedging Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC 

163

may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

(a)In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b)As used in this Section 12.24, the following terms have the following meanings:

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i)a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b)

(ii)a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii)a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

164

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.

BORROWER:

COMSCORE, INC.

By: /s/ Mary Margaret Curry

Name: Mary Margaret Curry

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

[Signature Page Blue Torch Financing Agreement]

GUARANTORS:

PROXIMIC, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary

M.LABS, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary

LNKMTR, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

FULL CIRCLE STUDIES, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

MARKETSCORE, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

TMRG, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

VOICEFIVE, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

[Signature Page Blue Torch Financing Agreement]

CREATIVE KNOWLEDGE, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

CSWS, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

COMSCORE EUROPE, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

HOLLYWOOD SOFTWARE, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

COMSCORE BRAND AWARENESS, L.L.C.

By: comScore, Inc., its sole member

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: Secretary 

RENTRAK, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: Secretary 

SS MEDIA HOLDCO, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: Secretary

SHAREABLEE, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: Secretary

[Signature Page Blue Torch Financing Agreement]

SCORRESEARCH, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

[Signature Page Blue Torch Financing Agreement]

COLLATERAL AGENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:

BLUE TORCH FINANCE LLC

By: /s/ Kevin Genda

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page Blue Torch Financing Agreement]

LENDERS:

BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES KRS FUND LP

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS GP LLC, its general partner

By: KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member

By: /s/ Kevin Genda

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Managing Member

BTC HOLDINGS KRS FUND LLC

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS Fund LP, its sole member

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS GP LLC, its general partner

By: KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member

By: /s/ Kevin Genda

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Managing Member

Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF Fund LP

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF GP LLC, its general partner

By: KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member

By: /s/ Kevin Genda

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page Blue Torch Financing Agreement]

BTC HOLDINGS SBAF FUND LLC

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF Fund LP, its sole member

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF GP LLC, its general partner

By: KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member

By: /s/ Kevin Genda

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Managing Member

BTC HOLDINGS FUND III LLC

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities Fund III LP, its Sole Member

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its General Partner

By: KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member

By: /s/ Kevin Genda

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Managing Member

BTC HOLDINGS FUND III-B LLC

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities Fund III LP, its Sole Member

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its General Partner

By: KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member

By: /s/ Kevin Genda

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page Blue Torch Financing Agreement]

BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES UNLEVERED FUND III LP

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its general partner

By: KPG BTC Management LLC, its managing member

By: /s/ Kevin Genda

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Managing Member

BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND III LP

By: Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its general partner

By: KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member

By: /s/ Kevin Genda

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page Blue Torch Financing Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit103pledgeandsecurit.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.3

PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of December 31, 2024, made by each of the Grantors referred to below, in favor of Blue Torch Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Secured Parties referred to below (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, if any, the "Collateral Agent").

R E C I T A L S:

WHEREAS, Comscore, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Initial Borrower", and, and together with each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a Borrower under the Financing Agreement, each, a "Borrower" and, collectively, the "Borrowers"), the Administrative Borrower and each subsidiary of the Administrative Borrower listed as a "Guarantor" on the signature pages thereto (together with each other Person (as defined in the Financing Agreement) that guarantees all or any portion of the Obligations (as defined in the Financing Agreement) from time to time, each, a "Guarantor" and, collectively, the "Guarantors", and, together with the Borrowers and each other Person that becomes an "Additional Grantor" hereunder, each, a "Grantor" and, collectively, the "Grantors"), the lenders from time to time party thereto (each, a "Lender" and, collectively, the "Lenders"), and the Collateral Agent are parties to a Financing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (such agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise changed from time to time, including any replacement agreement therefor, being hereinafter referred to as the "Financing Agreement");

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Financing Agreement, the Lenders have agreed to make certain term loans and revolving loans (each, a "Loan" and, collectively, the "Loans"), to the Borrowers;

WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the Lenders making any Loan and providing any other financial accommodation to the Borrowers pursuant to the Financing Agreement that each Grantor shall have executed and delivered this Agreement to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; 

WHEREAS, the Grantors are mutually dependent on each other in the conduct of their respective businesses as an integrated operation, with credit needed from time to time by each Grantor often being provided through financing obtained by the other Grantors and the ability to obtain such financing being dependent on the successful operations of all of the Grantors as a whole; and

WHEREAS, each Grantor has determined that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement directly benefit, and are in the best interest of, such Grantor. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements herein and in order to induce the Collateral Agent and the Lenders to make and maintain the Loans and to provide other financial accommodations to the Borrowers pursuant to the Financing Agreement, the Grantors hereby jointly and severally agree with the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as follows:

SECTION 1.Definitions.

(a)Reference is hereby made to the Financing Agreement for a statement of the terms thereof. All capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Financing Agreement or in Article 8 or 9 of the Code and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the 

same meanings herein as set forth therein; provided that terms used herein which are defined in the Code on the date hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of such statute except as the Collateral Agent may otherwise determine. 

(b)The following terms shall have the respective meanings provided for in the Code: "Accounts", "Account Debtor", "Cash Proceeds", "Certificate of Title", "Chattel Paper", "Commercial Tort Claim", "Commodity Account", "Commodity Contracts", "Deposit Account", "Documents", "Electronic Chattel Paper", "Equipment", "Fixtures", "General Intangibles", "Goods", "Instruments", "Inventory", "Investment Property", "Letter-of-Credit Rights", "Noncash Proceeds", "Payment Intangibles", "Proceeds", "Promissory Notes", "Record", "Securities Account", "Software", "Supporting Obligations" and "Tangible Chattel Paper".

(c)As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below, such meanings to be applicable equally to both the singular and plural forms of such terms:

"Additional Collateral" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4(a)(i) hereof.

"Additional Grantor" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13(f) hereof.

"Borrowers" has the meaning specified therefor in the Recitals hereto.

"Certificated Entities" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5(m) hereof.

"Code" means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. 

"Collateral" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2 hereof.

"Collateral Agent" has the meaning specified therefor in the Preamble hereto.

"Copyright Licenses" means all licenses, contracts or other agreements, whether written or oral, naming any Grantor as licensee or licensor and providing for the grant of any right to use or sell any works covered by any Copyright.

"Copyrights" means all domestic and foreign copyrights, whether registered or unregistered, including, without limitation, all copyright rights (whether now or hereafter arising) in any and all media (whether now or hereafter developed), in and to all original works of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression (including computer software and internet website content) now or hereafter owned, acquired, developed or used by any Grantor, all applications, registrations and recordings thereof (including, without limitation, applications, registrations and recordings in the United States Copyright Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof), and all reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations in part and extensions or renewals thereof.

Equity Interests has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.01 of the Financing Agreement.

"Excluded Accounts" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.01 of the Financing Agreement.

2 

"Excluded Property" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2 hereof.

"Financing Agreement" has the meaning specified therefor in the Recitals hereto.

"Foreign Subsidiary" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.01 of the Financing Agreement.

"Grantors" has the meaning specified therefor in the Recitals hereto.

"Indemnitee" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.01 of the Financing Agreement.

"Intellectual Property" means all Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property.

"Irrevocable Proxy" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4(a)(i) hereof.

"Lenders" has the meaning specified therefor in the Recitals hereto.

"Licenses" means the Copyright Licenses, the Patent Licenses and the Trademark Licenses.

"Loans" has the meaning specified therefor in the Recitals hereto.

Material Foreign Subsidiary means any Foreign Subsidiary of a Grantor that has total assets or revenues in excess of 10% (individually, or in the aggregate with all other Foreign Subsidiaries for which the actions set forth in the last paragraph of Section 2 hereof have not been taken) of the total assets or revenues of the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Administrative Borrower for which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(ii) of the Financing Agreement.

"Non-Voting Shares" has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Excluded Property.

"Obligations" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.01 of the Financing Agreement.

"Other Intellectual Property" means all trade secrets, ideas, concepts, methods, techniques, processes, proprietary information, technology, know-how, formulae, rights of publicity and privacy and other general intangibles of like nature (other than any data licenses), now or hereafter acquired, owned, developed or used by any Grantor.

"Patent Licenses" means all licenses, contracts or other agreements, whether written or oral, naming any Grantor as licensee or licensor and providing for the grant of any right to manufacture, use or sell any invention covered by any Patent.

"Patents" means all domestic and foreign letters patent, design patents, utility patents, industrial designs, inventions, trade secrets, ideas, concepts, methods, techniques, processes, proprietary information, technology, know-how, formulae, rights of publicity and other general intangibles of like 

3 

nature, now existing or hereafter acquired, all applications, registrations and recordings thereof, and all reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations in part and extensions or renewals thereof.

"Perfection Requirements" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5(j) hereof.

"Pledge Amendment" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4(a)(ii) hereof. 

"Pledged Debt" means the indebtedness described in Schedule VII hereto and all indebtedness from time to time owned or acquired by a Grantor, the Promissory Notes and other Instruments evidencing any or all of such indebtedness, and all interest, cash, Instruments, Investment Property, financial assets, securities, Equity Interests, stock options and Commodity Contracts, notes, debentures, bonds, Promissory Notes or other evidences of indebtedness and all other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all of such indebtedness; provided that, Pledged Debt shall not include any Excluded Property.

"Pledged Interests" means, collectively, (a) the Pledged Debt, (b) the Pledged Shares and (c) all security entitlements in any and all of the foregoing; provided that, Pledged Interests shall not include any Excluded Property.

"Pledged Issuers" means, collectively, (a) the issuers of the shares of Equity Interests described in Schedule VIII hereto and (b) any other issuer of Equity Interests at any time and from time to time owned or acquired by a Grantor whose shares of Equity Interests are required to be pledged as Collateral under this Agreement. 

"Pledged Partnership/LLC Agreement" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6(k)(iii) hereof.

"Pledged Shares" means (a) the shares of Equity Interests of the Pledged Issuers, whether or not evidenced or represented by any stock certificate, certificated security or other Instrument, (b) the certificates representing such shares of Equity Interests, all options and other rights, contractual or otherwise, in respect thereof and all dividends, distributions, cash, Instruments, Investment Property, financial assets, securities, Equity Interests, stock options and Commodity Contracts, notes, debentures, bonds, Promissory Notes or other evidences of indebtedness and all other property (including, without limitation, any stock dividend and any distribution in connection with a stock split) from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all of such Equity Interests and (c) without affecting the obligations of any Grantor under any provision prohibiting such action under this Agreement, the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document, in the event of any consolidation or merger involving any Pledged Issuer and in which such Pledged Issuer is not the surviving entity or any division of any Pledged Issuer, all Equity Interests of the successor entity formed by or resulting from such consolidation, merger or division; provided that, Pledged Shares shall not include any Excluded Property. 

"Registration Page" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4(a)(i) hereof.

"Secured Party" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.01 of the Financing Agreement.

"Secured Obligations" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 3 hereof. 

4 

"Security Agreement Supplement" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13(f) hereof.

"Specified Pledged Issuer" means any Pledged Issuer that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a FSHCO.

"Termination Date" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.01 of the Financing Agreement. 

"Titled Collateral" means all Collateral for which the title to such Collateral is governed by a Certificate of Title or certificate of ownership, including, without limitation, all motor vehicles (including, without limitation, all trucks, trailers, tractors, service vehicles, automobiles and other mobile equipment) for which the title to such motor vehicles is governed by a Certificate of Title or certificate of ownership.

"Trademark Licenses" means all licenses, contracts or other agreements, whether written or oral, naming any Grantor as licensor or licensee and providing for the grant of any right concerning any Trademark, together with any goodwill connected with and symbolized by any such trademark licenses, contracts or agreements and the right to prepare for sale or lease and sell or lease any and all Inventory now or hereafter owned by any Grantor and now or hereafter covered by such licenses.

"Trademarks" means all domestic and foreign trademarks, service marks, collective marks, certification marks, trade names, business names, d/b/a's, Internet domain names, trade styles, designs, logos and other source or business identifiers and all general intangibles of like nature, now or hereafter owned, adopted, acquired or used by any Grantor, all applications, registrations and recordings thereof (including, without limitation, applications, registrations and recordings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any state thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof), and all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof, together with all goodwill of the business symbolized by such marks and all customer lists, formulae and other Records of any Grantor relating to the distribution of products and services in connection with which any of such marks are used. 

"Voting Shares" has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Excluded Property.

SECTION 2.Grant of Security Interest. As collateral security for the payment, performance and observance of all of the Secured Obligations, each Grantor hereby pledges and assigns to the Collateral Agent (and its agents and designees), and grants to the Collateral Agent (and its agents and designees), for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a continuing security interest in, all personal property and Fixtures of such Grantor, wherever located and whether now or hereafter existing and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, of every kind and description, tangible or intangible, including, without limitation, the following (all being collectively referred to herein as the "Collateral"):

(a)all Accounts;

(b)all Chattel Paper (whether tangible or electronic);

(c)all Commercial Tort Claims, including, without limitation, the Commercial Tort Claims described in Schedule VI hereto;

5 

(d)all Deposit Accounts, all cash, and all other property from time to time deposited therein or otherwise credited thereto and the monies and property in the possession or under the control of the Collateral Agent or any Lender or any affiliate, representative, agent or participant of the Collateral Agent or any Lender; 

(e)all Documents;

(f)all General Intangibles (including, without limitation, all Payment Intangibles, Intellectual Property and Licenses);

(g)all Goods, including, without limitation, all Equipment, Fixtures and Inventory;

(h)all Instruments (including, without limitation, Promissory Notes);

(i)all Investment Property;

(j)all Letter-of-Credit Rights;

(k)all Pledged Interests;

(l)all Supporting Obligations;

(m)all Additional Collateral; 

(n)all other tangible and intangible personal property and Fixtures of such Grantor (whether or not subject to the Code), including, without limitation, all bank and other accounts and all cash and all investments therein, all proceeds, products, offspring, accessions, rents, profits, income, benefits, substitutions and replacements of and to any of the property of such Grantor described in the preceding clauses of this Section 2 hereof (including, without limitation, any proceeds of insurance thereon and all causes of action, claims and warranties now or hereafter held by such Grantor in respect of any of the items listed above), and all books, correspondence, files and other Records, including, without limitation, all tapes, disks, cards, Software, data and computer programs in the possession or under the control of such Grantor or any other Person from time to time acting for such Grantor that at any time evidence or contain information relating to any of the property described in the preceding clauses of this Section 2 hereof or are otherwise necessary or helpful in the collection or realization thereof; and

(o)all Proceeds, including all Cash Proceeds and Noncash Proceeds, and products of any and all of the foregoing Collateral;

in each case, howsoever such Grantor's interest therein may arise or appear (whether by ownership, security interest, claim or otherwise).

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term "Collateral" shall not include, and no Grantor is pledging, nor granting a security interest hereunder in, (i) any of such Grantor's right, title or interest in any license, contract or agreement to which such Grantor is a party or any of its right, title or interest thereunder to the extent, but only to the extent, that such a grant would, under the express terms of such license, contract or agreement result in a breach of the terms of, or constitute a default under, such license, contract or agreement (other than to the extent that any such term (A) has been waived or (B) would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-408, 9-409 of the Code or other applicable provisions 

6 

of the Uniform Commercial Code of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law (including the Bankruptcy Code) or principles of equity), (ii) any licenses and any other property and assets to the extent, but only to the extent, that the Collateral Agent may not lawfully possess a security interest therein under applicable Requirements of Law or the creation of a security interest in which would require the consent, approval, license or authorization of a Governmental Authority (other than to the extent that (A) any such Requirement of Law would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-408, 9-409 of the Code or other applicable provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law (including the Bankruptcy Code) or principles of equity or (B) such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained), (iii) any assets subject to Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness (or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of thereof), to the extent, but only to the extent, that such a grant would, under the express terms of such Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness or such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness, result in a breach of the terms thereof, or constitute a default thereunder (other than to the extent that any such term (A) has been waived or (B) would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-408, 9-409 of the Code or other applicable provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law (including the Bankruptcy Code) or principles of equity); provided that in the case of each of the clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above (x) immediately upon the ineffectiveness, lapse, termination or waiver of any such provision, the Collateral shall include, and such Grantor shall be deemed to have granted a security interest in, all such right, title and interest as if such provision had never been in effect, (y) the foregoing exclusion shall in no way be construed so as to limit, impair or otherwise affect the Collateral Agent's unconditional continuing security interest in and liens upon any rights or interests of a Grantor in or to the proceeds of, or any monies due or to become due under, any such license, contract or agreement (except, solely to the extent such proceeds or monies themselves constitute Excluded Property) and (z) if any licenses and any other property and assets would have otherwise constituted Collateral, when such license, property and asset shall cease to be Excluded Property, such property shall be deemed at all times from and after the date hereof to constitute Collateral, (iv) any intent-to-use United States trademark applications for which an amendment to allege use or statement of use has not been filed under 15 U.S.C. 1051(c) or 15 U.S.C. 1051(d), respectively, or if filed, has not been deemed in conformance with 15 U.S.C. 1051(a) or examined and accepted, respectively, by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, provided that upon such filing and acceptance, such intent-to-use applications shall be included in the definition of Collateral, (vi) any margin stock, (vii) in the case of any Excluded Subsidiary of such Grantor that is a CFC or FSHCO (but only for so long as such Subsidiary continues to qualify as a CFC or FSHCO), more than 65% (or such greater percentage that (1) would not reasonably be expected to cause the undistributed earnings of any CFC as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes to be treated as a deemed dividend to such CFCs U.S. parent and (2)would not reasonably be expected to cause any material adverse tax consequences) of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2), such shares, "Voting Shares") (it being understood and agreed that the Collateral shall include 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2) such shares, "Non-Voting Shares") of such Foreign Subsidiary constituting a CFC or FSHCO owned by such Grantor) and (viii) the Equity Interests of PLX Acquisition Corp., so long as the Grantors and their Subsidiaries are in compliance with Section 7.04(b) of the Financing Agreement (for so long as excluded from the term "Collateral" pursuant to clauses (i)-(viii) above, the "Excluded Property").

The Grantors agree that at the request of the Collateral Agent the pledge of the shares of Equity Interests of any Pledged Issuer who is a Material Foreign Subsidiary may be supplemented by one or more separate pledge agreements, deeds of pledge, share charges, or other similar agreements or instruments, executed and delivered by the relevant Grantors in favor of the Collateral Agent, which pledge agreements will provide for the pledge of such shares of Equity Interests in accordance with the laws of 

7 

the applicable foreign jurisdiction. With respect to such shares of Equity Interests, the Collateral Agent may, at any time and from time to time, in its sole discretion, take actions in such foreign jurisdictions that will result in the perfection of the Lien created in such shares of Equity Interests.

SECTION 3.Security for Secured Obligations. The security interest created hereby in the Collateral constitutes continuing collateral security for all of the following obligations, whether now existing or hereafter incurred (the "Secured Obligations"):

(a)the prompt and complete payment by each Grantor, as and when due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), of: (i) all Obligations, (ii) in the case of a Guarantor, all amounts from time to time owing by such Grantor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Financing Agreement) and (iii) all interest, fees, commissions, charges, expense reimbursements, indemnifications and all other amounts due or to become due under any Loan Document constituting Obligations (including, without limitation, all interest, fees, commissions, charges, expense reimbursements, indemnifications and other amounts that accrue after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding of any Loan Party, whether or not the payment of such interest, fees, commissions, charges, expense reimbursements, indemnifications and other amounts are unenforceable or are not allowable, in whole or in part, due to the existence of such Insolvency Proceeding); and

(b)the prompt and complete payment and due performance and observance by each Grantor of all of its other Obligations from time to time existing in respect of this Agreement and any other Loan Document.

SECTION 4.Delivery of the Pledged Interests.

(a)(i) All Promissory Notes currently evidencing the Pledged Debt and all certificates currently representing the Pledged Shares shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent on or prior to the Effective Date. All other Promissory Notes, certificates and Instruments constituting Pledged Interests from time to time required to be pledged to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or the Financing Agreement (the "Additional Collateral") shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent promptly upon, but in any event within five Business Days of, receipt thereof by or on behalf of any of the Grantors. All such Promissory Notes, certificates and Instruments shall be (A) held by or on behalf of the Collateral Agent pursuant hereto, (B) delivered in suitable form for transfer by delivery or shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment executed in blank and (C) with respect to any Pledged Shares, accompanied by (1) a duly executed irrevocable proxy coupled with an interest, in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto (an "Irrevocable Proxy"), and (2) a duly acknowledged Equity Interest registration page, in blank, from each Pledged Issuer, substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto, or otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (a "Registration Page"), all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. If any Pledged Interests consist of uncertificated securities, unless the immediately following sentence is applicable thereto, such Grantor shall cause (x) the Collateral Agent (or its designated custodian or nominee) to become the registered holder thereof, or (y) each issuer of such securities to agree that it will comply with instructions originated by the Collateral Agent with respect to such securities without further consent by such Grantor. If any Pledged Interests consist of security entitlements, such Grantor shall (x) transfer such security entitlements to the Collateral Agent (or its custodian, nominee or other designee), or 

8 

(y) cause the applicable securities intermediary to agree that it will comply with entitlement orders by the Collateral Agent without further consent by such Grantor. 

(ii)Within three Business Days of the receipt by a Grantor of any Additional Collateral, a pledge amendment duly executed by such Grantor, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto (a "Pledge Amendment"), shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent, in respect of the Additional Collateral that must be pledged pursuant to this Agreement or the Financing Agreement. The Pledge Amendment shall from and after delivery thereof constitute part of Schedules VII and VIII hereto. Each Grantor hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to attach each Pledge Amendment to this Agreement and agrees that all Promissory Notes, certificates or Instruments listed on any Pledge Amendment delivered to the Collateral Agent shall for all purposes hereunder constitute Pledged Interests and such Grantor shall be deemed upon delivery thereof to have made the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 hereof with respect to such Additional Collateral.

(b)If any Grantor shall receive, by virtue of such Grantor being or having been an owner of any Pledged Interests, any Additional Collateral consisting of any (i) Equity Interest certificate (including, without limitation, any certificate representing an Equity Interest dividend or distribution in connection with any increase or reduction of capital, reclassification, merger, consolidation, division, sale of assets, combination of shares, stock split, spin-off or split-off), Promissory Note or other Instrument, (ii) option or right, whether as an addition to, substitution for, or in exchange for, any Pledged Interests, or otherwise, (iii) dividends or distributions payable in cash (except such dividends and/or distributions permitted to be retained by any such Grantor pursuant to Section 7 hereof) or in securities or other property or (iv) Instruments, Investment Property and other property in connection with a partial or total liquidation or dissolution or in connection with a reduction of capital, capital surplus or paid-in surplus, such Grantor shall receive such Equity Interest certificate, Promissory Note, Instrument, option, or right in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, shall segregate it from such Grantor's other property and shall promptly deliver it to the Collateral Agent, in the exact form received, with any necessary indorsement and/or instrument of transfer or assignment executed in blank (and, in the case of any Additional Collateral described in clause (b)(i) above, with an Irrevocable Proxy and Registration Page with respect to any such Additional Collateral), all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, to be held by the Collateral Agent as Pledged Interests (provided, that no Grantor shall be required to pledge any such Equity Interest certificate, Promissory Note, or Instrument to the extent constituting Excluded Property). 

(c)Other than with respect to Excluded Accounts, each Grantor shall maintain Securities Accounts and Deposit Accounts only with financial institutions that have agreed to comply with entitlement orders and instructions issued or originated by the Collateral Agent without further consent by such Grantor, such agreement to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.

(d)In addition to and not in lieu of the foregoing, if any Pledged Issuer of any Investment Property is organized under the law of, or has its chief executive office in, a jurisdiction outside of the United States, each Grantor shall take such additional actions, including, without limitation, causing the issuer to register the pledge on its books and records, as may be necessary or advisable or as may be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent, under the laws of such jurisdiction to insure the validity, perfection and priority of the security interest of the Collateral Agent.

(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, if any certificate representing the Pledged Shares of a Specified Pledged Issuer includes 

9 

both Voting Shares and Non-Voting Shares of such Specified Pledged Issuer and a portion of such Voting Shares constitutes Excluded Property, the applicable Grantor shall only be required to deliver (or in the case of any such Specified Pledged Issuer that is a Foreign Subsidiary, use its best efforts to deliver) a certificate representing the percentage of Pledged Shares corresponding to the percentage of the Voting Shares included in such Pledged Shares (it being understood, notwithstanding the foregoing, that all of the Non-Voting Shares included in such Pledged Shares shall constitute Collateral). 

SECTION 5.Representations and Warranties. Each Grantor jointly and severally represents and warrants as follows:

(a)Schedule I hereto sets forth a complete and accurate list as of the date hereof of (i) the exact legal name of each Grantor, (ii) the jurisdiction of organization of each Grantor, (iii) the type of organization of each Grantor and (iv) the organizational identification number of each Grantor (or states that no such organizational identification number exists). The Perfection Certificate, dated as of the date hereof or the most recently updated Perfection Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iv)(C) of the Financing Agreement, as applicable, a copy of which has been previously delivered to the Collateral Agent, is true, complete and correct in all material respects. 

(b)All Equipment, Fixtures, Inventory and other Goods now existing are, and all Equipment, Fixtures, Inventory (other than Inventory in transit in the ordinary course of business) and other Goods hereafter existing (in each case, other than any Excluded Property) having an individual or aggregate value in excess of $250,000 will be, located at the addresses specified therefor in Schedule III hereto (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with Section 6(b) hereof). Each Grantor's chief place of business and chief executive office, the place where such Grantor keeps its Records concerning Accounts and all originals of all Chattel Paper are located at the addresses specified therefor in Schedule III hereto (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof). None of the Accounts is evidenced by Promissory Notes or other Instruments which have not been delivered to the Collateral Agent in accordance with this Agreement. Set forth in Schedule IV hereto is a complete and accurate list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each Deposit Account, Securities Account and Commodities Account of each Grantor, together with the name and address of each institution at which each such Account is maintained, the account number for each such Account and a description of the purpose of each such Account. Set forth in Schedule II hereto is (i) a complete and correct list of each trade name used by each Grantor and (ii) the name of, and each trade name used by, each Person from which such Grantor has acquired any substantial part of the Collateral within five years of the date hereof.

(c)Each Grantor has delivered to the Collateral Agent true, complete and correct copies of each material License described in Schedule II hereto, including all schedules and exhibits thereto, which represents all of the material Licenses existing on the date of this Agreement. As of the date of this Agreement, each such License sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties thereto relating to the subject matter thereof, and there are no other agreements, arrangements or understandings, written or oral, relating to the matters covered thereby or the rights of any Grantor or any of its Affiliates in respect thereof, except as set forth on Schedule II. Each License now existing is, and each other License will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the parties thereto, enforceable against such parties in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally. No default under any material License by any such party has occurred, nor does any defense, offset, deduction or counterclaim exist thereunder in favor of any such party other than, any such offset or deduction made in accordance with the terms of such License. No party to any material License has 

10 

given any Grantor notice of its intention to cancel, terminate or fail to renew any material License, except to the extent any such cancellation, termination or failure to renew constitutes a Permitted Disposition.

(d)Schedule II hereto sets forth a complete and accurate list, as of the date hereof, of all Registered Intellectual Property, pending Patent applications, applications for the registrations of Trademarks and applications to register Copyrights, in each case, owned or licensed by each Grantor as of the date hereof. All such Intellectual Property is subsisting and in full force and effect, has not been adjudged invalid or unenforceable, is valid and enforceable and has not been abandoned in whole or in part, except as otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents. No Intellectual Property owned or used by and Grantor conflicts with the rights of others to any Intellectual Property and no Grantor is now infringing or in conflict with any such rights of others, and to the best knowledge of each Grantor, no other Person is now infringing or in conflict with any such properties, assets and rights owned or used by any Grantor, except for infringements and conflicts that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No Grantor has received any notice that it is violating or has violated the Intellectual Property rights of any third party, except for any violation that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e)To each Grantors knowledge, none of the Other Intellectual Property of any Grantor has been used, divulged, disclosed or appropriated to the detriment of such Grantor for the benefit of any other Person other than such Grantor; no employee, independent contractor or agent of any Grantor has misappropriated any Other Intellectual Property of any other Person in the course of the performance of his or her duties as an employee, independent contractor or agent of such Grantor; and no employee, independent contractor or agent of any Grantor is in default or breach of any term of any employment agreement, non-disclosure agreement, assignment of inventions agreement or similar agreement, or contract relating in any way to the protection, ownership, development, use or transfer of such Grantor's Intellectual Property.

(f)The Pledged Issuers set forth in Schedule VIII that are Subsidiaries of a Grantor are such Grantor's only Subsidiaries, other than any Excluded Subsidiaries. The Pledged Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and the holders thereof are not entitled to any preemptive, first refusal or other similar rights. Except as noted in Schedule VIII hereto, the Pledged Shares constitute 100% of the issued shares of Equity Interests of the Pledged Issuers as of the date hereof. All other shares of Equity Interests constituting Pledged Interests will be duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(g)To each Grantors knowledge, the Promissory Notes evidencing the Pledged Debt have been, and all other Promissory Notes from time to time evidencing Pledged Debt, when executed and delivered, will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by the respective makers thereof, and all such Promissory Notes are or will be, as the case may be, legal, valid and binding obligations of such makers, enforceable against such makers in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally.

(h)The Grantors are and will be at all times the beneficial owners of, or otherwise have and will have adequate rights in, the Collateral free and clear of any Liens except for the Permitted Liens. No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording or filing office except such as may have been filed to perfect or protect any Permitted Lien.

11 

(i)The Grantors grant of a security interest hereunder and the performance of their obligations hereunder and the exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of its rights and remedies hereunder will not contravene any law or Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting any Grantor or any of its properties and will not result in, or require the creation of, any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties other than a Permitted Lien. 

(j) No material authorization or approval or other action by, and no material notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required for (i) the due execution, delivery and performance by any Grantor of this Agreement, (ii) the grant by any Grantor of the security interest purported to be created hereby in the Collateral or (iii) the exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of its rights and remedies hereunder, except, in the case of this clause (iii), as may be required in connection with any sale of any Pledged Interests by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally. No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, is required for the perfection of the security interest purported to be created hereby in the Collateral, except (A) for the filing under the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the applicable jurisdiction of the financing statements described in Schedule V hereto, all of which financing statements have been duly filed and are in full force and effect, (B) with respect to the perfection of the security interest created hereby in the United States Intellectual Property and Licenses, for the recording of the appropriate Assignment for Security, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, (C) with respect to the perfection of the security interest created hereby in foreign Intellectual Property and Licenses, for registrations and filings in jurisdictions located outside of the United States and covering rights in such jurisdictions relating to such foreign Intellectual Property and Licenses, (D) with respect to the perfection of the security interest created hereby in Titled Collateral, for the submission of an appropriate application requesting that the Lien of the Collateral Agent be noted on the Certificate of Title or certificate of ownership, completed and authenticated by the applicable Grantor, together with the Certificate of Title or certificate of ownership, with respect to such Titled Collateral, to the appropriate Governmental Authority, (E) with respect to any action that may be necessary to obtain control of Collateral constituting Deposit Accounts, Electronic Chattel Paper, Investment Property or Letter-of-Credit Rights, the taking of such actions, and (F) the Collateral Agent's having possession of all Documents, Chattel Paper, Instruments and cash constituting Collateral (subclauses (A) (F), each, a "Perfection Requirement" and, collectively, the "Perfection Requirements").

(k)As of the date hereof, no Grantor holds any Commercial Tort Claims in respect of which a claim has been filed in a court of law or a written notice by an attorney has been given to a potential defendant, except for such claims described in Schedule VI. 

(l)This Agreement creates a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral, as security for the Secured Obligations. The Perfection Requirements result in the perfection of such security interests. Such security interests are, or in the case of Collateral in which any Grantor obtains rights after the date hereof, will be, perfected, first priority security interests, subject in priority only to the Permitted Liens, and the recording of such instruments of assignment described above. Such Perfection Requirements and all other action necessary or desirable to perfect and protect such security interest have been duly made or taken, except for (i) the Collateral Agent's having possession of all Instruments, Documents, Chattel Paper and cash constituting Collateral after the date hereof, (ii) the Collateral Agent's having control of all Deposit Accounts, Electronic Chattel Paper, Investment Property or Letter-of-Credit Rights constituting Collateral after the date hereof, and (iii) the other filings and recordations and actions described in Section 5(j) hereof. 

12 

(m)Each Grantor and any of its Subsidiaries that is a partnership or a limited liability company with certificated Equity Interests and a Pledged Issuer, has irrevocably opted into (and has caused each of its Subsidiaries that is a partnership or a limited liability company with certificated Equity Interests and a Pledged Issuer to opt into) Article 8 of the relevant Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, the "Certificated Entities"). Such interests are securities for purposes of Article 8 of the relevant Uniform Commercial Code. With respect to each Grantor and its Subsidiaries that is a partnership or a limited liability company and a Pledged Issuer, and is not a Certificated Entity, the partnership interests or membership interests of each such Person are not (i) dealt in or traded on securities exchanges or in securities markets, (ii) securities for purposes of Article 8 of any relevant Uniform Commercial Code, (iii) investment company securities within the meaning of Section 8-103 of any relevant Uniform Commercial Code or (iv) evidenced by a certificate. Such partnership interests or membership interests constitute General Intangibles. 

SECTION 6.Covenants as to the Collateral. In accordance with Section 7.01 of the Financing Agreement, during the period from the Effective Date until the Termination Date, unless the Collateral Agent shall otherwise consent in writing:

(a)Further Assurances. Each Grantor will take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, at its sole cost and expense, such agreements, instruments or other documents as the Collateral Agent may require from time to time in order (i) to perfect and protect, or maintain the perfection of, the security interest and Lien purported to be created hereby; (ii) to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder in respect of the Collateral; or (iii) otherwise to effect the purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation: (A) at the request of the Collateral Agent, marking conspicuously all Chattel Paper, Instruments, Licenses and all of its Records pertaining to the Collateral with a legend, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, indicating that such Chattel Paper, Instrument, License or Records is subject to the security interest created hereby, (B) if any Account shall be evidenced by a Promissory Note or other Instrument or Chattel Paper, delivering and pledging to the Collateral Agent such Promissory Note, other Instrument or Chattel Paper, duly endorsed and accompanied by executed instruments of transfer or assignment, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, (C) executing and filing (to the extent, if any, that such Grantor's signature is required thereon) or authenticating the filing of, such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, (D) with respect to Intellectual Property hereafter existing and not covered by an appropriate security interest grant, the executing and recording in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, appropriate instruments granting a security interest, as may be necessary or desirable or that the Collateral Agent may request in order to perfect and preserve the security interest purported to be created hereby, (E) delivering to the Collateral Agent Irrevocable Proxies and Registration Pages in respect of the Pledged Interests, (F) furnishing to the Collateral Agent from time to time statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Collateral as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail, (G) if at any time after the date hereof, any Grantor acquires or holds any Commercial Tort Claim, immediately notifying the Collateral Agent in a writing signed by such Grantor setting forth a brief description of such Commercial Tort Claim and granting to the Collateral Agent a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, which writing shall incorporate the provisions hereof and shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, (H) upon the acquisition after the date hereof by any Grantor of any Titled Collateral (other than Equipment that is subject to a purchase money security interest that constitutes a Permitted Lien under the Financing Agreement), immediately notifying the Collateral Agent of such acquisition, setting forth a description of the Titled Collateral acquired and a good faith estimate of the current value of such Titled Collateral, and if so requested by the Collateral Agent, immediately causing the Collateral Agent to be 

13 

listed as the lienholder on such Certificate of Title or certificate of ownership and delivering evidence of the same to the Collateral Agent, and (I) taking all actions required by law in any relevant Uniform Commercial Code jurisdiction, or by other law as applicable in any foreign jurisdiction. No Grantor shall take or fail to take any action which could in any manner impair the validity or enforceability of the Collateral Agent's security interest in and Lien on any Collateral. 

(b)Location of Equipment and Inventory. Each Grantor will keep the Equipment and Inventory (other than Equipment and Inventory in transit or constituting Excluded Property) having an individual or aggregate value in excess of $250,000 at the locations specified in Schedule III hereto or, upon not less than thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Collateral Agent accompanied by a new Schedule III hereto indicating each new location of such Equipment and Inventory, at such other locations in the continental United States as the Grantors may elect, provided that (i) all action has been taken to grant to the Collateral Agent a perfected, first priority security interest in such Equipment and Inventory (subject only to Permitted Liens) in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and (ii) the Collateral Agent's rights in such Equipment and Inventory, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of the security interest created hereby in such Equipment and Inventory, are not adversely affected thereby. 

(c)Condition of Equipment. Except with respect to Permitted Dispositions, to the extent required pursuant to Section 7.01(g) of the Financing Agreement, each Grantor will maintain or cause the Equipment which is necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business to be maintained and preserved in good condition, repair and working order as when acquired and in accordance with any manufacturer's manual, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and will forthwith, or in the case of any loss or damage to any Equipment constituting Collateral reasonably promptly after the occurrence thereof, make or cause to be made all repairs, replacements and other improvements in connection therewith which are necessary or desirable, consistent with past practice, or which the Collateral Agent may reasonably request to such end.

(d)Provisions Concerning the Accounts and the Licenses.

(i)Each Grantor will, except as otherwise provided in this subsection (d) and except for Permitted Dispositions, continue to collect, at its own expense, all amounts due or to become due under the Accounts. In connection with such collections, each Grantor may (and, at the Collateral Agent's direction, will) take such action as such Grantor (or, if applicable, the Collateral Agent) may deem necessary or advisable to enforce collection or performance of the Accounts; provided, however, that the Collateral Agent shall have the right at any time, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to notify the Account Debtors or obligors under any Accounts of the assignment of such Accounts to the Collateral Agent and to direct such Account Debtors or obligors to make payment of all amounts due or to become due to such Grantor thereunder directly to the Collateral Agent or its designated agent and, upon such notification and at the expense of such Grantor and to the extent permitted by law, to enforce collection of any such Accounts and to adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof, in the same manner and to the same extent as such Grantor might have done. After receipt by any Grantor of a notice from the Collateral Agent that the Collateral Agent has notified, intends to notify, or has enforced or intends to enforce a Grantor's rights against the Account Debtors or obligors under any Accounts as referred to in the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, (A) all amounts and proceeds (including Instruments) received by such Grantor in respect of the Accounts shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent hereunder, shall be segregated from other funds of such Grantor and shall be forthwith paid over to the Collateral Agent or its designated agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement) to be held as cash collateral and 

14 

either (x) credited to the Loan Account so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or (y) if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, applied as specified in the Financing Agreement hereof, and (B) such Grantor will not adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment of any Account or release wholly or partly any Account Debtor or obligor thereof or allow any credit or discount thereon. Any such securities, cash, investments and other items so received by the Collateral Agent or its designated agent shall (in the sole and absolute discretion of the Collateral Agent) be held as additional Collateral for the Secured Obligations or distributed in accordance with Section 8 hereof.

(ii)Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any breach or default under any material License by any party thereto other than a Grantor, (A) the relevant Grantor will, promptly after obtaining knowledge thereof, give the Collateral Agent written notice of the nature and duration thereof, specifying what action, if any, it has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto, (B) no Grantor will, without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, declare or waive any such breach or default or affirmatively consent to the cure thereof or exercise any of its remedies in respect thereof, and (C) each Grantor will, upon written instructions from the Collateral Agent and at such Grantor's expense, take such action as the Collateral Agent may deem necessary or advisable in respect thereof.

(iii)Each Grantor will, at its expense, promptly deliver to the Collateral Agent a copy of each notice or other communication received by it by which any other party to any License (A) declares a breach or default by a Grantor of any material term thereunder, (B) terminates such License or (C) purports to exercise any of its rights or affect any of its obligations thereunder, together with a copy of any reply by such Grantor thereto.

(iv)Each Grantor will exercise promptly and diligently each and every right which it may have under each License (other than any right of termination) and will duly perform and observe in all respects all of its obligations under each material License and will take all action necessary to maintain the material Licenses in full force and effect, except as otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents. No Grantor will, without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, cancel, terminate, amend or otherwise modify in any respect, or waive any provision of, any material License, except to the extent constituting a Permitted Disposition.

(e)Notices and Communications; Defense of Title; Amendments; Equity Issuances. Each Grantor will:

(i)at the Grantors' joint and several expense, promptly deliver to the Collateral Agent a copy of each material notice or other communication received by it in respect of the Pledged Interests;

(ii)at the Grantors' joint and several expense, defend the Collateral Agent's right, title and security interest in and to the Pledged Interests against the claims of any Person, keep the Pledged Interests free from all Liens (except Permitted Liens), and not sell, exchange, transfer, assign, lease or otherwise dispose of the Pledged Interests or any interest therein, except as permitted under the Financing Agreement and the other Loan Documents;

(iii)not make or consent to any amendment or other modification or waiver with respect to any Pledged Interests or enter into any agreement or permit to exist any restriction with respect to any Pledged Interests other than as expressly permitted under the Financing Agreement; and

15 

(iv)not permit the issuance of (A) any additional shares of any class of Equity Interests of any Pledged Issuer, (B) any securities convertible voluntarily by the holder thereof or automatically upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event or condition into, or exchangeable for, any such shares of Equity Interests or (C) any warrants, options, contracts or other commitments entitling any Person to purchase or otherwise acquire any such shares of Equity Interests, in each case, other than as permitted under the Financing Agreement. 

(f)Intellectual Property.

(i)If applicable, each Grantor has duly executed and delivered the applicable Assignment for Security in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. Except as provided in subsection (iii) below and for any Permitted Disposition, each Grantor (either itself or through licensees) will, and will cause each licensee thereof to, take all action necessary to maintain all of the Intellectual Property in full force and effect, including, without limitation, using the proper statutory notices and markings and using the Trademarks on each applicable trademark class of goods in order to so maintain the Trademarks in full force, free from any claim of abandonment for non-use, and no Grantor will (nor permit any licensee thereof to) do any act or knowingly omit to do any act whereby any Intellectual Property may become invalidated, except as otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents. 

(ii)Subject to clause (iii) below and any Permitted Disposition, with respect to registration or pending application of each item of its material Intellectual Property for which such Grantor has standing to do so, each Grantor agrees to take, at its expense, all reasonable steps in the USPTO and the USCO, to pursue the registration and maintenance in the United States of each Patent, Trademark, or Copyright registration or application now or hereafter included in the material Intellectual Property of such Grantor. Upon the registration of any such Intellectual Property, the applicable Grantor shall promptly deliver to the Collateral and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days after the last day of the Fiscal Quarter in which such Grantor registers such Intellectual Property written notice thereof and an updated Schedule II listing all such newly Registered Intellectual Property.

(iii)Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no Grantor shall have an obligation to use or to maintain any Intellectual Property (A) that relates solely to any product or work, that has been, or is in the process of being, discontinued, abandoned or terminated, (B) that is being replaced with Intellectual Property substantially similar to the Intellectual Property that may be abandoned or otherwise become invalid, so long as the failure to use or maintain such Intellectual Property does not materially adversely affect the validity of such replacement Intellectual Property and so long as such replacement Intellectual Property is subject to the Lien created by this Agreement, (C) that is substantially the same as any other Intellectual Property that is in full force, so long as the failure to use or maintain such Intellectual Property does not materially adversely affect the validity of such replacement Intellectual Property and so long as such other Intellectual Property is subject to the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement or (D) that is, in such Grantors reasonable business judgment, no longer used in or useful to the business of such Grantor. 

(iv)Except with respect to Permitted Dispositions, each Grantor will cause to be taken all necessary steps in any proceeding before the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office or any similar office or agency in any other country or political subdivision thereof to maintain each registration of the Intellectual Property (other than the Intellectual Property described in the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence), including, without limitation, filing of renewals, affidavits of use, affidavits of incontestability and opposition, interference and cancellation proceedings and payment of maintenance fees, filing fees, taxes or other governmental fees. 

16 

If any Intellectual Property constituting Collateral is infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated in any material respect by a third party, the Grantors shall (A) upon obtaining knowledge of such infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation, promptly notify the Collateral Agent and (B) to the extent the Grantors shall deem appropriate under the circumstances, promptly sue for infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation, seek injunctive relief where appropriate and recover any and all damages for such infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation, or take such other actions as the Grantors shall deem appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Intellectual Property. 

(v)Each Grantor shall furnish to the Collateral Agent statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Registered Intellectual Property and Licenses and such other reports in connection with the Intellectual Property and Licenses as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail and promptly upon request of the Collateral Agent, following receipt by the Collateral Agent of any such statements, schedules or reports, the Grantors shall modify this Agreement by amending Schedule II hereto to include any Intellectual Property and Licenses, as the case may be, which become part of the Collateral under this Agreement, and shall execute and authenticate such documents and do such acts as shall be necessary or, in the judgment of the Collateral Agent, desirable to subject such Intellectual Property and Licenses to the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement.

(vi)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Permitted Dispositions, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, no Grantor may abandon or otherwise permit any Intellectual Property to become invalid without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, and if any Intellectual Property is infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated in any material respect by a third party, the Grantors will take such action as the Collateral Agent shall deem appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Intellectual Property. 

(vii)In the event that any Grantor shall (A) obtain rights to any new Trademarks necessary for the operation of its business, or any reissue, renewal or extension of any existing Trademark necessary for the operation of its business, (B) obtain rights to or develop any new patentable inventions, or become entitled to the benefit of any Patent, or any reissue, division, continuation, renewal, extension or continuation-in-part of any existing Patent or any improvement thereof (whether pursuant to any license or otherwise), (C) obtain rights to or develop any new works protectable by Copyright, or become entitled to the benefit of any rights with respect to any Copyright or any registration or application therefor, or any renewal or extension of any existing Copyright or any registration or application therefor, or (D) obtain rights to or develop new Other Intellectual Property, the provisions of Section 2 hereof shall automatically apply thereto and, with respect to applications or registrations covered by clauses (A) through (C), such Grantor shall give to the Collateral Agent prompt notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Financing Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Financing Agreement each Grantor, either itself or through any agent, employee, licensee or designee, shall give the Collateral Agent written notice of each application submitted by it for the registration of any Trademark or Copyright or the issuance of any Patent with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, or in any similar office or agency of the United States or any country or any political subdivision thereof.

(viii)Each Grantor shall execute, authenticate and deliver any and all assignments, agreements, instruments, documents and papers as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request to evidence the Collateral Agent's security interest hereunder in such Intellectual Property and the General Intangibles of such Grantor relating thereto or represented thereby, and each Grantor hereby appoints the Collateral Agent its attorney-in-fact to execute and/or authenticate and file all such writings 

17 

for the foregoing purposes, all acts of such attorney being hereby ratified and confirmed, and such power (being coupled with an interest) shall be irrevocable until the Termination Date.

(g)Deposit, Commodities and Securities Accounts. In accordance with Article VIII of the Financing Agreement, each Grantor shall cause each bank and other financial institution with an account referred to in Schedule IV hereto to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (or its designee) a Control Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, duly executed by such Grantor and such bank or financial institution, or enter into other arrangements in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, pursuant to which such institution shall irrevocably agree (unless otherwise agreed to by the Collateral Agent), among other things, that (i) it will comply at any time with the instructions originated by the Collateral Agent (or its designee) to such bank or financial institution directing the disposition of cash, Commodity Contracts, securities, Investment Property and other items from time to time credited to such account, without further consent of such Grantor, which instructions the Collateral Agent (or its designee) will not give to such bank or other financial institution in the absence of a continuing Event of Default, (ii) all cash, Commodity Contracts, securities, Investment Property and other items of such Grantor deposited with such institution shall be subject to a perfected, first priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent (or its designee), and (iii) any right of set off, banker's Lien or other similar Lien, security interest or encumbrance shall be fully waived as against the Collateral Agent (or its designee). The provisions of this Section 6(g) shall not apply to any Excluded Accounts. 

(h)Titled Collateral.

(i)Each Grantor shall (a) cause all Collateral, now owned or hereafter acquired by any Grantor, which under applicable law are required to be registered, to be properly registered in the name of such Grantor, (b) cause all Titled Collateral, to be properly titled in the name of such Grantor, and if requested by the Collateral Agent, with the Collateral Agent's Lien noted thereon and (c) if requested by the Collateral Agent, promptly deliver to the Collateral Agent (or its custodian) originals of all such Certificates of Title or certificates of ownership for such Titled Collateral, with the Collateral Agent's Lien noted thereon.

(ii)Upon the acquisition after the date hereof by any Grantor of any Titled Collateral (other than Equipment to be acquired that is subject to a purchase money security interest that constitutes a Permitted Lien under the Financing Agreement), such Grantor shall immediately notify the Collateral Agent of such acquisition, set forth a description of such Titled Collateral acquired and a good faith estimate of the current value of such Titled Collateral, and if so requested by the Collateral Agent, immediately deliver to the Collateral Agent (or its custodian) originals of the Certificates of Title or certificates of ownership for such Titled Collateral, together with the manufacturer's statement of origin, and an application duly executed by the appropriate Grantor to evidence the Collateral Agent's Lien thereon.

(iii)Each Grantor hereby appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact, effective the date hereof and terminating upon the termination of this Agreement, for the purpose of (A) executing on behalf of such Grantor title or ownership applications for filing with appropriate Governmental Authority to enable Titled Collateral now owned or hereafter acquired by such Grantor to be amended to reflect the Collateral Agent listed as lienholder thereof, (B) filing such applications with such Governmental Authority, and (C) executing such other documents and instruments on behalf of, and taking such other action in the name of, such Grantor as the Collateral Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Section 6(h)) (including, without limitation, for the purpose 

18 

of creating in favor of the Collateral Agent a perfected Lien on such Titled Collateral and exercising the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent hereunder). This appointment as attorney-in-fact is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable until the Termination Date.

(iv)With respect to motor vehicles, any Certificates of Title or ownership delivered pursuant to the terms hereof shall be accompanied by odometer statements for each motor vehicle covered thereby.

(v)So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, upon the request of any Grantor, the Collateral Agent shall execute and deliver to such Grantor such instruments as such Grantor shall reasonably request to remove the notation of the Collateral Agent as lienholder on any Certificate of Title or certificate of ownership for any Titled Collateral; provided that any such instruments shall be delivered, and the release shall be effective, only upon receipt by the Collateral Agent of a certificate from such Grantor, stating that the Titled Collateral, the Lien on which is to be released, is to be sold in accordance with the terms of the Financing Agreement or has suffered a casualty loss (with title thereto passing to the casualty insurance company therefor in settlement of the claim for such loss), the amount that such Grantor will receive as sale proceeds or insurance proceeds and whether or not such sale proceeds or insurance proceeds are required by the Financing Agreement to be paid to the Collateral Agent to be applied to the Secured Obligations and, to the extent required by the Financing Agreement, any proceeds of such sale or casualty loss shall be paid to the Collateral Agent hereunder to be applied to the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Financing Agreement.

(i)Control. Each Grantor hereby agrees to take any or all action that may be necessary or desirable or that the Collateral Agent may request in order for the Collateral Agent to obtain control in accordance with Sections 9-104, 9-105, 9-106, and 9-107 of the Code with respect to the following Collateral: (i) Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts), (ii) Securities Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts); (iii) Electronic Chattel Paper, (iv) Investment Property and (v) Letter-of-Credit Rights. Each Grantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that any agent or designee of the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to be a "secured party" with respect to the Collateral under the control of such agent or designee for all purposes.

(j)Records; Inspection and Reporting. 

(i)Each Grantor shall keep adequate records concerning the Accounts, Chattel Paper and Pledged Interests. 

(ii)Except as otherwise expressly permitted by Section 6(b) hereof, no Grantor shall, without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Collateral Agent, amend, modify or otherwise change (A) its name, organizational identification number or FEIN (B) its jurisdiction of organization as set forth in Schedule I hereto or (C) its chief executive office as set forth in Schedule III hereto. Each Grantor shall immediately notify the Collateral Agent upon obtaining an organizational identification number, if on the date hereof, such Grantor did not have such identification number. 

(k)Partnership and Limited Liability Company Interests. 

(i)Except with respect to partnership interests and limited liability company interests evidenced by a certificate, which certificate has been pledged and delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 4 hereof (subject to clause (e) thereof), no Grantor that is a partnership or a limited liability company shall, nor shall any Grantor with any Subsidiary that is a partnership or a limited 

19 

liability company, permit such Subsidiary's partnership interests or membership interests to (A) be dealt in or traded on securities exchanges or in securities markets, (B) become a security for purposes of Article 8 of any relevant Uniform Commercial Code, (C) become an investment company security within the meaning of Section 8-103 of any relevant Uniform Commercial Code or (D) be evidenced by a certificate. Each Grantor agrees that such partnership interests or membership interests shall constitute General Intangibles.

(ii)Each Grantor covenants and agrees to, and agrees to cause each Subsidiary of such Grantor that is a Pledged Issuer to, execute and deliver an Acknowledgement of Pledged Interests, substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto at the time that such Subsidiary becomes a Pledged Issuer. 

(iii)Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent or its designee shall have the right (but not the obligation) to be substituted for the applicable Grantor as a member, manager or partner under the applicable limited liability agreement, operating agreement, membership agreement, partnership agreement or similar agreement to which a Grantor is a party and relating to any Pledged Interests (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, each a "Pledged Partnership/LLC Agreement"), and the Collateral Agent or its designee shall have all rights, powers and benefits of such Grantor as a member, manager or partner, as applicable, under such Pledged Partnership/LLC Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Section 6(k). For avoidance of doubt, such rights, powers and benefits of a substituted member, manager or partner shall include all voting and other rights and not merely the rights of an economic interest holder. 

(iv)During the period from the Effective Date until the Termination Date, no further consent, approval or action by any other party, including, without limitation, any other party to the applicable Pledged Partnership/LLC Agreement or otherwise shall be necessary to permit the Collateral Agent or its designee to be substituted as a member, manager or partner pursuant to this Section 6(k) The rights, powers and benefits granted pursuant to this paragraph shall inure to the benefit of the Collateral Agent, on its own behalf and on behalf of each other Secured Party, and each of their respective successors, assigns and designees, as intended third party beneficiaries.

(v)Each Grantor and each applicable Pledged Issuer agrees that during the period from the Effective Date until the Termination Date, no Pledged Partnership/LLC Agreement shall be amended to be inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 6(k)without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent.

SECTION 7.Voting Rights, Dividends, Etc. in Respect of the Pledged Interests.

(a)So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:

(i)each Grantor may exercise any and all voting and other consensual rights pertaining to any Pledged Interests for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, the Financing Agreement or the other Loan Documents; provided, however, that (A) no Grantor will exercise or refrain from exercising any such right, as the case may be, if the Collateral Agent gives such Grantor notice that, in the Collateral Agent's judgment, such action (or inaction) could reasonably be expected to violate the terms of any Loan Document or have a Material Adverse Effect and (B) each Grantor will give the Collateral Agent at least five (5) Business Days' notice of the manner in which it intends to exercise, or the reasons for refraining from exercising, any such right which could reasonably be expected to 

20 

adversely affect the value, liquidity or marketability of any Collateral or the creation, perfection and priority of the Collateral Agent's Lien thereon; and

(ii)each Grantor may receive and retain any and all dividends, interest or other distributions paid in respect of the Pledged Interests to the extent permitted by the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that any and all (A) dividends and interest paid or payable other than in cash in respect of, and Instruments and other property received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for, any Pledged Interests, (B) dividends and other distributions paid or payable in cash in respect of any Pledged Interests in connection with a partial or total liquidation or dissolution or in connection with a reduction of capital, capital surplus or paid-in surplus, and (C) cash paid, payable or otherwise distributed in redemption of, or in exchange for, any Pledged Interests, together with any dividend, interest or other distribution or payment which at the time of such payment was not permitted by the Financing Agreement, shall be, and shall forthwith be delivered to the Collateral Agent, to hold as, Pledged Interests and shall, if received by any of the Grantors, be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, shall be segregated from the other property or funds of the Grantors, and shall be forthwith delivered to the Collateral Agent in the exact form received with any necessary indorsement and/or appropriate instruments of transfer or assignment or undated stock powers duly executed in blank, to be held by the Collateral Agent as Pledged Interests and as further collateral security for the Secured Obligations. 

(b)Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i)all rights of each Grantor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 7(a)(i) hereof (at the election of the Collateral Agent), and to receive the dividends, distributions, interest and other payments that it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain pursuant to Section 7(a)(ii) hereof, shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Collateral Agent, which shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights and to receive and hold as Pledged Interests such dividends, distributions and interest payments, and the Collateral Agent (personally or through an agent) shall thereupon be solely authorized and empowered to transfer and register in the Collateral Agent's name, or in the name of the Collateral Agent's nominee, the whole or any part of the Pledged Interests, it being acknowledged by each Grantor that such transfer and registration may be effected by the Collateral Agent by the delivery of a Registration Page to the Grantor or to the Pledged Issuer, as applicable, reflecting the Collateral Agent or its designee as the holder of such Pledged Interests, or otherwise by the Collateral Agent through its irrevocable appointment as attorney-in-fact pursuant to Section 8 hereof;

(ii)the Collateral Agent is authorized to notify each debtor with respect to the Pledged Debt to make payment directly to the Collateral Agent (or its designee) and may collect any and all moneys due or to become due to any Grantor in respect of the Pledged Debt, and each of the Grantors hereby authorizes each such debtor to make such payment directly to the Collateral Agent (or its designee) without any duty of inquiry;

(iii)without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral Agent may, at its option, exercise any and all rights of conversion, exchange, subscription or any other rights, privileges or options pertaining to any of the Pledged Interests as if it were the absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, the right to exchange, in its discretion, any and all of the Pledged Interests upon the merger, consolidation, division, reorganization, recapitalization or other adjustment of any Pledged Issuer, or upon the exercise by any Pledged Issuer of any right, privilege or option pertaining to any Pledged Interests, and, in connection therewith, to deposit and deliver any and all of the Pledged 

21 

Interests with any committee, depository, transfer agent, registrar or other designated agent upon such terms and conditions as it may determine; and

(iv)all dividends, distributions, interest and other payments that are received by any of the Grantors contrary to the provisions of Section 7(a)(i) hereof shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, shall be segregated from other funds of the Grantors, and shall be forthwith paid over to the Collateral Agent as Pledged Interests in the exact form received with any necessary indorsement and/or appropriate instruments of transfer or assignment or undated Equity Interest powers duly executed in blank, to be held by the Collateral Agent as Pledged Interests and as further collateral security for the Secured Obligations.

SECTION 8.Additional Provisions Concerning the Collateral.

(a)To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and for the purpose of taking any action that the Collateral Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, each Grantor hereby (i) authorizes the Collateral Agent to execute any such agreements, instruments or other documents in such Grantor's name and to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in such Grantor's name and in any appropriate filing office, (ii) authorizes the Collateral Agent at any time and from time to time to file, one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relating to the Collateral (including, without limitation, any such financing statements that (A) describe the Collateral as "all assets" or "all personal property" (or words of similar effect) or that describe or identify the Collateral by type or in any other manner as the Collateral Agent may determine, regardless of whether any particular asset of such Grantor falls within the scope of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code or whether any particular asset of such Grantor constitutes part of the Collateral, and (B) contain any other information required by Part 5 of Article 9 of the Code for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any financing statement, continuation statement or amendment, including, without limitation, whether such Grantor is an organization, the type of organization and any organizational identification number issued to such Grantor) and (iii) ratifies such authorization to the extent that the Collateral Agent has filed any such financing statements, continuation statements, or amendments thereto, prior to the date hereof. A photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement or any financing statement covering the Collateral or any part thereof shall be sufficient as a financing statement where permitted by law.

(b)Each Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full authority in the place and stead of such Grantor and in the name of such Grantor or otherwise, from time to time in the Collateral Agent's discretion, to, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, take any action and to execute any instrument that the Collateral Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement (subject to the rights of a Grantor under Section 6 hereof and Section 7(a) hereof), including, without limitation, (i) to obtain and adjust insurance required to be paid to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Financing Agreement, (ii) to ask, demand, collect, sue for, recover, compound, receive and give acquittance and receipts for moneys due and to become due under or in respect of any Collateral, (iii) to receive, endorse, and collect any drafts or other Instruments, Documents and Chattel Paper in connection with clause (i) or (ii) above, (iv) to receive, indorse and collect all Instruments made payable to such Grantor representing any dividend, interest payment or other distribution in respect of any Pledged Interests and to give full discharge for the same, (v) to file any claims or take any action or institute any proceedings which the Collateral Agent may deem necessary or desirable for the collection of any Collateral or otherwise to enforce the rights of each Secured Party with respect to any Collateral, (vi) to execute assignments, licenses and other documents to enforce the rights of each Secured Party with respect to any Collateral, 

22 

(vii) to pay or discharge taxes or Liens levied or placed upon or threatened against the Collateral, the legality or validity thereof and the amounts necessary to discharge the same to be determined by the Collateral Agent (in its sole discretion), and such payments made by the Collateral Agent shall constitute additional Secured Obligations of such Grantor to the Collateral Agent, be due and payable immediately without demand, and shall bear interest from the date payment of said amounts is demanded at the Post-Default Rate, and (viii) to sign and endorse any invoices, freight or express bills, bills of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with Accounts, Chattel Paper and other documents relating to the Collateral. This power is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable until the Termination Date. 

(c)For the purpose of enabling the Collateral Agent to exercise rights and remedies hereunder, at such time as the Collateral Agent shall be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, and for no other purpose, each Grantor hereby (i) grants to the Collateral Agent an irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to any Grantor) to use, assign, license or sublicense any Intellectual Property now or hereafter owned by any Grantor, wherever the same may be located, including in such license reasonable access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer programs used for the compilation or printout thereof; and (ii) assigns to the Collateral Agent, to the extent assignable, all of its rights to any Intellectual Property now or hereafter licensed or used by any Grantor. Each Grantor hereby releases the Collateral Agent from, and indemnifies the Collateral Agent against, any claims, causes of action and demands at any time arising out of or with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by the Collateral Agent under the powers of attorney, proxy or license, granted herein other than actions taken or omitted to be taken through the Collateral Agent's gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final determination of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(d)If any Grantor fails to perform any agreement or obligation contained herein, the Collateral Agent may itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement or obligation, in the name of such Grantor or the Collateral Agent, and the fees and expenses of the Collateral Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be jointly and severally payable by the Grantors pursuant to Section 10 hereof constitute additional Secured Obligations of the Grantor to the Collateral Agent, be due and payable immediately without demand and bear interest from the date payment of said amounts is demanded at the Post-Default Rate.

(e)The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent hereunder are solely to protect its interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. Other than the exercise of reasonable care to assure the safe custody of any Collateral in its possession and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder as required under Section 9-207 of the Code, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty as to any Collateral or as to the taking of any necessary steps to preserve rights against other parties or any other rights pertaining to any Collateral and shall be relieved of all responsibility for any Collateral in its possession upon surrendering it or tendering surrender of it to any of the Grantors (or whomsoever shall be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct). The Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of any Collateral in its possession if such Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equivalent to that which the Collateral Agent accords its own property, it being understood that the Collateral Agent shall not have responsibility for ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relating to any Collateral, whether or not the Collateral Agent has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage to any of the Collateral, or for 

23 

any diminution in the value thereof, by reason of the act or omission of any warehouseman, carrier, forwarding agency, consignee or other agent or bailee selected by the Collateral Agent in good faith. 

(f)Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding (i) each Grantor shall remain liable under the Licenses and otherwise in respect of the Collateral to the extent set forth therein to perform all of its obligations thereunder to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, (ii) the exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of its rights hereunder shall not release any Grantor from any of its obligations under the Licenses or otherwise in respect of the Collateral, and (iii) the Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation or liability by reason of this Agreement under the Licenses or otherwise in respect of the Collateral, nor shall the Collateral Agent be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of any Grantor thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder.

(g)The Collateral Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder by or through any one or more subagents appointed by the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of Article X of the Financing Agreement shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Collateral Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Collateral Agent.

(h)The Collateral Agent may at any time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, in its discretion (i) without notice to any Grantor, transfer or register in the name of the Collateral Agent or any of its nominees any or all of the Pledged Interests, subject only to the revocable rights of such Grantor under Section 7(a) hereof, and (ii) exchange certificates or Instruments constituting Pledged Interests for certificates or Instruments of smaller or larger denominations.

SECTION 9.Remedies Upon Default. If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:

(a)The Collateral Agent may exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition to any other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, all of the rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under the Code (whether or not the Code applies to the affected Collateral), and also may (i) take absolute control of the Collateral, including, without limitation, transfer into the Collateral Agent's name or into the name of its nominee or nominees (to the extent the Collateral Agent has not theretofore done so) and thereafter receive, for the benefit of each Secured Party, all payments made thereon, give all consents, waivers and ratifications in respect thereof and otherwise act with respect thereto as though it were the outright owner thereof, (ii) require each Grantor to, and each Grantor hereby agrees that it will at its expense and upon request of the Collateral Agent forthwith, assemble all or part of the Collateral as directed by the Collateral Agent and make it available to the Collateral Agent at a place or places to be designated by the Collateral Agent that is reasonably convenient to both parties, and the Collateral Agent may enter into and occupy any premises owned or leased by any Grantor where the Collateral or any part thereof is located or assembled for a reasonable period in order to effectuate the Collateral Agent's rights and remedies hereunder or under law, without obligation to any Grantor in respect of such occupation, and (iii) without notice except as specified below and without any obligation to prepare or process the Collateral for sale, (A) sell the Collateralor any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Collateral Agent's offices, at any exchange or broker's board or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and at such price or 

24 

prices and upon such other terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially reasonable and/or (B) lease, license or otherwise dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof upon such terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially reasonable. Each Grantor agrees that, to the extent notice of sale or any other disposition of the Collateral shall be required by law, at least five (5) days' prior notice to the applicable Grantor of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale or other disposition of the Collateral is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. If the Collateral Agent sells any of the Collateral upon credit, the Grantors will be credited only with payments actually received by the Collateral Agent from the purchaser thereof, and if such purchaser fails to pay for the Collateral, the Collateral Agent may resell the Collateral and the Grantors shall be credited with proceeds of the sale. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale or other disposition of Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned. Each Grantor hereby waives any claims against each Secured Party arising by reason of the fact that the price at which the Collateral may have been sold at a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale or was less than the aggregate amount of the Secured Obligations, even if the Collateral Agent accepts the first offer received and does not offer the Collateral to more than one offeree, and waives all rights that such Grantor may have to require that all or any part of the Collateral be marshaled upon any sale (public or private) thereof. Each Grantor hereby acknowledges that (A) any such sale of the Collateral by the Collateral Agent shall be made without warranty, (B) the Collateral Agent may specifically disclaim any warranties of title, possession, quiet enjoyment or the like, (C) the Collateral Agent may bid (which bid may be, in whole or in part, in the form of cancellation of indebtedness), if permitted by law, for the purchase, lease, license or other disposition of the Collateral or any portion thereof for the account of the Collateral Agent (on behalf of itself and each Secured Party) and (D) such actions set forth in clauses (A), (B) and (C) above shall not adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of any such sale of the Collateral. In addition to the foregoing, (1) upon written notice to any Grantor from the Collateral Agent, each Grantor shall cease any use of the Intellectual Property or any trademark, patent or copyright similar thereto for any purpose described in such notice; (2) the Collateral Agent may, at any time and from time to time, upon five (5) days' prior notice to any Grantor, license, whether general, special or otherwise, and whether on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis, any of the Intellectual Property, throughout the universe for such term or terms, on such conditions, and in such manner, as the Collateral Agent shall in its sole discretion determine; and (3) the Collateral Agent may, at any time, execute and deliver on behalf of a Grantor, one or more instruments of assignment of the Intellectual Property (or any application or registration thereof), in form suitable for filing, recording or registration in any country.

(b)In the event that the Collateral Agent determines to exercise its right to sell all or any part of the Pledged Interests pursuant to Section 9(a) hereof, each Grantor will, at such Grantor's expense and upon request by the Collateral Agent: (i) execute and deliver, and cause each issuer of such Pledged Interests and the directors and officers thereof to execute and deliver, all such instruments and documents, and do or cause to be done all such other acts and things, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, advisable to register such Pledged Interests under the provisions of the Securities Act, and to cause the registration statement relating thereto to become effective and to remain effective for such period as prospectuses are required by law to be furnished, and to make all amendments and supplements thereto and to the related prospectus which, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, are necessary or advisable, all in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto, (ii) cause each issuer of such Pledged Interests to qualify such Pledged Interests under the state securities or "Blue Sky" laws of each jurisdiction, and to obtain all necessary governmental approvals for the sale of the Pledged Interests, as 

25 

requested by the Collateral Agent, (iii) cause each Pledged Issuer to make available to its security holders, as soon as practicable, an earnings statement which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act, and (iv) do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as may be necessary to make such sale of such Pledged Interests valid and binding and in compliance with applicable law. Each Grantor acknowledges the impossibility of ascertaining the amount of damages which would be suffered by the Collateral Agent by reason of the failure by any Grantor to perform any of the covenants contained in this Section 9(b) and, consequently, agrees that, if any Grantor fails to perform any of such covenants, it shall pay, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, an amount equal to the value of the Pledged Interests on the date the Collateral Agent demands compliance with this Section 9(b) provided, however, that the payment of such amount shall not release any Grantor from any of its obligations under any of the other Loan Documents.

(c)Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9(b) hereof, each Grantor recognizes that the Collateral Agent may deem it impracticable to effect a public sale of all or any part of the Pledged Shares or any other securities constituting Pledged Interests and that the Collateral Agent may, therefore, determine to make one or more private sales of any such securities to a restricted group of purchasers who will be obligated to agree, among other things, to acquire such securities for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Grantor acknowledges that any such private sale may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the seller than the prices and other terms which might have been obtained at a public sale and, notwithstanding the foregoing, agrees that such private sales shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and that the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to delay the sale of any such securities for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer of such securities to register such securities for public sale under the Securities Act. Each Grantor further acknowledges and agrees that any offer to sell such securities which has been (i) publicly advertised on a bona fide basis in a newspaper or other publication of general circulation in the financial community of New York, New York (to the extent that such an offer may be so advertised without prior registration under the Securities Act) or (ii) made privately in the manner described above to not less than fifteen bonafide offerees shall be deemed to involve a "public disposition" for the purposes of Section 9-610(c) of the Code (or any successor or similar, applicable statutory provision) as then in effect in the State of New York, notwithstanding that such sale may not constitute a "public offering" under the Securities Act, and that the Collateral Agent may, in such event, bid for the purchase of such securities.

(d)Any cash held by the Collateral Agent (or its agent or designee) as Collateral and all Cash Proceeds received by the Collateral Agent (or its agent or designee) in respect of any sale of or collection from, or other realization upon, all or any part of the Collateral, the Collateral Agent may, in the discretion of the Collateral Agent, be held by the Collateral Agent (or its agent or designee) as collateral for, and/or then or at any time thereafter applied (after payment of any amounts payable to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 10 hereof) in whole or in part by the Collateral Agent against, all or any part of the Secured Obligations in such order as the Collateral Agent shall elect, consistent with the provisions of the Financing Agreement. Any surplus of such cash or Cash Proceeds held by the Collateral Agent (or its agent or designee) and remaining after the Termination Date shall be paid over to whomsoever shall be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct.

(e)In the event that the proceeds of any such sale, collection or realization are insufficient to pay all amounts to which each Secured Party is legally entitled, the Grantors shall be jointly and severally liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon at the highest rate specified in any applicable Loan Document for interest on overdue principal thereof or such other rate as shall be 

26 

fixed by applicable law, together with the costs of collection and the reasonable fees, costs, expenses and other client charges of any attorneys employed by the Collateral Agent to collect such deficiency.

(f)Each Grantor hereby acknowledges that if the Collateral Agent complies with any applicable requirements of law in connection with a disposition of the Collateral, such compliance will not adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale or other disposition of the Collateral.

(g)The Collateral Agent shall not be required to marshal any present or future collateral security (including, but not limited to, this Agreement and the Collateral) for, or other assurances of payment of, the Secured Obligations or any of them or to resort to such collateral security or other assurances of payment in any particular order, and all of the Collateral Agent's rights hereunder and in respect of such collateral security and other assurances of payment shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights, however existing or arising. To the extent that any Grantor lawfully may, such Grantor hereby agrees that it will not invoke any law relating to the marshalling of collateral which might cause delay in or impede the enforcement of the Collateral Agent's rights under this Agreement or under any other instrument creating or evidencing any of the Secured Obligations or under which any of the Secured Obligations is outstanding or by which any of the Secured Obligations is secured or payment thereof is otherwise assured, and, to the extent that it lawfully may, each Grantor hereby irrevocably waives the benefits of all such laws.

SECTION 10.Indemnity and Expenses.

(a)Each Grantor jointly and severally agrees to defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Collateral Agent and each other Indemnitee in accordance with Section 12.15 of the Financing Agreement. 

(b)Each Grantor jointly and severally agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent costs and expenses in accordance with Section 12.04 of the Financing Agreement. 

SECTION 11.Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be given in accordance with the notice provision of the Financing Agreement. 

SECTION 12.Security Interest Absolute; Joint and Several Obligations. 

(a)All rights of the Secured Parties, all Liens and all obligations of each of the Grantors hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term in respect of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document, (iii) any exchange or release of, or non-perfection of any Lien on any Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any guaranty, for all or any of the Secured Obligations, or (iv) any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any of the Grantors in respect of the Secured Obligations. All authorizations and agencies contained herein with respect to any of the Collateral are irrevocable and powers coupled with an interest.

(b)Each Grantor hereby waives (i) promptness and diligence, (ii) notice of acceptance and notice of the incurrence of any Secured Obligation by any Borrower, (iii) notice of any actions taken by the Collateral Agent, any Lender, any Guarantor or any other Person under any Loan 

27 

Document or any other agreement, document or instrument relating thereto, (iv) all other notices, demands and protests, and all other formalities of every kind in connection with the enforcement of the Secured Obligations, the omission of or delay in which, but for the provisions of this subsection (b), might constitute grounds for relieving such Grantor of any such Grantor's obligations hereunder and (v) any requirement that the Collateral Agent or any Lender protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or other lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against any Grantor or any other Person or any collateral.

(c)All of the obligations of the Grantors hereunder are joint and several. The Collateral Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, enforce the provisions hereof against any of the Grantors and shall not be required to proceed against all Grantors jointly or seek payment from the Grantors ratably. In addition, the Collateral Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, select the Collateral of any one or more of the Grantors for sale or application to the Secured Obligations, without regard to the ownership of such Collateral, and shall not be required to make such selection ratably from the Collateral owned by all of the Grantors. The release or discharge of any Grantor by the Collateral Agent shall not release or discharge any other Grantor from the obligations of such Person hereunder. 

SECTION 13.Miscellaneous.

(a)No amendment of any provision of this Agreement (including any Schedule attached hereto) shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by each Grantor affected thereby and the Collateral Agent, and no waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and no consent to any departure by any Grantor therefrom, shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

(b)No failure on the part of the Secured Parties to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies of the Secured Parties provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law. The rights of the Secured Parties under any Loan Document against any party thereto are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by such Person to exercise any of its rights under any other Loan Document against such party or against any other Person, including but not limited to, any Grantor.

(c)This Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and effect, subject to paragraph (e) below, until the Termination Date and (ii) be binding on each Grantor all other Persons who become bound as debtor to this Agreement in accordance with Section 9-203(d) of the Code, and shall inure, together with all rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder, to the benefit of the Secured Parties and their respective successors, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence, each Secured Party may assign or otherwise transfer its respective rights and obligations under this Agreement and any other Loan Document to any other Person pursuant to the terms of the Financing Agreement, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all of the benefits in respect thereof granted to the Secured Parties herein or otherwise. Upon any such assignment or transfer, all references in this Agreement to any Secured Party shall mean the assignee of any such Secured Party. None of the rights or obligations of any Grantor hereunder may be assigned or otherwise 

28 

transferred without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, and any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void.

(d)After the occurrence of the Termination Date, (i) subject to paragraph (e) below, this Agreement and the security interests and licenses created hereby shall terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Grantors, (ii) the Collateral Agent agrees to file UCC amendments on or promptly after the Termination Date to evidence the termination of the Liens so released and (iii) the Collateral Agent will, upon the Grantors' request and at the Grantors' cost and expense, (A) promptly return to the Grantors (or whomsoever shall be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct) such of the Collateral as shall not have been sold or otherwise disposed of or applied pursuant to the terms hereof, and (B) promptly execute and deliver to the Grantors such documents and make such other filings as the Grantors shall reasonably request to evidence such termination, without representation, warranty or recourse of any kind. In addition, upon any sale or disposition of any item of Collateral in a transaction expressly permitted under the Financing Agreement, the Collateral Agent agrees to execute a release of its security interest in such item of Collateral, and the Collateral Agent shall, upon the reasonable request of the Grantors and at the Grantors' cost and expense, execute and deliver to the Grantors such documents as the Grantors shall reasonably request to evidence such release, without representation, warranty or recourse of any kind.

(e)This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against any Grantor for liquidation or reorganization, should any Grantor become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of any creditor or creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of any Grantor's assets, and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment or performance of the Secured Obligations, or any part thereof, is, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee of the Secured Obligations, whether as a "voidable preference," "fraudulent conveyance", or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Secured Obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

(f)Upon the execution and delivery, or authentication, by any Person of a security agreement supplement in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (each a "Security Agreement Supplement"), (i) such Person shall be referred to as an "Additional Grantor" and shall be and become a Grantor, and each reference in this Agreement to "Grantor" shall also mean and be a reference to such Additional Grantor, and each reference in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to "Collateral" shall also mean and be a reference to the Collateral of such Additional Grantor, and (ii) the supplemental Schedules I-VIII attached to each Security Agreement Supplement shall be incorporated into and become a part of and supplement Schedules I-VIII, respectively, hereto, and the Collateral Agent may attach such Schedules as supplements to such Schedules, and each reference to such Schedules shall mean and be a reference to such Schedules, as supplemented pursuant hereto.

29 

(g)THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, EXCEPT (I) AS REQUIRED BY MANDATORY PROVISIONS OF LAW AND (II) TO THE EXTENT THAT THE VALIDITY AND PERFECTION OR THE PERFECTION AND THE EFFECT OF PERFECTION OR NON-PERFECTION OF THE SECURITY INTEREST CREATED HEREBY, OR REMEDIES HEREUNDER, IN RESPECT OF ANY PARTICULAR COLLATERAL ARE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(h)In addition to and without limitation of any of the foregoing, this Agreement shall be deemed to be a Loan Document and shall otherwise be subject to all of terms and conditions contained in Sections 12.10, 12.11 and 12.15(c) of the Financing Agreement, mutatis mutandis.

(i)Each Grantor and the Collateral Agent irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages.

(j)Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(k)Section headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose.

(l)This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic mail shall be equally effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart. 

(m)For purposes of this Agreement, all references to Schedules I-VIII attached hereto shall be deemed to refer to each such Schedule as updated from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

[Remainder Of This Page Intentionally Left Blank]

30 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Grantor has caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.

GRANTORS:

COMSCORE, INC.

By: /s/ Mary Margaret Curry

Name: Mary Margaret Curry

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

PROXIMIC, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary

M.LABS, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

LNKMTR, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

FULL CIRCLE STUDIES, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

MARKETSCORE, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

TMRG, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

VOICEFIVE, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

[Signature Page Blue Torch Pledge and Security Agreement]

CREATIVE KNOWLEDGE, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

CSWS, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

COMSCORE EUROPE, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

HOLLYWOOD SOFTWARE, INC.

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary 

COMSCORE BRAND AWARENESS, L.L.C.

By: comScore, Inc., its sole member 

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: Secretary

RENTRAK, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: Secretary

SS MEDIA HOLDCO, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: Secretary 

SHAREABLEE, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: Secretary 

[Signature Page Blue Torch Pledge and Security Agreement]

SCORRESEARCH, LLC

By: /s/ Ashley Wright

Name: Ashley Wright

Title: President and Secretary

[Signature Page Blue Torch Pledge and Security Agreement]

Exhibit 10.3

Acknowledged and Agreed:

COLLATERAL AGENT:

BLUE TORCH FINANCE LLC

By: /s/ Kevin Genda 

Name: Kevin Genda

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page Blue Torch Pledge and Security Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>scor-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>scor-20241231_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>scor-20241231_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Page

Dec. 31, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Entity Registrant Name COMSCORE, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-33520

Entity Tax Identification Number 54-1955550

Entity Address, Address Line One 11950 Democracy Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 600

Entity Address, City or Town Reston

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20190

City Area Code 703

Local Phone Number 4382000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol SCOR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001158172

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.comscore.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

scor-20241231.htm 
scor-20241231.xsd 
scor-20241231_lab.xml 
scor-20241231_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001158172-25-000004-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>scor-20241231_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001158172 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

0001158172 
false 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
COMSCORE, INC. 
DE 
001-33520 
54-1955550 
11950 Democracy Drive 
Suite 600 
Reston 
VA 
20190 
703 
4382000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
SCOR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>