<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-004063.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-004063.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110070051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-004063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Spero Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001701108
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38266
		FILM NUMBER:		25520344

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		857-242-1600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Spero Therapeutics, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170316
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d820907d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per sharefalse000170110800017011082025-01-072025-01-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 7, 2025

SPERO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38266 46-4590683

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

675 Massachusetts Avenue, 14th Floor

Cambridge, Massachusetts 02140

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (857)242-1600

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value SPRO The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

On January 10, 2025, Spero Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) issued a press release providing a corporate update, along with an updated investor presentation (each described below). In its press release, the Company disclosed that it had estimated cash and cash equivalents of approximately $52.9 million (unaudited) as of December 31, 2024. The Company estimates that its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with earned and non-contingent development milestone payments from GSK, as well as other non-dilutive funding commitments, will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditures into mid-2026.

The estimated cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024 are preliminary and may change, and are based on information available to management as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K (Report) and are subject to completion by management of the financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024. There can be no assurance that the Companys cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024 will not differ from these estimates and any such changes could be material. The preliminary financial data included in this Report has been prepared by and is the responsibility of the Companys management. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm has not audited, reviewed, compiled, or applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the preliminary financial data. Accordingly, the Companys independent registered public accounting firm does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. Complete quarterly results will be included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. 

The information in this Item 2.02 is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information disclosed below in Item 8.01 under the caption Interim Leadership Changes is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosures. 

On January 10, 2025, the Company updated its investor presentation (the Investor Presentation), which management intends to use from time to time in general corporate communications, investor communications and conferences. A copy of the Investor Presentation is attached and furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is also available on the Investor Relations portion of the Companys website. The Investor Presentation is current as of January 10, 2025, and the Company disclaims any obligation to update the Investor Presentation after such date. Also on January 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release providing a corporate update, which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Report. 

The information in this Item 7.01 and Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

SEC Investigation 

On January 9, 2025, the Company responded to a Wells Notice from the staff of the Boston Regional Office (Staff) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) regarding its preliminary determination to recommend a civil enforcement action or administrative proceeding against the Company, its former Chief Executive Officer and current Chairman of the Board of Directors, Ankit Mahadevia, M.D. (Dr. Mahadevia), and its former Chief Financial Officer and current President and Chief Executive Officer, Satyavrat Sath Shukla (Mr. Shukla), relating to certain public disclosures by the Company from March 31, 2022 leading up to the Companys announcement on May 3, 2022 that it had determined to cease commercialization of tebipenem HBr based on feedback from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and whether the Companys disclosures may have violated the federal securities laws (the Investigation). 

Specifically, the contemplated civil enforcement action, if approved by the Commissioners, could include allegations that the Company violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Sections 10(b) and 13(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5,12b-20, and 13a-1 thereunder; and could allege against Dr. Mahadevia and Mr. Shukla violations of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5 and 13a-14 thereunder. 

2 

The Company, Dr. Mahadevia and Mr. Shukla are cooperating with the SEC, and they maintain that the Companys disclosures were appropriate. The Companys Board of Directors (the Board) believes that the Company, Dr. Mahadevia and Mr. Shukla acted in good faith and consistent with their duties and obligations. The Company, Dr. Mahadevia and Mr. Shukla intend to pursue the Wells Notice process and vigorously defend against this matter, including by submitting a formal response to the SEC explaining their views and engaging in further dialogue with the Staff. 

Wells Notice 

A Wells Notice is neither a formal charge of wrongdoing nor a final determination that the recipient has violated any law, but is a preliminary determination by the Staff to recommend to the Commissioners that a civil enforcement action or administrative proceeding be brought against the recipients. It provides the recipients the opportunity to address in a non-public forum the issues raised by the Staff before a recommendation is made to the SEC regarding an enforcement action. If the SEC were to authorize an action against the Company and/or any of the identified individuals, it may seek an injunction or cease-and-desist order against future violations of provisions of the federal securities laws, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, disgorgement or other equitable relief within the SECs authority, or any combination of the foregoing. The SEC could also seek an order barring each identified individual from serving as an officer or director of a public company for a specified period of time. 

The results of the Investigation and the Wells Notice process and any corresponding enforcement action against the Company and/or any of the identified individuals, and the costs, timing and other potential consequences of responding and complying therewith are unknown at this time. 

Interim Leadership Changes 

Pending the resolution of the Investigation, on January 7, 2025, the independent directors of the Board approved the following actions as a matter of corporate governance best practices and to enable the Company to maintain focus on pursuing its business objectives: 

The Board has appointed director Frank Thomas to serve as the Chairman of the Board, stepping in for Dr. Mahadevia, who continues to serve as a member of the Board for the duration of his directorship term. 

Mr. Shukla has agreed to a paid administrative leave from his role as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer, pending resolution of the Investigation. During such leave, Mr. Shukla will remain an employee of the Company, and will continue to serve as a member of the Board for the duration of his directorship term. For more information, see the Interim Period Agreement, dated January 10, 2025, between the Company and Mr. Shukla, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto. 

The Board has appointed Esther Rajavelu, the Companys current Chief Financial Officer, Chief Business Officer and Treasurer, to serve as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer during the term of Mr. Shuklas administrative leave. For more information, see the Interim Period Agreement, dated January 10, 2025, between the Company and Esther Rajavelu (Ms. Rajavelu), which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto. 

Biographical information for Ms. Rajavelu can be found under the caption Management and Corporate Governance Matters Executive Officers in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The terms of Ms. Rajavelus existing employment arrangement with the Company will be amended to provide that she will receive additional cash compensation of $20,000 per month while she serves as the Interim President and Chief Executive Officer. 

There are no arrangements or understandings between Ms. Rajavelu and any other person related to her appointment as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer. There is no family relationship between Ms. Rajavelu and any director, executive officer or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer of the Company. The Company has not entered into any transactions with Ms. Rajavelu that would require disclosure pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 

3 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1+ Interim Period Agreement, dated January 10, 2025, between the Company and Mr. Shukla. 

10.2+ Interim Period Agreement, dated January 10, 2025, between the Company and Ms. Rajavelu. 

99.1 Investor Presentation of Spero Therapeutics, Inc., dated January 10, 2025. 

99.2 Press Release of Spero Therapeutics, Inc., dated January 10, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

+ 

Management contract or compensatory plan. 

4 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: January 10, 2025 SPERO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Esther Rajavelu

Esther Rajavelu

Interim President and Chief Executive Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d820907dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

675 Massachusetts Avenue, 14th Floor 

Cambridge, MA 02139 

January 10, 2025 

Satayavrat Shukla 

Re: 

Interim Period Agreement 

Dear Sath: 

This letter confirms that you and Spero
Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Company) have agreed that you will be placed on an administrative leave, commencing January 10, 2025. The Company and its Board of Directors (the Board) believes that you acted
at all times in good faith and consistent with your obligations. The Company has taken this action solely to minimize any potential distractions pending the resolution of the Wells process. We appreciate your cooperation in connection with this
administrative leave. 

During your administrative leave you will not hold the positions of President and Chief Executive Officer or principal executive
officer of the Company. The Board has appointed Esther Rajavelu to assume those responsibilities during your leave. As such, during your administrative leave, you will have no management or operational role at the Company. The Company appreciates
your cooperation to remain available as a resource if specifically called upon by Ms. Rajavelu or the Board, but otherwise expects that all business will be directed on behalf of the Company by Ms. Rajavelu during your administrative
leave, and you will not be a participant in Company operations during your leave (i.e., you may not take any action or engage in any conduct on behalf of the Company or as an agent of the Company, including, but not limited to, communicating in
written or oral form with employees, consultants, clinical researchers, shareholders, vendors, or other business partners of the Company, without the prior written authorization of Ms. Rajavelu and/or the Board). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
you will remain available to the Board and to Ms. Rajavelu at their request, including to respond to questions and to assist with transitioning your duties and responsibilities while you remain on leave. In addition, you will continue to serve
as a member of the Board subject to the current terms of your directorship and may continue to provide your normal board service during your administrative leave. 

During your administrative leave, you will continue to be entitled to all rights and benefits as a full-time employee under the Amended and Restated Executive
Employment Agreement between you and the Company dated August 1, 2023 including, without limitation. receiving your full current base salary and continue to participate in the employee benefits plans sponsored by the Company in which you and
your eligible dependents participate. In addition, you will be treated 

as being continuously employed for purposes of the equity awards issued to you under the Companys 2017 and 2019 Stock Incentive Plans, including without limitation with respect to vesting,
and you remain in good standing for purposes of the Retention Bonus as defined in and payable to you under the Retention Bonus Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2024, by and between you and the Company, subject to the achievement
of the milestones and other terms and conditions of the Retention Bonus Agreement. You are also entitled to all rights under the Indemnification Agreement between you and the Company dated December 9, 2020. In the interest of clarity, nothing
herein or in any other agreements, documents or communications related to the administrative leave shall be construed as a waiver of any of your rights under any existing agreement between you and the Company. 

Annual Performance Bonuses for executives are determined and approved by the Board. For the 2024 fiscal year, your Annual Performance Bonus will be paid to
you in normal course according to the Companys practices. For the period of your administrative leave, your Annual Performance Bonus for the 2025 fiscal year will be calculated at your current annual bonus target multiplied by the percent of
company goal achievement for 2025, as determined by the Board and without respect to the administrative leave. For the avoidance of doubt your Annual Performance Bonus for the 2025 fiscal year will be governed by the terms of Section 3(b) of
your Employment Agreement and will not be negatively impacted by the administrative leave. 

Thank you for your cooperation with this matter. Please
acknowledge your receipt, understanding and agreement to the terms of your administrative leave by signing below and returning the original executed copy to the Company. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Frank E. Thomas

Frank E. Thomas

Chair of the
Board

Received, Understood and Agreed: 

/s/ Satyavrat Shukla Date: January 10, 2025

Satayavrat Shukla
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d820907dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

675 Massachusetts Avenue, 14th Floor 

Cambridge, MA 02139 

January 10, 2025 

Esther Rajavelu 

Re: 

Interim Period Agreement 

Dear Esther: 

The Board of Directors (the Board) of
Spero Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), has asked you to serve, and you have agreed to serve, as the interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company during the period that Satyavrat Shukla remains on
administrative leave commencing January 10, 2025 (the Interim Period). This letter agreement (this Agreement) supplements and amends your Employment Agreement with the Company, dated October 31, 2023 (the
Employment Agreement). 

1. 

During the Interim Period, you will serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer and principal executive
officer of the Company reporting to the Board. You will have such duties and responsibilities as are reasonably determined by the Board and are consistent with the duties customarily performed by a President and Chief Executive Officer of a
similarly situated company in the United States. 

2. 

During the Interim Period, you will also continue to serve as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business
Officer of the Company, although you will report to the Board in this capacity as well. 

3. 

You accept the appointment upon the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Employment Agreement, and
you agree to perform such duties and discharge such responsibilities to the best of your ability. You will devote substantially all of your business time and energies to the business and affairs of Company, subject to the terms of Section 1 of
the Employment Agreement. 

4. 

During this Interim Period, in addition to the Base Salary set forth in Section 3(a) of the Employment
Agreement, the Company will pay you an additional monthly amount of $20,000, for each full calendar month during the Interim Period (the Additional Payment). The Additional Payment will terminate on the last day of the Interim Period.
The Additional Payment will be prorated for the first and last month during the Interim Period for any partial month of service. The Company will pay you the Additional Payment in substantially equal periodic installments in accordance with
Companys payroll practices in effect during the Interim Period and will deduct from each such installment all amounts required to be deducted or withheld under applicable law. 

5. 

The Company anticipates that at the end of the Interim Period you will cease to serve as the Companys
President and Chief Executive Officer and revert to serving as the Companys Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. 

6. 

The reversion of your duties, authority and responsibilities from President and Chief Executive Officer
following the Interim Period to the duties, authority and responsibilities solely of the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer and the termination of the Additional Payment at the conclusion of the Interim Period will not be deemed to
be: (i) a material diminution in your duties, authority or responsibilities; (ii) a material reduction in your Base Salary; or (iii) a willful and material breach by the Company its covenants and/or obligations under the Employment
Agreement. You therefore understand and agree that you will not have grounds to resign with Good Reason at the conclusion of the Interim Period under Section 2(b)(iii)(A) and 2(e) of the Employment Agreement. 

7. 

If during the Interim Period or during the 12 months following the conclusion of the Interim Period (i.e., your
reversion back to duties, authority and responsibilities solely of the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer), the Company terminates your employment without Cause pursuant to Section 2(b)(ii)(C) or you resign your employment with
Good Reason under Section 2(b)(iii)(A) of the Employment Agreement, the severance payable under Section 4(e)(i) or 4(f)(i) of the Employment Agreement (as applicable) will be based on your Base Salary and the Additional Payment for the
nine month or twelve month severance period, as applicable. 

8. 

For further clarity, the Retention Bonus payable to you under the Retention Bonus Agreement dated as of
November 13, 2024 (Retention Agreement) remains in effect, provided, however, that the aggregate potential Retention Bonus will be up to seventy-five percent (75%) of the sum of your base salary, your target annual bonus (in each case in
effect as of the date of the Retention Agreement) and the annualized Additional Payment. The Retention Agreement otherwise remains in full force and effect, including the obligation to achieve the Milestones. 

9. 

Except as modified or amended by the terms of this Agreement, the terms of your Employment Agreement remain in
full force and effect. 

10. 

The Company has agreed to pay your attorney fees of up to $10,000 to negotiate this Agreement and payment of
such legal fees will be made directly to your counsel within 20 business days after execution of this Agreement. 

No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or
discharge shall be agreed to in a further writing and signed by you and the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition provision of this agreement to be
performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the
subject matter hereof have been made by either party that is not expressly set forth in this Agreement or the Employment Agreement. The laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts shall govern the validity, interpretation, construction and performance
of this Agreement. This Agreement is binding on the Companys successors and assigns. 

If you agree with the foregoing, please sign this Agreement in
the space provided below and return the original executed copy. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Frank E. Thomas

Frank E. Thomas

Chair of the
Board

Accepted and agreed: 

/s/ Esther Rajavelu Date: January 10, 2025

Esther Rajavelu
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d820907dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Corporate Presentation January 2025 

Forward-looking Statement This presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995, as amended, including without limitation, statements regarding, among other things, the potential number of patients who could be treated by tebipenem HBr and market demand for tebipenem HBr generally; the potential regulatory path
forward for tebipenem HBr, the potential approval of tebipenem HBr by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the timing thereof; the potential commercialization of tebipenem HBr and its future value, the potential receipt of milestone
payments and royalties on future sales of tebipenem HBr under the GlaxoSmithKline Intellectual Property (No. 3) Limited (GSK) license agreement; the effectiveness of tebipenem HBr and its potential impact on healthcare resource utilizations; the
continued development and commercialization of SPR720 and SPR206; the initiation, timing, progress and results of the Companys preclinical studies and clinical trials and its research and development programs, including managements
assessment of such results; the timing of t he availability of data from the Companys clinical trials; the timing of the Companys filings with regulatory agencies; product candidate benefits; competitive position; cash runway, business
strategies; potential growth opportunities; potential market size; projected costs and the availability of additional non-dilutive funding from governmental agencies beyond any initially funded awards. In some
cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, aim, anticipate, could, intent,
target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. All
statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this presentation are forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Actual
results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including whether the FDA will ultimately approve tebipenem HBr and, if so, the
timing of any such approval; whether the FDA will require any additional clinical data or place labeling restrictions on the use of tebipenem HBr that would add costs for the Company, delay approval and/or r educe the commercial prospects of
tebipenem HBr; the Companys need for additional funding; the lengthy, expensive, and uncertain process of clinical drug development; the Companys reliance on third parties to manufacture, develop, and commercialize its product
candidates, if approved; the ability to develop and commercialize the Companys product candidates, if approved; the Companys ability to retain key personnel; whether results obtained in preclinical studies and clinical trials will be
indicative of results obtained in future clinical trials and whether preliminary data from the Companys clinical trials will be predictive of final results from such trials; the Companys dependence on raising capital and whether the
Companys product candidates will advance through the preclinical development a nd clinical trial process on a timely basis, or at all, taking into account such factors as the effects of possible regulatory delays, slower than anticipated
patient enrollment, manufacturing challeng es, clinical trial design, clinical data requirements and clinical outcomes; whether the results of such clinical trials will warrant submission for approval from the FDA or equivalent foreign regulatory
agencies; decisions made by the FDA and equivalent foreign regulatory agencies with respect to the development and commercialization of the Companys product candidates; the commercial potential of the Companys product candidates; the
Companys ability to obtain adequate third-party reimbursement for its product candidates; whether the Company will satisfy all of the pre-conditions to receipt of the milestone payments under its various
license and collaboration agreements; the Companys ability to implement its strategic plans; the Companys ability to obtain, maintain and enforce int ellectual property and other proprietary rights for its product candidates; the risks
and uncertainties related to market conditions; whether the Companys cash resources will be sufficient to fund its con tinuing operations for the periods and/or trials anticipated; and other factors discussed in the Risk Factors
section of the Companys periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commiss ion (SEC), and risks described in other filings the Company may make with the SEC in the future. The forward-looking statements included in this
presentation represent the Companys views as of the date of this presentation. The Company anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its views to change. However, while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking
statements at some point in the future, it specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Companys views as of any date subsequent to the date of this
presentation. 

Developing Therapies for Rare and Multi-drug Resistant Infectious Diseases Clinical stage Tebipenem HBr in Strong financial portfolio
Phase 3 for cUTI foundation Indications with high In development, with potential Cash runway into mid-2026 unmet need in addressable to be the first and only oral enables delivery of key
patient populations carbapenem for complicated milestones urinary track infections (cUTI) Orphan drug and/or QIDP Potential for additional designations Phase 3 trial expected to regulatory and commercial complete enrollment in
2H 2025 milestones Strong global intellectual Phase 3 data readout and property regulatory submission (US) expected in 2H 20251 GSK commercial partnership with strong economics 

Maturing Pipeline with Differentiated Clinical Assets Asset
Indication Preclinical Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 Anticipated Milestone Partnered Assets Tebipenem HBr Complete Enrollment cUTI Worldwide Rights (ex. Asia) (2H 2025) SPR206 HABP/VABP Initiate Phase 21 China OUS, ex. China
Spero Retains Rights in United States Wholly Owned First-line SPR720 Program suspended2 NTM-PDNon-dilutive Funding Alliances
NTM-PD:non-tuberculous mycobacterial pulmonary disease; cUTI: complicated urinary tract infection; HABP: hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia; VABP:
ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia 1.Contingent on non-dilutive funding. 2. The company has elected to suspend its current development program for SPR720, as it completes Phase 2a data analysis. 4

Tebipenem HBr Oral Carbapenem for cUTI 

Complicated Urinary Tract Infection (cUTI) Typically caused by an abnormality of the Complicated Uncomplicated urinary tract or
in the presence of Functional or anatomical No functional or anatomical abnormality of urinary tract abnormality of urinary tract catheterization Characterized by pyuria1 and a documented microbial pathogen on culture of urine or blood,
accompanied by local and systemic signs and symptoms, including fever, chills, and malaise Acute Patients with pyelonephritis2, regardless of Pyelonephritis underlying abnormalities of the urinary tract, (complicated) are considered a subset
of cUTI patients Acute Cystitis Complicated Uncomplicated cystitis cystitis 

Overview of cUTI Therapeutic Landscape Resistance and lack of effective treatments Lack of effective oral treatment options has result
in a large addressable cUTI patient resulted in increased population Outpatient visits Emergency department visits nd IV Therapy/ Outpatient IV use 2 line Oral 3rd line Oral Hospitalizations (Resistant/ Failed)
(Resistant/ Failed) Hospital days Home health and long-term care stays post-hospitalization All translating to patient suffering Annual cUTI treatment episodes and high financial burden estimated to be 3.4M1 

Tebipenem HBr: Potential to Reduce Treatment Burden for cUTI Patients Potential first-to-market Global commercial Phase 3 enrolling oral carbapenem partnership Potential treatment of PIVOT-PO trial protocol Out-licensed global complicated UTI in outpatient approved under FDA Special commercial rights ex-Asia to setting vs current hospitalized Protocol Assessment (SPA) GSK setting
Global trial with centers in the Japan and certain other Asian Robust IP through 2038 North and South America, countries retained by Meiji Europe, Africa, and Asia QIDP designation Robust financial terms 
Enrollment expected to including developmental, complete in 2H 2025 regulatory, and commercial milestones, as well as tiered sales royalties 

Compound Structures and Definitions Tebipenem Tebipenem Pivoxil Tebipenem Pivoxil Hydrobromide Active drug Orally bioavailable prodrug
of Speros orally bioavailable prodrug + tebipenem (Orapenem fine granules HBr salt, enabling high dosage and for pediatrics; Meiji Seika, Japan) room temperature-stable product TBP-PI-HBr is
an orally bioavailable carbapenem prodrug that rapidly converts in enterocytes to active moiety tebipenem Tebipenem has in vitro activity against multidrug-resistant (MDR) Gram-negative pathogens, including extended-spectrum -lactamase
(ESBL)-producing, fluoroquinolone-resistant, and TMP-SMX-resistant Enterobacterales 

Clinical Experience Supports Safety, Efficacy of Tebipenem1 741 Adult subjects evaluated, across 17 efficacy and pharmacology
trials Tebipenem Pivoxil evaluated in 23 440 pediatric subjects evaluated, across 6 efficacy and pharmacology trials trials enrolling over 1,300 subjects (Meiji-Seika experience) Generally well tolerated, comparable to common, approved
oral beta lactam antibiotics and IV carbapenems Met its primary endpoint in 3 double blind controlled efficacy trials in pediatric pneumonia, otitis media, and sinusitis Approved for pediatric pneumonia, otitis media, sinusitis, over
4 million patients dosed to date Tebipenem Pivoxil approved in Extensive post-marketing safety and efficacy surveillance completed, covering 3,331 patients Japan since 2009 No issues of safety were observed, and adequate efficacy
was demonstrated 964 subjects have received at least one dose of TBP-PI-HBr Tebipenem HBr evaluated in 10 trials enrolling over 950 subjects 279 healthy volunteers or patients with renal
impairment across Phase 1 studies till date (Spero experience) 685 patients with cUTI/AP in a previous Phase 3 study (SPR994-301;ADAPT-PO) 1. Akash Jain, Luke
Utley, Thomas R. Parr, Thomas Zabawa & Michael J. Pucci (2018): Tebipenem, the first oral carbapenem antibiotic, Expert Review of Anti-infective Therapy, DOI: 10.1080/14787210.2018.1496821 10 

Activity of Tebipenem and Comparator Carbapenems against Gram-negative and -positive Uropathogens MIC90 (g/mL) Pathogen N
Tebipenem Imipenem Meropenem Ertapenem Enterobacterales (Surveillance US & EU, 2022) E. coli 1,444 0.03 0.12 0.03 0.015 K. pneumoniae 404 0.12 0.5 0.06 0.25 P. mirabilis 170 0.25 4 0.12 0.015 E. cloacae (species complex) 72 0.25 0.5
0.12 2 K. oxytoca 69 0.06 0.25 0.03 0.03 K. aerogenes 40 0.12 1 0.06 0.25 S. marcescens 22 0.25 2 0.12 0.5 C. koseri 43 0.03 0.12 0.03 0.008 Gram-positive uropathogens (NCRPT-0089) E. faecalis 30 0.5 NA 4 >4 S. aureus (MSSA) 20 0.03 NA
0.25 0.25 S. Saprophyticus (MS) 25 0.25 NA 0.25 1 * Spero data on file. MIC = Minimum Inhibitory Concentration; MSSA = Methicillin Susceptible Staph Aureus; MS = Methicillin Susceptible 11 

Tebipenem is Active Against Clinically Important Resistant Enterobacterales UTI Pathogens from Europe and the USA in 2022 Organism/
MIC90 (g/mL) Phenotype N phenotype Tebipenem Imipenem Meropenem Ertapenem Enterobacterales All 2,447 0.12 1 0.06 0.06 All 1,444 0.03 0.12 0.03 0.015 E. coli ESBL* 205 0.03 0.25 0.03 0.12
Levofloxacin-NS* 317 0.03 0.25 0.03 0.06 TMP-SMX-R* 399 0.03 0.12 0.03 0.03 All 404 0.12 0.5 0.06 0.25 K. pneumoniae ESBL*
96 0.12 0.5 0.12 1 Levofloxacin-NS* 74 0.25 0.5 0.12 1 TMP-SMX-R* 102 0.06 0.5 0.06 0.25
*Non-CRE (Imipenem-susceptible, MIC 1 g/mL): 2022 European and US Surveillance Isolates (JMI Laboratories) * Spero data on file. ESBL = Extended spectrum beta-lactamases; TMP-SMX = Trimethoprim-Sulfoxazole; R = Resistant; NS= Non susceptible; CRE = Carbapenem Resistant Enterobacterales; MIC = Minimum Inhibitory Concentration 12 

Tebipenem Pharmacokinetic Profile Prodrug rapidly converts to tebipenem in enterocytes of GI tract Plasma Half-life ~1
hour Dose-proportional PK relationship when administered fed or fasted state Low potential for drug-drug interactions No CYP450-dependent metabolism No induction of CYP450 enzymes Elimination through fecal and
renal excretion No dose adjustment for hepatic impairment Dose adjustment for moderate and severe renal impairment Oral bioavailability of tebipenem ~60% 

Phase 3 Clinical Trial PIVOT-PO: Pivotal Design Study Tebipenem HBr (NCT06059846): Phase 3
Clinical Trial in cUTI A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-blind, Double-dummy, Multi-center Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Orally Administered Tebipenem Pivoxil Hydrobromide (TBP-PI-HBr), Compared to
Intravenously Administered Imipenem-cilastatin in Patients with Complicated Urinary Tract Infection (cUTI) or Acute Pyelonephritis (AP) Treatment Population Treatment Arms Endpoints Primary Endpoint: TBP-PI-HBR (600 mg) orally and dummy infusion IV, Overall response at TOC in Patients with a diagnosis every 6 hours, days 1-10, (n=1324) of cUTI (incl. AP)
micro-ITT population Approximately 2648 R patients Primary Analysis: (stratified by age, baseline patients Imipenem-cilastatin (500 mg) IV and matched dummy Assessment of non-inferiority diagnosis, etc.) randomized tablets, orally every 6 hours, days 1-10, (n=1324) (NI) in micro-ITT population, 7-10 Days of Dosing 1:1 (blinded) based on a 10% NI margin Entered FDA Special Protocol Assessment Agreement (SPA): The FDA has indicated that positive and persuasive results from
PIVOT-PO, along with previously completed studies1, could be sufficient to support approval of tebipenem HBr as a treatment for cUTI, including pyelonephritis, for a limited use indication. 1. supported by
confirmatory evidence from PK/PD and breakpoint package AP: acute pyelonephritis; cUTI: complicated urinary tract infection; NI: non-inferiority;TBP-PI-HBr/tebipenem
HBr: tebipenem pivoxil hydrobromide (formerly SPR994) 14 

Exclusive License Agreement with GSK for Tebipenem HBr and Equity Investment Global Collaboration
(ex-Asia) Financial Terms Received $66 Million upfront and $9 Million in common stock investment Received $30 Million upon SPA agreement with the FDA Spero is responsible for execution and costs of the
Tebipenem HBr Phase 3 in Upon FPFD, Spero qualified to receive $95 Million in development milestones the United States payable in four equal installments over two years; $47.5M received in 2024 and remaining to be received in 2025 GSK received
exclusive license to: Spero is eligible to receive up to $400 Million in additional potential regulatory, o Develop Tebipenem in territories outside commercial and sales milestone payments, as well as royalties of United States (not including Japan
and o $25 Million to be paid upon GSKs submission of tebipenem HBrs New Drug certain other Asian countries where rights Application (NDA) are held by Meiji Seika); and Up in potential commercial o to $150 million milestones based on
first o Obtain regulatory approval and commercial sales (US/EU) commercialize tebipenem HBr in all o Up to $225 million in sales related milestone payments territories, except Meiji Seika Territories o Spero to receive tiered low-single digit to low-double digit (if sales exceed $1 billion) tiered royalties on net product sales 

SPR206 Direct Acting IV Potentiator 

SPR206: Ongoing Clinical Development Lends Potential to Address Significant Unmet Need Innovative, investigational IV
direct-acting polymyxin antibiotic Destabilization of phospholipids and lipopolysaccharides (LPS) present in the outer membrane Increased permeability, cell membrane disruption, bacterial cell death Received FDA Fast Track
designation Current standard of care involves drug combinations that are often associated with nephrotoxicity Preclinical SAD/MAD Bronchoalveolar Renal Impairment Studies Phase 1 Trial1 Lavage Phase 1 Trial2 Phase 1 Trial3 Support increased efficacy
beyond No evidence of nephrotoxicity at Well-tolerated and achieved lung Supportive of renal dosing in subsequent traditional antibiotics and potential for predicted therapeutic dose levels exposures consistent with predicted trials for patients
impacted by single agent activity therapeutic levels differences in renal function Next Steps: Phase 2 HABP/VABP Proof of Concept Study4 SPR206 has potential to fulfill unmet need for a well tolerated, efficacious therapeutic against
carbapenem-resistant pathogens HABP: hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia; MAD: multiple ascending dose; SAD: single ascending dose; VABP: ventilator -associated bacterial pneumonia. 1. Bruss J, et al. Antimicrob Agents Chemother 2021;65:e0073921;
2.Rodvold KA, et al. Antimicrob Agents Chemother 2023;67:e0042623. 3. Bruss JB, et al. Antimicrob Agents Chemother 2023;67:e0050523; 4. Contingent on non-dilutive funding availability. 17 

SPR720 Oral Antibiotic for Non-Tuberculosis Mycobacterium Pulmonary Disease (NTM-PD) The company has suspended its current development for SPR720 

SPR720 is An Oral Small Molecule Gyrase B Inhibitor Novel mechanism of action for NTM-PD
not exploited by current antibiotics May be administered with or without food No evidence of cross resistance against marketed antibiotics based on in vitro trials Low propensity for development of resistance as monotherapy and
in combination with SOC antibiotics in vitro Preclinical SAD/MAD Bronchoalveolar Proof of Concept Studies Phase 1 Trial Lavage Phase 1 Trial1 Phase 2a study Support activity against a broad Good PK characteristics, including lack Well-tolerated and
achieved lung Phase 2a did not meet primary endpoint spectrum of NTM-PD pathogens, as of a food effect, and a clean safety exposures consistent with predicted well as low propensity for profile therapeutic
levels development of resistance Next steps: Company has suspended development efforts of SPR720, as it continues to analyze data to determine next steps for the program 1. Keith A. Rodvold et. Al., Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy, https://doi.org/10.1128/aac.01103-24 19 

Leadership Team Esther Rajavelu Timothy Keutzer James Brady Interim President and Chief Chief Operating Officer Chief Human Resource
Officer Executive Officer Previously, Speros Chief Prior CHRO at uniQure Therapeutics; Over two decades of life science Development Officer Vice President, Human Resources at sector experience, combining Intarcia
Therapeutics Prior VP Program and Portfolio equities research, investment Management, Cubist Close to 30 years of senior human banking, and strategy consulting resources experience with over 17 Extensive antibiotic development
years in the life science space Prior CFO at Fulcrum Therapeutics. experience from pre-clinical to Senior equity research analyst at approval UBS, Oppenheimer and Deutsche Bank. Healthcare Investment
Banker Over 30 years in the pharmaceutical at Bank of America Merrill Lynch industry 

Thank You
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d820907dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

Spero Therapeutics Provides Business Update and Announces Interim Leadership Changes 

Esther Rajavelu Appointed Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, Frank Thomas Appointed Chairman of the Board

Interim Changes to Leadership Follow the Companys Response to a Wells Notice from the SEC Relating to Certain Public Disclosures Made
in 2022 

Phase 3 PIVOT-PO Trial of Tebipenem HBr Reaches Over 60% Enrollment as of
December 31, 2024; Remains on Track to Complete Enrollment in 2H 2025 

Cash Balance and Cash Runway Guidance Remains into mid-2026

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. 10, 2025 Spero Therapeutics, Inc. (Spero or the
Company) (Nasdaq: SPRO), a multi-asset clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focused on identifying and developing novel treatments for rare diseases and multi-drug resistant (MDR) bacterial infections, today provided a corporate
update regarding interim changes to its leadership and Board as well as an enrollment update regarding the Phase 3 PIVOT-PO trial of Tebipenem HBr. 

Effective today, the Board of Directors (Board) has appointed Esther Rajavelu to serve as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, stepping
in for Sath Shukla, who has agreed to a voluntary paid administrative leave for an interim period. During such leave, Mr. Shukla will continue to serve as a member of the Board. The Board has also appointed Director Frank Thomas to serve as
Chairman of the Board, stepping in for Dr. Ankit Mahadevia. Dr. Mahadevia will continue to serve as a member of the Board. These leadership changes were implemented as part of the Companys response to a Wells Notice from
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), related to certain public disclosures by the Company from March 31, 2022 leading up to May 3, 2022. The Boards independent directors took these actions as a matter of
corporate governance best practices and to enable the Company to maintain focus on pursuing its business objectives. The Board believes that the Company, Dr. Mahadevia and Mr. Shukla acted in good faith and consistent with their duties and
obligations. 

The Board is highly confident that Esther is well equipped to serve as Interim President and CEO and execute on the Companys
strategy to advance our pipeline during this period, stated Frank Thomas, Chairman of the Board of Spero Therapeutics. The Board maintains that the disclosures of the Company were appropriate. We thank Sath and Ankit for their continued
service and for their cooperation in helping Spero remain focused on its programs during this process. We look forward to the satisfactory resolution of this matter. 

We are entering an important year of progress for Spero, as we build momentum with our Phase 3 Tebipenem HBr
PIVOT-PO trial, said Ms. Esther Rajavelu, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Spero Therapeutics. We have now surpassed 60% enrollment in the trial, and were on track to be
fully enrolled in the second half of 2025. This marks significant progress in developing the first-of-its-kind oral carbapenem
antibiotic for complicated urinary tract infections. Our cash runway into mid-2026 enables us to stay focused on our highest priority, the tebipenem clinical program and other ongoing activities. 

Leadership Bios 

Esther Rajavelu has served as the
Companys Chief Financial and Business Officer since joining in November 2023. Prior to that, she was Chief Financial Officer at Fulcrum Therapeutics, a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. Ms. Rajavelu also brings more than two
decades of life sciences sector experience combining equities research, investment banking and strategy consulting. 

Frank Thomas has been a member of the
Board since July 2017 and is currently the Chair of its Audit Committee. Mr. Thomas also serves on the Board of Directors of Larimar Therapeutics, and he brings extensive commercial and operational management experience at several
biopharmaceutical companies. 

1 

2024 Pipeline Updates and 2025 Anticipated Milestones 

Tebipenem HBr 

Tebipenem HBr is an investigational oral
carbapenem antibiotic being developed for the treatment of cUTI including acute pyelonephritis (AP) to help patients avoid hospitalizations or reduce duration of in-patient therapy. 

As of December 31, 2024, more than 60% of the enrollment was complete in
PIVOT-PO, the global Phase 3 clinical trial of tebipenem HBr, with full enrollment expected by the second half of 2025. The trial, which began enrolling patients in December 2023, aims to enroll approximately
2,648 participants. 

PIVOT-PO is a randomized, double-blinded trial compares oral tebipenem
HBr with intravenous imipenem cilastatin, in hospitalized adult patients with cUTI/AP. The primary endpoint is overall response (a combination of clinical cure and favorable microbiological response) at the Test-of-Cure (TOC) visit. For more information on PIVOT-PO, refer to ClinicalTrials.gov ID NCT06059846. 

SPR720 

SPR720 is an oral, chemically stable phosphate
ester prodrug that is converted rapidly in vivo to SPR719, the active moiety. SPR719 targets the ATPase site of DNA gyrase B in mycobacteria, a mechanism that is distinct from that of other antibiotics in use for Non Tuberculous
Mycobacterial-Pulmonary Disease (NTM-PD).

As of July 2024, a Phase 2a
proof-of-concept trial concluded enrollment in July 2024 with 25 non-refractoryNTM-PD
patients. A planned interim analysis based on 16 patients indicated the trial did not meet its primary endpoint of differentiation from placebo in the rate of change in log10 colony forming units per milliliter (CFU/mL). In addition, analysis of the
full 25 patient safety data highlighted potential dose limiting safety issues in patients dosed at 1,000mg orally once daily, including three cases of reversible grade 3 hepatotoxicity. 

The Company plans to complete data analysis of all enrolled patients (n=25) and determine the next steps for the
SPR720 program over the next several months. For more information on the trial, see ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT05496374. 

SPR206 for Bacterial Pneumonia 

SPR206 is an
investigational, intravenously administered next-generation polymyxin that has shown antibiotic activity against MDR Gram-negative pathogens, including carbapenem-resistant Enterobacterales, Acinetobacter baumannii and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in
preclinical studies. 

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) cleared the Companys IND for a Phase 2 trial in participants
with hospital-acquired or ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia (HABP/VABP). The Company maintains its guidance to initiate the trial, contingent on availability of non-dilutive funding.

Financial Guidance 

As of
December 31, 2024, Spero Therapeutics had cash and cash equivalents of $52.9 million (unaudited). The Company estimates that its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with earned and
non-contingent development milestone payments from GSK, as well as other non-dilutive funding commitments, will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital
expenditures into mid-2026.

The following information should be considered in connection with this preliminary
result: The Companys audited, consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2024, are not yet available. Accordingly, the information presented above reflects the Companys preliminary estimate, subject to the completion of
the Companys financial closing procedures and the annual audit of its financial statements by its auditors. As a result, this preliminary estimate may differ from the actual results that will be reflected

2 

in the Companys audited, consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, when they are completed and publicly disclosed. This preliminary estimate may
change, and that change may be material. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm have not audited, reviewed, examined, or compiled nor applied agreed upon procedures with respect to such preliminary estimate and accordingly
do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. 

Background on Wells Notice 

As the Company disclosed today in a Form 8-K filing, on January 9, 2025, the Company responded to a Wells
Notice from the SEC staff regarding a preliminary determination to recommend to the Commissioners of the SEC a civil enforcement action or administrative proceeding against the Company, Dr. Mahadevia, and Mr. Shukla. The Wells Notice
relates to certain public disclosures by the Company from March 31, 2022 leading up to the Companys announcement on May 3, 2022, that it had determined to cease commercialization of Tebipenem HBr based on feedback from the Food and
Drug Administration (the FDA), and whether the Companys disclosures may have violated the federal securities laws. 

The Company,
Dr. Mahadevia, and Mr. Shukla are cooperating with the SEC, and they maintain that the Companys disclosures were appropriate. The Company, Dr. Mahadevia and Mr. Shukla intend to pursue the Wells Notice process and
vigorously defend against this matter, including submitting a formal response to the SEC explaining their views and engaging in further dialogue with the SEC Staff. 

A Wells Notice is neither a formal charge of wrongdoing nor a final determination that the recipient has violated any law, but is a preliminary determination
by the SEC staff to recommend to the Commissioners of the SEC that a civil enforcement action or administrative proceeding be brought against the recipients. The results of the investigation and the Wells Notice process and any corresponding
enforcement action against the Company and/or any of the identified individuals, and the costs, timing and other potential consequences of responding and complying therewith are unknown at this time. 

About Spero Therapeutics 

Spero Therapeutics,
headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, is a multi-asset clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on identifying and developing novel treatments for rare diseases and MDR bacterial infections with high unmet need. For more information,
visit www.sperotherapeutics.com

Government Agency Research Support 

The views expressed in this press release are those of the authors and may not reflect the official policy or position of the Department of the Army,
Department of Defense, or the U.S. Government. 

About Tebipenem HBr and the Phase 3 PIVOT-PO Trial 

Spero Therapeutics, in collaboration with GSK through a global licensing agreement established in 2022, continues to advance Tebipenem HBr, an investigational first-in-class oral carbapenem antibiotic for treating complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including acute pyelonephritis. If approved, it would provide an oral
alternative to IV antibiotics, addressing unmet medical needs and potentially reducing hospitalizations. The company received written agreement from the FDA under a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) on the design and size of the pivotal Phase 3
clinical trial, named PIVOT-PO, for Tebipenem HBr in patients with cUTI, including acute pyelonephritis. The PIVOT-PO trial is a global Phase 3 randomized, double-blind
study comparing the efficacy of oral Tebipenem HBr with intravenous imipenem cilastatin in hospitalized adults with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including acute pyelonephritis (AP). The trial, which began enrolling patients in
January 2024, aims to enroll approximately 2,648 participants, with enrollment completed in the second half of 2025. 

Tebipenem HBr Research Support

Select Tebipenem HBr studies have been funded in part with federal funds from the Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for
Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, under contract number HHSO100201800015C. 

3 

Department of Defense 

Select SPR206 studies are supported by the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, through the Joint Warfighter Medical Research
Program under Award No. W81XWH 19 1 0295. Opinions, interpretations, conclusions, and recommendations are those of the author and are not necessarily endorsed by the Department of Defense. 

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease 

Select SPR206 studies have been funded in whole or in part with Federal funds from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National
Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services, under Contract No. 75N93021C00022. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including,
without limitation, statements regarding the timing, progress and results of Speros preclinical studies, clinical trials and research and development programs; the potential benefits of any of Speros current or future product candidates
in treating patients; the potential future resolution of the Wells Notice process; and Speros strategy, goals, cash runway and anticipated financial performance, milestones and business plans. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be
identified by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, aim, anticipate, could, intent, target, project,
contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Any forward-looking statements in this press release
are based on managements current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of important risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward looking
statements, including whether tebipenem HBr will advance through the clinical trial process on a timely basis, or at all, taking into account the effects of possible regulatory delays, slower than anticipated patient enrollment, manufacturing
challenges, clinical trial design and clinical outcomes; whether the results of such trials will warrant submission for approval from the FDA or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies; whether the FDA will ultimately approve tebipenem HBr and, if
so, the timing of any such approval; whether the FDA will require any additional clinical data or place labeling restrictions on the use of tebipenem HBr that would delay approval and/or reduce the commercial prospects of tebipenem HBr; whether a
successful commercial launch can be achieved and market acceptance of tebipenem HBr can be established; whether results obtained in preclinical studies and clinical trials will be indicative of results obtained in future clinical trials;
Speros need for additional funding; the ability to commercialize Speros product candidates, if approved; Speros ability to retain key personnel; Speros interim leadership transitions; whether Speros cash resources will
be sufficient to fund its continuing operations for the periods and/or trials anticipated; the possible delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq GS, the outcome of the Wells Notice process and any corresponding enforcement action or
administrative proceeding; and other factors discussed in the Risk Factors set forth in filings that Spero periodically makes with the SEC. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Speros views only
as of the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date. Except as required by law, Spero explicitly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

Investor Relations Contact: 

Shai Biran, PhD 

Spero Therapeutics 

IR@Sperotherapeutics.com 

Media Inquiries: 

Edelman Smithfield 

Spero@edelmansmithfield.com 

Spero Therapeutics 

media@sperotherapeutics.com 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>spro-20250107.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>spro-20250107_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>spro-20250107_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g820907ex10_1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g820907g11g11.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g820907g12g12.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g820907g13g13.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g820907g14g14.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g820907g15g15.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>g820907g16g16.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g820907g17g17.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>g820907g18g18.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>g820907g19g19.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>g820907g20g20.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>g820907g21g21.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>g820907g22g22.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>g820907g23g23.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>g820907g24g24.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>g820907g25g25.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>g820907g26g26.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>g820907g27g27.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>g820907g28g28.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>g820907g29g29.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>g820907g30g30.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>g820907g31g31.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001701108

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 07, 2025

Entity Registrant Name SPERO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38266

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-4590683

Entity Address, Address Line One 675 Massachusetts Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 14th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Cambridge

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02140

City Area Code (857)

Local Phone Number 242-1600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Trading Symbol SPRO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://sperotherapeutics.com//20250107/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d820907d8k.htm 
spro-20250107.xsd 
spro-20250107_lab.xml 
spro-20250107_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-004063-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>d820907d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001701108 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
false 
0001701108 
8-K 
2025-01-07 
SPERO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-38266 
46-4590683 
675 Massachusetts Avenue 
14th Floor 
Cambridge 
MA 
02140 
(857) 
242-1600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
SPRO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>