<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001227.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001227.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107160533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001227
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global AI, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001473490
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				264170100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-163439
		FILM NUMBER:		25514903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 FRONT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-240-0333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 FRONT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wall Street Media Co, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130923

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRIGHT MOUNTAIN HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121227

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MY CATALOGS ONLINE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090930
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000147349000014734902024-12-312024-12-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C., 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 31, 2024

Global
AI, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 333-163439 26-4170100

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

110
Front Street, Suite
300, Jupiter,
FL33477

(Address
of principal executive offices, including Zip Code)

(561)240-0333

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13a-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Share
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024:

On
December 31, 2024, Global AI, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Acquirer), Tectu Biz Ltd., a company organized under the
laws of the State of Israel (the Company), and certain shareholders of the Company as identified on Exhibit A thereto (the
Sellers), entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) in respect of the purchase by
the Acquirer and sale by the Sellers of the entire share capital of the Company compromising of 4,000,000 ordinary shares of the Company
(Company Shares), each having a nominal value of 0.01 New Israel Shekels, free and clear from any and all encumbrances
(the Share Purchase). Immediately following the consummation of the closing of the Share Purchase, the Acquirer shall hold
one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company on a fully-diluted basis.

As
consideration for the Share Purchase, the Acquirer shall pay the Sellers at closing a total combined amount (or value) of (i) $490,000
in cash (subject to certain provisions in respect of identified loan payments); and (ii) $510,000 in either cash or 255,000 shares of
common stock of the Acquirer, par value $0.001, with each share having an agreed upon fixed value of $2.00 (or a combination thereof,
as determined by the Acquirer at its sole discretion); totaling to $1,000,000, which constitutes the equity value of the Company on a
cash-free/debt-free basis as of December 31, 2024.

The
Agreement provides for certain representations, covenants and indemnification obligations that are customary for these types of transactions.
Further, the closing of the Share Purchase is subject to certain conditions to closing, including but not limited to the delivery by
the Company to the Acquirer of certain audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2023 and
December 31, 2024 by a Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) qualified auditor (which is reasonably
acceptable to the Acquirer) in accordance with PCAOB standards.

In
connection with the Closing of the Share Purchase, the Acquirer expects to enter two additional agreements: (i) certain employment agreements
with the Sellers; and (ii) certain option agreements as part of the Acquirers equity incentive plan in respect of the receipt
of options or other restricted securities by certain holders of options to purchase Company Shares (amounting together to an aggregate
number of 5,745,000 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Acquirer under terms to be agreed).

The
information set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference and
attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
January 7, 2025, the Acquirer issued a press release announcing the signing of the Agreement by the parties thereto. A copy of the press
release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The
information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed
for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor shall it be deemed
incorporated by reference in any of the Companys filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether
made before or after the date hereof, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to this report in such filing.

Forward
Looking Statement

This
Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements. In addition, from time to time, we or our representatives may make forward-looking
statements orally or in writing. We base these forward-looking statements on our expectations and projections about future events, which
we derive from the information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or our future performance,
including: our ability to successfully develop and implement AI solutions, achieve anticipated synergies, and maintain market competitiveness;
our financial performance and projections; our growth in revenue and earnings; and our business prospects and opportunities. You can
identify forward-looking statements by those that are not historical in nature, particularly those that use terminology such as may,
should, expects, anticipates, contemplates, estimates, believes,
plans, projected, predicts, potential, or hopes or the negative
of these or similar terms. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other
things, those listed under the heading Risk Factors and elsewhere in our most annual report on Form 10-K that we have filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are only predictions. The forward-looking events discussed
in this document and other statements made from time to time by us or our representatives, may not occur, and actual events and results
may differ materially and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us. We are not obligated to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this document
and other statements made from time to time by us or our representatives might not occur. Past performance is not indicative of future
results.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Share
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024, by and among Global AI Inc., Tectu Biz Ltd. and certain of its shareholders
as identified therein.

99.1 Press Release of the Registrant, dated as of January 7, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 7, 2025

GLOBAL
AI, INC. 

By: /s/
Nevenka Cresnar Pergar 

Name: Nevenka
Cresnar Pergar 

Title: Acting
President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SHARE
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Share Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of December 31, 2024 (the Effective
Date) by and among Global AI, Inc., a Nevada corporation publicly traded on OTC Markets with Symbol GLAI (Acquirer),
Tectu Biz Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel (the Company), and the shareholders of
the Company set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (the Sellers). Capitalized terms used herein are defined
in Annex I attached hereto.

RECITALS

A. The
Sellers collectively hold or, at Closing (upon simultaneous completion of purchase of Company
Shares from certain Company Shareholders), will hold one hundred percent (100%) of the issued
and outstanding Company Shares.

B. Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Acquirer desires to
purchase from the Sellers and the Sellers desire to sell to the Acquirer the entire Company
Share Capital comprising of 4,000,000 Company Shares (the Acquired Shares)
owned by such Sellers, free and clear from any and all Encumbrances (the Share
Purchase), such that, immediately following the consummation of the Share Purchase
at the Closing and subject thereto, the Acquirer shall hold one hundred percent (100%) of
the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company on a fully-diluted basis.

C. The
board of directors of the Company (the Board) has considered the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and has unanimously determined that the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents, including the Share Purchase (collectively, the Transactions),
are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the Company.

D. The
Board and the Company Shareholders have adopted (or, solely in the case of the Company Shareholders,
shall have adopted prior to the Closing) the resolutions approving this Agreement, the Transactions
and other matters, in the forms attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Board
Resolutions) and Exhibit C, (the Company Shareholders
Resolutions), respectively.

E. The
Acquirer, the Company and the Sellers desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the Transactions and to prescribe various conditions
to the Transactions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises, covenants and conditions contained herein, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

Article
1

THE
SHARE PURCHASE

1.1 Purchase
and Sale of Shares. At the Closing, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Sellers, severally
and not jointly, and each one with respect to his/her portion of the Acquired Shares (as set out in Exhibit A) shall sell, assign, transfer
and deliver to Acquirer, and Acquirer shall purchase from the Sellers, good and valid title in and to the Acquired Shares, free and clear
from all Encumbrances, and with the benefit of all rights of whatsoever nature attaching or accruing to such Acquired Shares pursuant
to the Charter Documents and Applicable Law.

1.2 Purchase
Consideration. The aggregate consideration payable by Acquirer to the Sellers, subject to the Closing, shall be an amount equal to
the Consideration. Each Seller shall be entitled to receive a portion of the total consideration in accordance with and based on the
Spreadsheet. The Consideration shall remain unchanged, subject to adjustments for Leakage, if applicable.

1.3
Treatment of Other Securities. Under this Agreement, the Acquirer will not assume any rights to purchase, acquire or receive any
other forms or types of securities convertible or exercisable into, or exchangeable for, Company Shares held by any Person.

1.4 No
Acceleration. Prior to the Closing, the Company shall not exercise any discretion to accelerate the vesting of any Company Options
or Company Promised Options, whether in connection with the Transactions or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Acquirer.

1.5 Treatment
of Company Options.

(a) No
Company Option shall be assumed by, continued in effect, or be replaced by the Acquirer. At the Closing, each unexercised Company Option,
whether vested or unvested, shall be cancelled and become null and void and all commitments and obligations of the Company towards each
Company Optionholder or Company Promised Option shall be terminated, extinguished and cancelled. Each Company Optionholder shall provide,
prior to the Closing, an option surrender agreement as required under Section 9.7(e) hereunder against such Company Optionholders
participation in the Acquirer Incentive Plan in accordance with the same terms applicable to such Company Optionholder as of the Effective
Date, unless otherwise agreed between the Acquirer and the Company prior to Closing.

(b) Promptly
following the Effective Date, the Company, in coordination with the Acquirer and its counsel shall file with the ITA an application for
a ruling confirming that the cancellation of Company Options and the subsequent participation of Company Optionholders in the Acquirer
Incentive Plan will not result in an immediate tax event for the Company Optionholders and no withholding tax will be applicable (which
ruling may be subject to customary conditions regularly associated with such a ruling and which may include additional issues which are
raised by the ITA in light of the factual background of the ruling request) (the Option Tax Ruling). The Company
shall cause its legal counsel, accountants and other advisors, to coordinate activities in relation to obtaining the Option Tax Ruling
with the Acquirer and its legal counsel, accountants and advisors, including with respect to written or oral submissions, meetings with
the ITA, as may be necessary, proper and advisable. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company and the Acquirer shall cooperate
to promptly take, or cause to be taken, all commercially reasonable actions necessary, appropriate or advisable under Applicable Law
to obtain the Option Tax Ruling as promptly as practicable. For removal of doubt, the foregoing obligation to cooperate with the Acquirer
does not create an obligation on the Company to accept the Acquirers position with respect to any matter related to the Option
Tax Ruling.

(c) In
the event that it becomes apparent that the Option Tax Ruling will not be received within a reasonable time and may create substantial
delays in the consummation of the Closing, the Company, in coordination with the Acquirer and its counsel, shall seek to receive prior
to the Closing, and if its possible an interim tax ruling or other written confirmation from the ITA confirming that the Acquirer, the
Company, the Paying Agent and anyone acting on their behalf shall be exempt from Israeli withholding Tax in relation to the cancellation
of Company Options and the subsequent participation of Company Optionholders in the Acquirer Incentive Plan (which ruling may be subject
to customary conditions regularly associated with such a ruling) (the Interim Option Tax Ruling).

(d) The
acceptance or non-acceptance of any taxation decision by the ITA does not negate the rights of any Company Optionholder to participate
in the Acquirers Incentive Plan and receive options thereunder. To the extent that tax is applied on the cancellation of the Company
Options and/or the granting of new options by the Acquirer, such tax liability shall be borne and paid by the Company Optionholder. The
Company Optionholders are set out in Schedule 1.5 hereto.

2

1.6 Adjustments.
In the event of any share split, reverse share split, share dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible
into share capital), reorganization, reclassification, combination, recapitalization or other like change with respect to the Company
Shares occurring after the Effective Date and prior to the Closing, all references in this Agreement to specified numbers of shares of
any class or series affected thereby, and all calculations provided for that are based upon numbers of shares of any class or series
affected thereby, shall be equitably adjusted to the extent necessary to provide the parties the same economic effect as contemplated
by this Agreement prior to such share split, reverse share split, share dividend, reorganization, reclassification, combination, recapitalization
or other like change.

1.7 Withholding;
Certain Tax Matters.

(a) Each
of Acquirer, the Paying Agent (as defined below), the Company and anyone acting on their behalf (each, a Payor)
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts
as such Payor determines in its sole discretion is required to be deducted or withheld therefrom or in connection therewith under any
Applicable Law, including, without limitation, the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance. To the extent such amounts were so deducted or withheld,
such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction
and withholding were made. The relevant Payor shall, as soon as practicable, provide to such person written confirmation of the amount
so deducted or withheld and remitted to the Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Israeli Tax, any amount
payable to Sellers (each a Payee) under this Agreement, at the Closing shall be paid and retained by the Paying
Agent for the benefit of such Payee for a period of up to one hundred eighty (180) days from the Closing (or, with respect to any amounts
payable or other consideration deliverable after the Closing, one hundred eighty (180) days from the date on which such amount, or portion
thereof, is related to an Israeli Seller) or an earlier date required in writing by such Payee or as otherwise requested by the ITA (the
Withholding Drop Date) (during which time no amount shall be withheld from amounts paid to the Paying Agent, except
as provided below or as requested by the ITA) and during which time, such Payee may obtain (or, if one already exists, present to the
Paying Agent) a Qualified Withholding Certificate. In the event that no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the Withholding Drop
Date a Payee submits to the Paying Agent a Qualified Withholding Certificate, the Paying Agent shall act in accordance with the provisions
of such Qualified Withholding Certificate, subject to any deduction and withholding required to be deducted and withheld under any provision
of state, local or foreign Tax law (other than Israeli Tax law). If a Payee: (x) does not provide the Paying Agent with a Qualified Withholding
Certificate no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the Withholding Drop Date, or (y) submits a written request to the Paying
Agent to release the amounts held by the Paying Agent to such Payee, prior to such time and fails to submit a Qualified Withholding Certificate
at or before such time, then the amount to be withheld and transferred to the ITA from the amounts payable to such Payee, shall be calculated
according to the applicable withholding rate as shall be determined by the Paying Agent in accordance with the Applicable Law, and calculated
in NIS based on a US$:NIS exchange rateknown on the date the payment is actually made to such recipient. Such amount shall be delivered
or caused to be delivered to the ITA by the Paying Agent, and the Paying Agent shall release to such Payee the balance of the amount
due to such Payee that is not so withheld, and the Paying Agent shall provide the Payee with a confirmation, issued by the applicable
Governmental Authority, of the withholding amount and the timely remittance thereof. In the event that the Paying Agent receives a demand
from the ITA to withhold any amount out of the consideration payable to any of the Sellers and transfer it to the ITA prior to the Withholding
Drop Date, Acquirer or the Paying Agent (1) shall notify such Seller of such matter promptly after receipt of such demand, and provide
such Seller within reasonable time (but in no event less than 21 days, unless otherwise explicitly required by the ITA or under any applicable
Law) to attempt to delay such requirement or extend the period for complying with such requirement as evidenced by a written certificate,
ruling or confirmation from the ITA, and (2) to the extent that any such certificate, ruling or confirmation is not timely provided by
such Seller to the Paying Agent, transfer to the ITA any amount so demanded, and such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this
Agreement as having been delivered and paid to such Seller.

3

1.8 Rights
Not Transferable. The rights of the Sellers as of immediately prior to the Closing are personal to each such Seller and shall not
be transferable for any reason otherwise than by operation of law, will or the laws of descent and distribution or the Charter Documents.
Any attempted transfer of such right by any holder thereof (otherwise than as permitted by the immediately preceding sentence) shall
be null and void.

1.9 Further
Assurances. If, at any time before or after the Closing, any of the Acquirer or the Company believes or is advised that any further
instruments, deeds, assignments or assurances are necessary or desirable to consummate the Transactions or to carry out the purposes
and intent of this Agreement at or after the Closing, then Acquirer, the Company, the Sellers and their respective Affiliates, officers
and directors, as applicable, shall execute and deliver all such proper deeds, assignments, instruments and assurances and do all other
things necessary or desirable to consummate the Transactions and to otherwise carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement so
long as such action is not inconsistent with this Agreement.

1.10 Spreadsheet.
Prior to the Closing, the Company shall prepare and delivered to Acquirer a final form of the Spreadsheet (including, such supporting
documentation, information and calculations as reasonably requested by Acquirer to verify and determine the calculations, amounts and
other matters set forth in the Spreadsheet, including any Leakage if applicable).

1.11
No Leakage.

(a) The
Company and each Seller hereby undertakes to the Acquirer that, between the Locked Box Date and the Closing Date, neither they nor any
of their Affiliates has received or will receive any payment or other transfer of value constituting Leakage, other than payments in
respect of Permitted Leakage, and undertake that the Company has not made nor will make any such payment or transfer.

(b)
In the event of any breach of the undertaking given pursuant to Section 1.11(a)
not taken into account in the calculation of the
Closing Payment, each of the relevant Sellers shall indemnify and hold the Acquirer harmless for and from any such Leakage (other than
Permitted Leakage). This indemnification will be by way of a reduction in the consideration set out in this Agreement or in accordance
with the provisions of Article 11 as applicable, and in any case does not exceed it.

1.12 Outstanding
Loan and Lien.

(a) At
the Closing, an amount of NIS 400,000 out of the Closing Payment shall be allocated to the Loan (as defined below). For the purposes
of this Section 1.2, the term Loan shall mean that certain loan agreement, dated March 16, 2023 which was assigned
prior to the Closing to Ari by the original lenders thereunder (the Outstanding Loan and the Loan Agreement).
As of the Closing, the Outstanding Loan shall be owned by the Acquirer as lender under and in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement.

(b) In
any event, at or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall cause the removal or submission of applicable duly executed forms for de-registration
of that certain lien registered at the Registrar as lien No. 1 (the Lien).

Article
2

CLOSING
MATTERS

2.1 The
Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Closing shall take place simultaneously with the satisfaction
or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in Article 8 and Article 10 (excluding conditions that, by their terms, are
intended to be satisfied only at the Closing, virtually by the electronic exchange of signature pages, or such other time, date or place
as agreed to in writing by Acquirer and the Company. All deliveries to be made or other actions to be taken at the Closing shall be deemed
to occur simultaneously, and no such delivery or action shall be deemed complete until all such deliveries and actions have been completed
or the relevant parties have agreed to waive such delivery or action.

4

2.2
Prior Conditional Closing. For removal of doubt, it is specifically acknowledged that Closing is conditional, inter alia,
on the execution of two additional agreements by the parties until the Closing that are an integral part of this Agreement: (a) the Sellers
Employment Agreement, and (b) an Option Agreement as part of the Acquirer Incentive Plan (including an Israeli Appendix) which regulates
the receipt of the Sellers Incentive Securities and incentive securities to Company Optionholders (amounting together to an aggregate
number of 5,745,000 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Acquirer under terms to be agreed) (the Binding Agreements).

2.3 Payment
Procedures.

(a) At
least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date the Sellers and the Company shall prepare in good faith and deliver to the Acquirer
a Spreadsheet dated as of the Closing (the Closing Spreadsheet or Spreadsheet), setting forth
(together with any other information required to be included), as of the Closing Date:

(i) any
Leakage (and Permitted Leakage) made or expected to be made from the Locked Box Date until the Closing;

(ii) calculation
of the Closing Payment;

(iii) the
capitalization table of the Company, as of immediately prior to the Closing;

(iv) the
amount in cash and any Stock Consideration (if applicable) to be paid to each Seller at the Closing and wiring instructions with respect
to each Seller; and

(v) the
amount to be paid for the purchase of the Outstanding Loan.

(vi) The
Founders Bonus, to the extent paid.

(b) The
Closing Spreadsheet shall include reasonable detail as to the calculations set forth therein. For the purpose of allowing the Acquirer
to review the Closing Spreadsheet, the Sellers and the Company shall make available to the Acquirer reasonable access to the books, records
and relevant employees of the Company and the auditors of the Company (including their working papers).

(c) On
the Closing, Acquirer shall (i) deposit the Closing Payment, with a reputable Israeli company providing paying agent services whose identity
is agreed by the Acquirer and the Company or such other bank or trust company as mutually reasonably agreed by Acquirer and Company (the
Paying Agent), and (ii) instruct the Paying Agent to (A) pay by wire transfer of same-day funds (net of any withholding
amounts pursuant to Article 1, if applicable) the amount of cash to which each applicable Seller is entitled pursuant to the Closing
Spreadsheet; and/or (B) deliver to each applicable Seller such portion of Stock Consideration (if required by the Paying Agent, after
receipt of evidence of payment of applicable Israeli Taxes or receipt of a Qualified Tax Withholding Certificate) pursuant to the Closing
Spreadsheet; in each case after such Seller submits a Shareholder Letter of Transmittal and all Certificates (or an affidavit of loss
in respect of such Certificates pursuant to Section 2.2(g)) to the Paying Agent or to the Acquirer. For avoidance of doubt,
the Paying Agent will not be required to pay any amount of cash or transfer and deliver any part of Stock Consideration (if any) payable
to the applicable Seller unless such Seller has submitted a Shareholder Letter of Transmittal. Exchange Procedures. As soon as
commercially practicable, Acquirer shall cause the Paying Agent to mail or otherwise deliver to the applicable Seller, to the address
set forth opposite such Sellers name on the Spreadsheet, a shareholder letter of transmittal in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
D (the Shareholder Letter of Transmittal). Upon receipt by the Paying Agent of a Certificate (or an affidavit
of loss in respect of such Certificate pursuant to Section 2.2(g)), together with a duly completed and executed Shareholder Letter
of Transmittal and such other documents required in accordance with the Shareholder Letter of Transmittal, the applicable Seller shall
be entitled to receive from the Paying Agent, the amount payable pursuant to Section 2.2(a) in respect of the total number of
Company Shares represented by the Certificate. Any Certificate so surrendered shall be cancelled. Until properly surrendered, after or
simultaneously with the Closing, each Certificate will be deemed, for all corporate purposes thereafter, to evidence only the right to
receive the amount payable pursuant to Section 2.2(a) in respect of the total number of Company Shares represented by such Certificate.
No portion of the Consideration shall be paid to any Seller unless and until the holder of record of such Certificate shall have surrendered
such Certificate (or delivered an affidavit of loss in respect of such Certificate pursuant to Section 2.2(g)) and delivered to
the Paying Agent a duly completed Shareholder Letter of Transmittal and such other documents required in accordance with the Shareholder
Letter of Transmittal. No interest will accrue on any amounts of the Consideration.

5

(d) Transfers
of Ownership. If any cash amount payable pursuant to Section 1.2 is to be paid to a Person other than the Person to which
the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it shall be a condition of the payment thereof that the Certificate so
surrendered shall be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the Person requesting such exchange shall have
paid to Acquirer or any agent designated by it any transfer Taxes or other Taxes required by reason of the payment of cash in any name
other than that of the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or established to the satisfaction of Acquirer or any agent
designated by it that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.

(e) No
Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither the Payor nor any party hereto shall be liable to any
Person for any amount duly paid to a Governmental Authority pursuant to any Applicable Law.

(f) Allocation
of Closing Payment. The Closing Payment shall be paid to the Sellers in accordance with the allocations set forth under the Spreadsheet.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each Payor shall be entitled to rely entirely upon the Spreadsheet in connection with
the making of the payments pursuant to this Agreement and no Payor shall have any responsibility or liability with respect to such allocation,
or payment made in accordance therewith.

(g) No
Further Rights in Company Shares. The applicable portion of the Consideration paid (or payable) in respect of the Acquired Shares
to be assigned and transferred hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of
all rights pertaining to such Acquired Shares.

(h) Lost,
Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Paying Agent shall
issue in exchange for such Certificate, following the making of an affidavit of that fact by the record holder thereof, such cash as
may be required pursuant to this Section 2.3 in respect of such Certificate; provided that Acquirer or the Paying Agent
may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the record holder of such Certificate to execute
an indemnification agreement, in reasonable form and subject to customary terms and conditions, to Acquirer as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against Acquirer, the Paying Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, representatives or agents with respect
to such Certificate.

Article
3

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Subject
to the exceptions set forth in the Disclosure Schedule of the Company addressed to Acquirer, to be delivered to Acquirer within five
(5) Business Days from the execution of this Agreement (the Company Disclosure Schedule) referencing a representation
or warranty herein (unless the relevance to other representations and warranties can be reasonably apparent), and each of which exceptions
shall also be deemed to be representations and warranties made by the Company under this Article 3), the Company represents and
warrants to Acquirer as follows:

3.1 Organization
and Good Standing. The Company is a company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Israel. The Company
is not a breaching company (within the meaning of Section 362A of the Israeli Companies Law), nor has it received any written
notice or warning from the Registrar regarding the intention thereof to declare the Company as such. The Company has the requisite corporate
power to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on the Company Business. The Company is duly qualified or licensed
to do business and in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the character or location of its assets or
properties or the nature of its business make such qualification or license necessary to the Company Business, except where the failure
to be so qualified or licensed would not have a Material Adverse Change. A list of the jurisdictions in which the Company is so qualified
is set forth in Section 3.1 of the Disclosure Schedule. The Company has delivered to Acquirer complete and correct copies of its
Charter Documents as amended through (and including) the date of this Agreement. All such Charter Documents of the Company are in full
force and effect, and the Company is not in material default (with or without notice or the lapse of time, or both) under, or in material
breach or violation of, any provision of the respective Charter Documents. The Company has made available to Acquirer complete and correct
copies of the minutes of all meetings of the shareholders of the Company, all meetings of the Board of the Company and all meetings of
each committee of the board of directors (or comparable governing bodies) of the Company, as required by it. The annual fees and annual
reports of the Company payable or due to the Registrar have been duly paid or filed to date.

6

3.2 Subsidiaries.
The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest or any other right in any other corporation, association, or
other business entity.

3.3 Power,
Authorization and Validity.

(a) Power
and Authority; Enforceability. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform
its obligations under the Transaction Documents and to consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents
and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all corporate action on the part of the Company, its directors
and shareholders, to the extent required under any Applicable Law or the Charter Documents. This Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, when executed by the Company, will have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and will constitute the valid and
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms subject only to the effect,
if any, of (i) applicable bankruptcy and other similar Applicable Law affecting the rights of creditors generally and (ii) rules of law
governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies.

(b) Board
Approval. Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, the Board Resolutions approved this Agreement, the Transactions
and the other matters set forth in the Board Resolutions in accordance with any applicable provisions of Israeli Law and the Charter
Documents.

(c) Company
Shareholders Approval. Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, the requisite majority of the Company Shareholders,
by the Company Shareholders Resolution, have approved this Agreement, the Transactions and the other matters set forth in the
Company Shareholders Resolutions in accordance with any applicable provisions of Israeli Law, the Charter Documents and any or
any Contract to which the Company or the Company Shareholders are a party.

(d) No
Consents. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the Transactions do not and
will not require the consent, approval, Order or authorization by, release or waiver of, or registration, qualification, declaration
or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, on the part of the Company, except any filings required
to be made to the Registrar.

3.4 Capitalization
of the Company.

(a) The
authorized capital of the Company is NIS 10,000, divided into 10,000,000 Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 0.01 each. There are no Company
Shares owned by the Company or in the Companys treasury. Section 3.4(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth,
as of the Effective Date, a true, correct and complete table of all of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company on a fully
diluted basis (the Capitalization Table). The Capitalization Table accurately sets forth the information required
to be set forth therein, after giving effect to all anti-dilution and similar adjustments in accordance with the Charter Documents or
any Contract to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound. All issued and outstanding shares of Company Share Capital
have been, and any Company Shares heretofore issued is or will be, prior to the Closing, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable and free and clear of any and all Encumbrances, outstanding subscriptions, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal
or put or call rights created by Applicable Law, the Charter Documents or any Contract to which the Company
or the Company Shareholders is each a party, or by which the Company (or any of its assets), or the Company Shareholders is each bound.
All issued and outstanding Company Securities were issued in compliance with all Applicable Law and all requirements set forth in the
Charter Documents and any applicable Contracts to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or any of its applicable assets
is bound. There is no outstanding Liability for dividends accrued and unpaid by the Company. No issued and outstanding Company Security
is subject to repurchase or redemption (contingent or otherwise). The Company is not under any obligation to register under the Securities
Act, applicable Israeli securities laws or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, any other Applicable Law or blue
sky laws, any shares of Company Share Capital or any other Company Securities.

(b) Section
3.4(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the Effective Date, a true, correct and complete list of all holders
of outstanding Company Options and Company Promised Options, including (i) the name of each such holder and his or her state or country
of residence, (ii) the number and type of Company Shares subject to each Company Option or Company Promised Option, as the case may be,
(iii) the number of such shares that are vested or unvested, (iv) the date of grant of such Company Option or Company promised
Option, as the case may be, (v) the vesting commencement date, the vesting schedule (and the terms of any acceleration thereof), (vi)
the exercise price per share, (vii) the expiration date, (viii) whether each such Company Option or Company promised Option, as the case
may be, was granted and is subject to Tax pursuant to Section 3(i) or Section 102 of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance, (ix) confirmation
that each such grant was properly accounted for in accordance with GAAP in the financial statements (including the related notes) of
the Company and (x) with respect to any holder of Company Options or Company Promised Option that is a U.S. Person (as
defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), (x) whether such Company Option or Company promised Option, as the case may be, is an
incentive stock option or a non-qualified stock option with respect to such holder and (y) confirmation that the per share exercise price
of each Company Option was no less than the fair market value (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, in the case of each Company
Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option, and within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, in the case
of each other Company Option). In addition, Section 3.4(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule indicates which holders of outstanding
Company Options are not employees of the Company (including non-employee directors, contractors, vendors, service providers or other
similar Persons), including a description of the relationship between each such Person and the Company.

7

(c) There
are no outstanding share appreciation rights or other rights issued by the Company that are linked in any way to the value of the Company
or any part thereof.

(d) Except
as set forth on the Capitalization Table and in the Charter Documents, there are no outstanding share capital, securities that are convertible
or exercisable into, or exchangeable for, shares of the Company or any other rights to acquire such share capital or securities (all
of the above, Company Securities), or options, warrants, rights (including conversion, preemptive rights, rights
of first refusal or similar rights) or any Contract for the purchase or acquisition of any Company Securities or that could require the
Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of the Sellers to issue, sell, transfer, or otherwise cause to be outstanding any Company
Securities. There are no outstanding or authorized share appreciation, phantom share, profit participation, or other similar rights with
respect to which the Company is obligated. Except as set forth on Section 3.4(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and to the
Companys knowledge, no Company Securities are held in escrow and there are no voting trusts, proxies, or other agreements or understandings
with respect to the holding in trust of, or with respect to the voting rights attached to, the Company Securities, and other than the
Charter Documents, there are no Contracts to which the Company is a party relating to the registration, sale or transfer (including agreements
relating to rights of first refusal, preemptive rights, co-sale rights or drag-along rights) of any Company Securities,
or Contracts that may limit the transfer of Company Securities. As a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, as of and subject to the Closing, Acquirer will be the sole record and beneficial holder of all issued and outstanding Company
Shares and all rights to acquire or receive any Company Shares, whether or not such Company Shares are outstanding.

(e) The
Company Shareholders and the Company have entered or, prior to the Closing, will enter into agreements terminating, or have validly consented
to the termination of, effective as of the Closing, any agreements granting management, board observation or information rights to such
holders (to the extent such agreements will not terminate in accordance with their terms and without any action on the part of any party
thereto or any other Person upon the consummation of the Transactions). The shareholders agreement existing between the Sellers
and other Company Shareholders who are not parties to this Agreement shall, by the Closing, be terminated upon satisfaction of the condition
set forth in Section 8.4.

(f) Except
as set forth in Section 3.4(f) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company has not entered into or approved any equity-related bonus
arrangement that would be triggered in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation by the Company of the Transactions.

3.5 No
Conflict. Except as set forth of in Section 3.5 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance
of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation of the Transactions on part of the Company do not and will not (i) result
in any conflict with, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a termination, acceleration, cancellation, breach, impairment
or violation of, constitute a default or give rise to the rights of others (including rights of termination, cancellation or acceleration)
under: (a) the Charter Documents, (b) any judgment, injunction, order, writ, decree or ruling of any court or other Governmental Authority,
(c) any Applicable Law, or (d) any Company Material Contract; or (ii) result in the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the assets,
properties or rights of the Company or the suspension, revocation, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit or license applicable to the
Company.

3.6 Litigation.
Except as set forth on Section 3.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no Action pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened, against the Company or any of its respective assets or properties (or, to the knowledge of the Company, against any officer,
director, employee, consultant, contractor or agent of the Company in its capacity as such), or to which the Company is otherwise party
(or to the knowledge of the Company, otherwise affecting the Company), or that questions the validity of any of the Transaction Documents
or the right of the Company to enter into them or to consummate the Transactions. There are currently no outstanding claims, and to the
knowledge of the Company, there is no basis for any claim, for indemnification by the Company of any director or officer of the Company
or of any other Person. There is no Order outstanding against the Company or any of its respective assets or properties (or, to the knowledge
of the Company, against any officer, director, employee, consultant, contractor or agent of the Company in its capacity as such), or,
to the knowledge of the Company, that is otherwise materially applicable to, or materially affects the Company. There is no Action by
the Company pending or which the Company intends to initiate.

8

3.7 Taxes.

(a) Except
as set forth on Section 3.7(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has (i) properly completed and timely filed (taking
into account any valid extensions of time) with the appropriate Tax Authorities all Tax Returns required to be filed by it prior to the
Closing Date, (ii) has timely paid all Taxes required to be paid by it (whether or not shown on any Tax Return), and (iii) has no Liability
for Taxes in excess of the amounts so paid. All such Tax Returns were complete and accurate in all respects and have been prepared in
compliance with Applicable Law. There is no claim for Taxes that has resulted in an Encumbrance against any of the assets of the Company.

(b) The
Company has delivered to Acquirer true, correct and complete copies of all Tax Returns, examination reports and statements of deficiencies,
adjustments and proposed deficiencies and adjustments in respect of the Company.

(c) The
Company Balance Sheet reflects all Liabilities for unpaid Taxes of the Company for periods (or portions of periods) through the Company
Balance Sheet Date. The Company does not have any Liability for unpaid Taxes accruing after the Company Balance Sheet Date except for
Taxes arising in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice following the Company Balance Sheet Date.

(d) To
the Companys knowledge, no Tax Return of the Company has ever been examined or audited by any Governmental Authority. The Company
has not received from any Governmental Authority any: (i) written notice indicating an intent to open a Tax audit or other review; (ii)
written request for information related to Tax matters; or (iii) written notice of deficiency or proposed Tax adjustment. No written
claim or legal proceeding is pending or threatened against the Company in respect of any Tax. There are no liens for Taxes upon any of
the assets of the Company except liens for current Taxes not yet due and payable. Except as set forth in Section 3.7(d) of the Disclosure
Schedule, no power of attorney that is currently in force has been granted with respect to any matter relating to Taxes that could
affect the Company.

(e) There
is (i) no pending procedure, proceeding or contest of any refund or deficiency in respect of material Taxes pending or on appeal with
any Governmental Authority, (ii) no extension of any statute of limitations on the assessment of any material Taxes granted by the Company
currently in effect and (iii) no agreement to any extension of time for filing any material Tax Return that has not been filed.

(f) the
Company has complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes from payments
made or deemed made to any Person and have duly and timely withheld and paid over to the appropriate Tax Authority all amounts required
to be so withheld and paid under all Applicable Laws. The Company is in compliance with, and its records contain all information and
documents necessary to comply with, in all material respects, all applicable information reporting and withholding requirements under
all applicable Tax laws.

(g) the
Company is duly registered for the purposes of Israeli value added tax and has complied in all respects with all requirements concerning
value added Taxes (VAT). The Company (i) has not made any exempt transactions (as defined in the Israel Value Added
Tax Law, 1975) and there are no circumstances by reason of which there might not be an entitlement to full credit of all VAT chargeable
or paid on inputs, supplies, and other transactions and imports made by it, (ii) has collected and timely remitted to the relevant Tax
Authority all output VAT which it is required to collect and remit under any Applicable Law and (iii) has not received a refund for input
VAT for which it is not entitled under any Applicable Law.

9

(h) the
prices and terms for the provision of any property or services by or to the Company are at arms length and all related documentation
if required by such Applicable Laws has been timely prepared or obtained and, if necessary, retained.

(i) neither
the Company nor any Seller is subject to any restrictions or limitations pursuant to Part E2 of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance or pursuant
to any Tax ruling made with reference to the provisions of Part E2.

(j) to
the knowledge of the Company, the Company does not and has never participated or engaged in, without timely reporting to the Israeli
Tax Authority, any transaction listed in Section 131(g) of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance and the Israeli Income Tax Regulations (Reportable
Tax Planning), 5767-2006 promulgated thereunder. The Company does not and has never taken a Tax position that is subject to reporting
under Section 131E of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance without timely and properly reporting such Tax position, to the Israeli Tax Authority.
The Company has never obtained a Tax opinion that is subject to reporting under Section 131D of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance without
timely and properly reporting such Tax opinion, to the Israeli Tax Authority.

(k) the
Company is not and has never been a real property corporation (Igud Mekarkein) within the meaning of this term under Section
1 of the Israeli Land Taxation Law (Appreciation and Acquisition), 5723-1963.

(l) to
the knowledge of the Company, the Company is not or has never been subject to Tax in any country other than its country of incorporation
by virtue of being treated as a resident of or having a permanent establishment (as defined in an applicable double taxation treaty)
or other place of business in that country. No claim has ever been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company
does not file Tax Returns that the Company is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

(m) the
Company is not or has never benefited from Approved Enterprise, Benefitted Enterprise or Preferred
Enterprise status under the Israeli Law for Encouragement of Capital Investments, 1959.

(n) the
Company has never received any taxation decision (hachlatat misui) from the ITA.

3.8 Company
Financial Statements; No Undisclosed Liabilities.

(a) The
Company has delivered to Acquirer its audited financial statements for 2023 (including, in each case, balance sheets, statements of operations
and statements of cash flows) (collectively, together with the audited financial statements that will be provided to the Acquirer prior
to the Closing, the Financial Statements). The Financial Statements (i) were prepared, in all material respects,
in accordance with the books and records of the Company as of their respective dates, (ii) complied with applicable accounting requirements
with respect thereto as of their respective dates, (iii) fairly and accurately present, in all material respects, the financial condition
of the Company at the dates therein indicated and the results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the periods therein specified
(subject, in the case of unaudited interim period financial statements, to normal recurring year-end audit adjustments), (iv) the copies
of the Financial Statements provided to the Acquirer are true, correct and complete, and (v) were prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied
on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved. The transactions entered in the Financial Statements represent bona fide transactions,
and the revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities of the Company have been properly recorded therein in all material respects.

10

(b) Except
as set forth in the Financial Statements, the Company does not have any Liability other than (i) those set forth or provided for in the
balance sheet included in the Companys last unaudited quarterly financial statements prior to the Effective Date (such date, the
Company Balance Sheet Date and such balance sheet, the Company Balance Sheet), and (ii) those
incurred since the Company Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business and, individually or in the aggregate, are not material
in nature or amount. Except for Liabilities reflected in the Financial Statements, the Company has no material off-balance sheet Liability
of any nature to, or any financial interest in, any third parties or entities, the purpose or effect of which is to defer, postpone,
reduce or otherwise avoid or adjust the recording of expenses incurred by the Company. All reserves that are set forth in or reflected
in the Company Balance Sheet have been established in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company is not under an obligation to guarantee any debt or other obligation of any other Person.

(c) Section
3.8(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the names and locations of all banks and other financial institutions at
which the Company maintains accounts and the names of all Persons authorized to make withdrawals therefrom.

(d) The
accounts receivable of the Company (the Accounts Receivable) as reflected on the Company Balance Sheet arose in
the ordinary course of business and represent bona fide claims against debtors for sales and other charges and have been collected or
are collectible in the book amounts thereof. Allowances for doubtful accounts and warranty returns have been prepared in accordance with
GAAP consistently applied and in accordance with the Companys past practice and are sufficient to provide for any losses that
may be sustained on realization of the applicable Accounts Receivable. The Accounts Receivable arising after the Company Balance Sheet
Date and before the Closing Date, (i) arose or shall arise in the ordinary course of business, (ii) represented or shall represent bona
fide claims against debtors for sales and other charges and (iii) have been collected or are collectible in the book amounts thereof.
To the knowledge of the Company, none of the Accounts Receivable is subject to any claim of offset, recoupment, set-off or counterclaim
and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no facts or circumstances (whether asserted or un-asserted) that could give rise to any
such claim. No amount of Accounts Receivable is contingent upon the performance by the Company of any obligation or Contract other than
warranty. No Person has any Encumbrance on any Accounts Receivable as of the Effective Date. No agreement for deduction or discount has
been made with respect to any Accounts Receivable. Section 3.8(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of thirty (30) days
prior to the Effective Date, an aging of the Accounts Receivable in the aggregate, and indicates the amounts of allowances for doubtful
accounts and warranty returns. In addition, Section 3.8(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of thirty (30) days
prior to the Effective Date, such amounts of Accounts Receivable that are subject to asserted warranty claims by customers.

(e) Neither
the Company, the Companys independent auditors nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any current or former employee, consultant
or director of the Company, has identified or been made aware of any fraud, whether or not material, that involves the management, or
other current or former employees, consultants or directors of the Company who have a role in the preparation of financial statements
or the internal accounting controls utilized by the Company, or any claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing. Neither the Company
nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any Company representative has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any complaint,
allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, in each case, regarding deficient accounting or auditing practices, procedures,
methodologies or methods of the Company or its or their internal accounting controls or any material inaccuracy in the financial statements
of the Company, as the case may be.

(f) Except
as set forth in the Financial Statements, the Company does not have any Liability other than (i) those set forth or provided for in the
Company Balance Sheet, (ii) Liabilities who are not required to be set forth in the Financial Statement under the accounting principles
under which they were prepared, and (iii) those incurred since the Company Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business and,
individually or in the aggregate, are not material in nature or amount. There are no undisclosed liabilities of any nature, whether accrued,
absolute, contingent, or otherwise, and whether due or to become due, that are not reflected or reserved against in the Financial Statements.

11

3.9 Absence
of Certain Changes or Events.

(a) Since
January 1, 2024 (the Last Audited Statements Date), the Company has conducted the Company Business only in the ordinary
course and only in a manner consistent with past practice, and since the Last Audited Statements Date, there has not been, except as
set forth in Section 3.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule: (i) any Company Material Adverse Change, (ii) any declaration, setting
aside or payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of the Company Share Capital
or any purchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Company of any of the share capital of the Company or of any options, warrants,
calls or rights to acquire any share capital of the Company, (iii) any split, combination or reclassification of any share capital of
the Company or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution
for any share capital of the Company, (iv)(A)(1) any grant by the Company of any loan or increase in compensation, perquisites or benefits
or any bonus or award opportunity or (2) any payment by the Company of any bonus or award, in each case to any current or former director,
officer, manager, employee, independent contractor or consultant of the Company (each, a Participant), (B) any grant
by the Company to any Participant of any change of control, retention, severance, separation, termination or similar compensation or
benefits, or any increase thereof, (C) any entry by the Company into, any amendment of or modification to, or any agreement to amend
or modify (or announcement of an intention to amend or modify), or any termination of (1) any employment, bonus, deferred compensation,
company option, equity appreciation right, performance unit, restricted stock unit, restricted share, profits interest, other equity
or equity-based award, change of control, retention, severance, separation, termination, employee benefit, loan, indemnification, equity
repurchase, consulting or similar Contract between the Company, on the one hand, and any Participant, on the other hand, (2) any Contract
between the Company, on the one hand, and any Participant, on the other hand, the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of which
are altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction involving the Company of the nature contemplated by this Agreement (alone or in combination
with any other event), (3) any Contract between the Company, on the one hand, and any Participant, on the other hand, concerning non-competition,
non-solicitation of Customers or employees, non-disclosure of information, ownership of IP rights or any other restrictive covenant or
(4) any trust or insurance Contract or other agreement to fund or otherwise secure payment of any compensation or benefit to be provided
to or in respect of any Participant (all such Contracts under this clause (C), collectively, Benefit Agreements),
(D) any payment to any Participant of any compensation or benefit not provided for under any benefit plan or Benefit Agreement, other
than the payment of normal cash compensation in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (E) any other grant by
the Company of any awards or rights under any benefit plan or Benefit Agreement (including the grant of Company Options, equity appreciation
rights, performance units, restricted equity units, restricted shares or other equity or equity-based awards, or the removal of existing
restrictions in any Contract, benefit plan or Benefit Agreement or awards made thereunder), (v) any material damage, destruction or loss,
whether or not covered by insurance, that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Change, (vi) any change in financial or Tax accounting methods, principles or practices by the Company, except insofar
as may have been required by applicable Legal Requirement or a change in GAAP, (vii) any material Tax election or change in material
Tax election or any settlement or compromise of any Tax liability or any Tax ruling applied for, negotiated or received by the Company
from the ITA or any other Governmental Authority; an amendment of a Tax Return; any Tax petition, Tax complaint or administrative Tax
appeal filed; any right to claim a Tax Refund surrendered or foregone; or any extension or waiver of the statute of limitations period
applicable to any Tax claim or assessment consented to, and (viii) application or negotiation for, or receipt of, a Government Grant.

(b) Since
the Last Audited Statements Date, the Company has continued all pricing, sales, receivables, and payables practices in accordance with
GAAP and in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and has not engaged in (i) any trade loading practices or any
other promotional sales or discount activity with any Customers or distributors with the effect of accelerating to pre-Closing periods
sales to the trade or otherwise that would otherwise be expected (based on past practice) to occur in post-Closing periods, (ii) any
practice which would have the effect of accelerating to pre-Closing periods collections of receivables that would otherwise be expected
(based on past practice) to be made in post-Closing periods, (iii) any practice which would have the effect of postponing to post-Closing
periods payments by the Company that would otherwise be expected (based on past practice) to be made in pre-Closing periods or (iv) any
other promotional sales, discount activity or deferred revenue activity, in each case in this clause (iv) in a manner outside the ordinary
course of business or inconsistent with past practice or contrary to generally accepted industry practices. Since the Last Audited Statements
Date, all software revenue recognized through resellers relates to software that has been installed with end users and there are no rights
of return or any other refund provisions related to these sales.

(c)
Since the Last Audited Statements Date, the Company has invested and made expenditures, including with respect to sales, marketing and
development activities, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice of the Company.

12

3.10 Title
to, Condition and Sufficiency of Assets; Real Property. The Company has good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold interest
in, all of its tangible properties, and interests in tangible properties and assets, real and personal, which are material to the Company
Business, reflected on the Company Balance Sheet or acquired after the Company Balance Sheet Date (except tangible properties and assets,
or interests in tangible properties and assets, sold or otherwise disposed of since the Company Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course
of business), or, with respect to leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in such properties and assets that afford the
Company, as applicable, valid leasehold possession of the properties and assets that are the subject of such leases, in each case, free
and clear of all Encumbrances, except Permitted Encumbrances.

(a) The
assets and properties owned by the Company constitute all of the assets and properties that are material for the Company to conduct and
operate the Company Business.

(b) (i)
All tangible assets owned or leased by the Company are in the possession of the Company and, as applicable with respect to leased assets,
at the Leased Real Property. Such tangible assets are in reasonable operating condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear and depreciation
excepted) and are suitable for the use to which they are intended.

(c) Section
3.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies each real property or facility that is currently being leased by the Company (Leased
Real Property). The Company has provided to Acquirer true, correct and complete copies of all leases, subleases and other
agreements under which the Company uses or occupies or has the right to use or occupy, now or in the future, any Leased Real Property,
including all modifications, amendments and supplements thereto. The Company does not own any real property. With respect to the Leased
Real Property (i) the possession and quiet enjoyment of the Company of the Leased Real Property has not been disturbed and there are
no disputes with respect to such Leased Real Property, (ii) no security deposit or portion thereof deposited with respect to such Leased
Real Property has been exercised in respect of a breach of or default under the lease of such Leased Real Property that has not been
re-deposited in full and (iii) the Company does not owe any brokerage commissions or finders fees with respect to such Leased
Real Property. The physical condition of the Leased Real Property is free from any material defect and sufficient to permit the Company
to conduct the Company Business, subject to the provision of usual and customary maintenance and repair performed in the ordinary course
of business. The company does not own any real estate assets.

3.11 Intellectual
Property.

(a) Other
than as set forth under Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company (i) owns or (ii) has the valid right or
license to use, and, to the extent that it does any of the following, to develop, make, have made, offer for sale, sell, import, copy,
modify, create derivative works of, distribute, license, and dispose of all Company IP. Company IP means all Company-Owned
IP and all other Intellectual Property used in the conduct of the Company Business. The Company IP is sufficient for the conduct of the
Company Business. As used in this Agreement, Company-Owned IP means Intellectual Property that the Company owns
or purports to own or is exclusively licensed to the Company.

(b) Other
than as set forth under Section 3.11(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the best knowledge of the Company, there is no
unauthorized use, disclosure, infringement or misappropriation of any Company IP by any third party, including any employee or former
employee of the Company.

(c) To
the best knowledge of the Company, neither the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents, nor the consummation
of the Transactions will: (i) constitute a breach of or default under any instrument, license or other Contract pursuant to which the
Company grants to any third party any rights in, to, or under any Company IP (the Outbound Company IP Agreements)
or pursuant to which the Company receives licenses in, to, or under any third-party Intellectual Property Rights or to use any third-party
Technology (the Inbound Company IP Agreements), (ii) cause the forfeiture or termination of, or give rise to a right
of forfeiture or termination of, any Company IP, or (iii) impair the right of the Company to use, develop, make, have made, offer for
sale, sell, import, copy, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, license, or dispose of any Company IP or portion thereof. There
are no royalties, honoraria, fees or other payments payable by the Company to any third Person as a result of the use, license-in, manufacture,
sale, offering for sale, copying, distribution, or disposition of any Company IP by the Company and none shall become payable as a result
of the consummation of the Transactions. After the Closing, all Company-Owned IP will be fully transferable, alienable or licensable
by the Company and Acquirer (after assigned to Acquirer) without restriction and without payment of any kind to any third party. Other
than pursuant to Outbound Company IP Agreements, all of which are identified in Section 3.11(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the Company has never authorized or granted to any third party any rights to use or otherwise exploit any of the Company-Owned IP.

(d) Section
3.11(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list (by name and version number) of each of the products and services currently
produced, manufactured, marketed, licensed, sold, or distributed by the Company and each product and service currently under development
by the Company (each, a Company Product or Service). Neither the operation of the Company Business nor the use,
development, manufacture, marketing, licensing, sale, offering for sale, distribution, or intended use of any Company Product or Service
(i) has materially violated or violates any Inbound Company IP Agreements, or (ii) directly or indirectly (including via contribution
or inducement) has infringed or misappropriated, infringes or misappropriates or will infringe or misappropriate any Intellectual Property
of any other party. There is no pending, or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, claim or litigation contesting the validity,
enforceability, ownership or right of the Company to exercise any Company IP, nor to the knowledge of the Company, is there any legitimate
basis for any such claim, nor has the Company received any notice asserting that any Company IP or the proposed use, development, manufacture,
sale, offering for sale, licensing, or distribution thereof directly or indirectly (including via contribution or inducement) conflicts
with or infringes or shall conflict with or infringe the rights of any other party, nor to the knowledge of the Company, is there any
legitimate basis for any such assertion and the Company has never received any written notice or offer from any third party offering
a license under any patents.

(e) Other
than as set forth under Section 3.11(e) the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company IP, the Company Products or Services,
the Company is subject to any Action, Order, Contract or stipulation (i) restricting in any manner the use, distribution, transfer, or
licensing by the Company of any Company IP or any Company Product or Service, or which may affect the validity, use or enforceability
of any Company-Owned IP or (ii) restricting the conduct of the Company Business in order to accommodate Intellectual Property rights
of a third party.

13

(f) To
the knowledge of the Company, and other than as set forth under Section 3.11(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no current
or former employee, consultant or contractor of the Company: (i) has been or is in violation of any term or covenant of any employment
contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, nondisclosure agreement, noncompetition agreement or any other
Contract with any other party by virtue of such employees, consultants or contractors being employed by, or performing
services for, the Company or using trade secrets or proprietary information of others without permission, or (ii) has developed any Intellectual
Property for the Company or during a period of time during which they were working for the Company that is subject to any Contract under
which such employee, consultant or contractor has assigned or otherwise granted to any third party any rights (including Intellectual
Property Rights) in or to such Intellectual Property.

(g) The
Company has taken all reasonable steps to protect, preserve and maintain the secrecy and confidentiality of the Company IP and to preserve
and maintain all the Companys interests, proprietary rights and trade secrets in the Company IP. All current and former officers,
employees, consultants and contractors of the Company having access to proprietary information of the Company and to inventions owned
by the Company, have executed and delivered to the Company an agreement regarding the protection of such proprietary information. To
the best knowledge of the Company, there have been no breaches of such agreements. Other than as set forth under Section 3.11(g) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has obtained proprietary information and invention disclosure and assignment agreements,
substantially in the form provided to Acquirer, from all current and former employees, consultant and contractors of the Company, pursuant
to which: (i) the Company has obtained unencumbered, unrestricted and exclusive ownership of all Intellectual Property Rights therein;
and (ii) the assignee waived all right, title and interest in and to all Intellectual Property Rights therein. Other than as set forth
under Section 3.11(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no current or former employee, officer, director, consultant or contractor
of the Company has any right, license, claim or interest whatsoever in or with respect to any Company-Owned IP.

(h) Section
3.11(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list and description of all Technology developed or otherwise owned by a
third party that is incorporated into, integrated or bundled with, or used by the Company in the development, manufacture or compilation
of any of the Company Products or Services and the applicable Contract therefor.

(i) Section
3.11(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a true and complete list of all Israel, international and foreign (i) patents
and patent applications (including provisional applications), (ii) registered trademarks, applications to register trademarks, intent-to-use
applications, or other registrations or applications related to trademarks, (iii) registered Internet domain names, and (iv) any other
Intellectual Property that is, including in each case of (i) through (iv), the subject of an application, certificate, filing, registration
or other document issued, filed, or recorded by or with any Governmental Authority or quasi-governmental authority anywhere in the world,
including Internet domain name registries, which are owned by, registered or filed in the name of, the Company, and where applicable
the jurisdiction in which each of the items of the Company IP has been applied for, filed, issued or registered (collectively, the Company
Registered IP). All Company Registered IP are subsisting and, to the knowledge of the Company, valid and enforceable, and
the Company is the record owner thereof. Section 3.11(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of (A) all actions
that are required to be taken by the Company within six (6) months of the Effective Date with respect to any of the Company Registered
IP in order to avoid prejudice to, impairment or abandonment of such Company Registered IP and (B) all inter parties proceedings or actions
before any court or tribunal (including the United States Patent and Trademark Office or equivalent authority anywhere else in the world)
related to any of the Company IP. The Company is the exclusive owner of all trademarks and trade names used in connection with the operation
or conduct of the Company Business, including the sale, licensing, distribution or provision of any Company Products or Services by the
Company.

14

(j) The
Company owns all right, title and interest in and to all Company-Owned IP, free and clear of all Encumbrances and licenses, other than
licenses and rights listed in Section 3.11(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

(k) The
Company has not (i) granted any third-party exclusive rights to or under any Company-Owned IP or (ii) transferred ownership of any Intellectual
Property that is or was owned by the Company, to any third party.

(l) Other
than as set forth under Section 3.11(l) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no government funding or other incentives, facilities
or resources of a university, college, other educational institution or research center, or funding from third parties (other than funds
received in consideration for Company Share Capital) (Government Grant) was used in or received for the development
of the Company Products or Services or any Company-Owned IP and the Company has not requested to receive any such funding or incentives.

(m) Other
than as set forth under Section 3.11(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Open Source Materials have been incorporated into,
combined with or distributed with any Company Products or Services.

(n) The
Company is not or has never been a member or promoter of, or a contributor to, any industry standards body or any similar organization
that could require or obligate the Company to grant or offer to any other Person any license or right to any Company-Owned IP.

(o) The
Company has provided adequate notice of privacy practices in their privacy policy or policies, which policy or policies (and the periods
such policy or policies have been in effect) are set forth in Section 3.11(o) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. The Companys
privacy policies are available on the Internet websites owned, maintained or operated by the Company (collectively, the Company
Websites). The Companys privacy practices conform in all material respects to its privacy policies. The Company has
complied with all Applicable Law and its commitments under any Contract (Company Privacy Commitments), relating
to the collection, storage, access, receipt, holding, control, use, processing and transfer of any personal data (within
the meaning of Article 4(1) of the GDPR or Section 7 of the Israeli Protection of Privacy Law, 1981) and any other information that is
personal and identifiable (including in combination with other information available to the Company) and other end user or data subject
information, including employee data (collectively, Data). The Companys privacy policies conform in all material
respects to all of the Companys contractual commitments to third parties and the viewers of Company Websites. In addition, the
Company has provided adequate notice and obtained, or made reasonable effort to ensure the applicable controller obtained, any necessary
consents required for the collection, receipt, holding, access, maintaining, storage, processing, control or use of Data. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement will not cause, constitute, or result in a breach or violation of any Applicable Laws or Company
Privacy Commitments. As far as the Company transfers Data to countries other than Israel and/or EEA Member States it applies the relevant
legal requirements including Article 44 GDPR principles (as far as EEA data subjects are concerned). The Company Websites and all materials
distributed or marketed by the Company have at all times made all disclosures required by Applicable Law, and none of such disclosures
made or contained in any Company Website or in any such materials have been inaccurate, misleading or deceptive or in violation of any
Applicable Law. No claims have been asserted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened against the Company by any Person alleging
a violation of such Persons privacy, personal or confidentiality rights. With respect to all Data, the Company has taken all steps
reasonably necessary (including implementing industry standard compliance monitoring and technical, organizational and physical security)
to ensure that the Data is protected against loss and against unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or other misuse. To
the knowledge of the Company, there has been no unauthorized access to or other misuse of that information. Section 3.11(o) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule describes all of the Companys databases, as defined pursuant to the Israeli Protection of Privacy
Law, 1981, and whether such databases are registered with any Governmental Authority.

15

(p) The
Company represents and warrants that it is, and has at all times been, compliant in all material respects with the European Union Artificial
Intelligence Act (the EU AI Act) if and to the extent in effect and applicable to Company Business, including all
applicable provisions relating to the development, use, deployment, and sale of artificial intelligence systems. The Company further
represents that in all material respects: (i) any AI systems developed, used, or sold by the Company meet all relevant, in effect and
applicable requirements under the EU AI Act, including but not limited to requirements for risk assessment, transparency, accountability,
and accuracy, The Company has in place appropriate data governance policies to ensure the lawful collection, use, and processing of data
used by its AI systems, including compliance with applicable data protection and privacy regulations. To the best of the Companys
knowledge, no investigations, claims, or enforcement actions related to compliance with the EU AI Act are pending or threatened by any
regulatory body, and the Company has instituted reasonable policies and procedures to ensure ongoing compliance with the EU AI Act. The
Company agrees to notify the Acquirer promptly of any anticipated changes to its AI systems or AI-related policies that may materially
impact its compliance with the EU AI Act or any other applicable regulations concerning artificial intelligence.

3.12
Contracts, Agreements, Arrangements, Commitments and Undertakings. Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule set
forth a list, divided by the appropriate lettered and numbered sub section set forth below, of each of the following Contracts to which
the Company is a party or to which the Company or any of its respective assets or properties is bound (any Contract set forth or required
to be set forth in Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule pursuant to this Section 3.12, a Company Material
Contract):

(a) any
Contract providing for payments by the Company or to it individually in excess of US$20,000 or US$50,000 in the aggregate or more during
any twelve (12) month period;

(b) any
Contract that requires performance by it for more than one year from the date hereof and that is not terminable by the Company without
penalty on notice of thirty (30) days or less;

(c) any
indenture, mortgage, trust deed, promissory note, loan agreement, security agreement, guarantee or other Contract for or with respect
to the borrowing of money, a line of credit, any currency exchange, commodities or other hedging arrangement, or that evidences any Encumbrance
on assets, properties or rights, or that evidences a leasing transaction of a type required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP;

(d) any
Contract under which it leases any Leased Real Property;

(e) any
dealer, distributor, business partner, OEM (original equipment manufacturer), VAR (value added reseller), SI (system integrator), sales
representative or similar Contract under which any third party is authorized to sell, sublicense, lease, distribute, market or take orders
for any Company Product or Service or Company-Owned IP;

(f) any
joint venture, partnership, strategic alliance, teaming or similar Contract;

(g) save
for as restricted or limited under Applicable Law, any Contract materially restricting or limiting the ability of the Company to (i)
engage in any aspect of its business, (ii) participate or compete in any line of business or market, (iii) freely set prices for any
Company Product or Service or Company-Owned IP (including most favored customer pricing provisions), (iv) engage in any business in any
market or geographic area or that grants to any third party any exclusive distribution rights, rights of refusal or rights of first negotiation
with respect to any Company Product or Service or Company-Owned IP, or (v) provide products or services to or from any geographic area
(including any offshoring restrictions);

16

(h) any
(i) Outbound Company IP Agreement (other than Contracts for sales of a Company Product or Service in the ordinary course of business)
or (ii) Inbound Company IP Agreement (other than licenses of software generally available to the public);

(i) any
Contract providing for the development of Intellectual Property for (or for the benefit or use of) the Company;

(j) any
Contract providing for indemnification with respect to infringement of any third-party Intellectual Property Rights by the Company (other
than pursuant to an Outbound Company IP Agreement identified in Section 3.12(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or not required
to be identified therein);

(k) any
Contract of guarantee, financial support or assumption of the obligations, Liabilities, or debt of any other Person;

(l) (i)
any Contract for indemnity of any director or officer, or (ii) any Contract requiring the Company to make a payment to any director,
officer, employee, consultant or contractor of the Company on account of the Transactions or any Transaction Document;

(m) any
Contract with any labor union, works council, employee representation group or similar labor organization, or any collective bargaining
agreement;

(n) any
Contract in which the officers, directors, managers, employees, or shareholders of the Company is directly interested;

(o) any
Contract pursuant to which the Company has (i) acquired a business or Entity, or assets of a business or Entity, or (ii) disposed of
any material assets or properties, in each case whether by way of merger, consolidation, purchase of shares, purchase of assets or otherwise;

(p) any
Contract with a Governmental Authority; or

(q) any
Contract under which the Companys entering into this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions shall give rise to, or
trigger the application of, any rights of any third party or any obligations of the Company that would come into effect upon the consummation
of the Share Purchase;

(r) any
power of attorney other than routine powers of attorney relating to representation before any Governmental Authority.

(s) any
other Contract which the Company reasonably believes is material to the Company.

A
true and complete copy of each agreement or document required by these subsections (a)-(s) of this Section 3.12 to be listed on Section
3.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule has been delivered to Acquirer or its counsel.

17

3.13 No
Default; No Restrictions.

(a) The
Company has performed all of the material obligations required to be performed by it under each Company Material Contract to which it
is a party. To the knowledge of the Company, each of the Company Material Contracts is in full force and effect (except for any Company
Material Contract terminated in accordance with its terms), except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally, or (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable
remedies. The Company is not in any material breach, violation or default under any Material Contract, where such breach would result
in a Material Adverse Change on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company, taken as a whole. To the knowledge
of the Company, no other party to a Material Contract has materially breached, violated or defaulted under any Material Contract and,
to the knowledge of the Company, no circumstance exists that, with notice or lapse of time or both (including the Transactions), would
(i) constitute a default by any party thereto or (ii) give any third party (A) the right to declare a default or exercise any remedy
under any Company Material Contract, (B) the right to accelerate the maturity or performance of any obligation of the Company under any
Company Material Contract, or (C) the right to cancel, terminate or modify any Company Material Contract. The Company has never received
any written notice regarding any actual or possible violation or breach of or default under, or explicit intention to cancel, terminate
or modify, any Company Material Contract.

(b) Except
as listed in Section 3.13(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not a party to, and no asset or property of the Company
is bound or affected by, covenant or Contract (non-compete or otherwise) that restricts or prohibits, or purports to restrict or prohibit,
the Company or, following the Closing, Acquirer, from freely engaging in the Company Business or from competing anywhere in the world
(including any Orders, covenants or Contracts restricting the geographic area in which the Company may sell, license, market, distribute
or support any products or Technology or provide services or restricting the markets, customers or industries that the Company may address
in operating the Company Business or restricting the prices which the Company may charge for its products, Technology or services (including
most favored customer pricing provisions)), or includes any grants by the Company of exclusive rights or licenses, rights of refusal,
rights of first negotiation or similar rights.

(c) Section
3.13(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth each Contract of the Company with any agent, reseller broker or finder under
which the Company has an outstanding obligation to make payments. Other than as listed in Section 3.13(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company does not have any obligation to any Person for payment of any amounts (such as without limitation retainer,
commission and fees) on account of any pipeline, opportunity, lead, referral or the like. Resellers, yet no obligations is outstanding
since the conditions for such payments have not been met.

3.14 Compliance
with Laws and Other Instruments.

(a) The
Company is, and has been, in compliance, in all material respects, with any Applicable Law (including export, import and other trade
compliance laws). The Company has not received any written notice of or been charged with the violation of any law and, to Companys
knowledge, there is no threatened action or proceeding against the Company under any Applicable Law. The Company is not in violation
of or default under (i) any provisions of the Charter Documents, and (ii) any order, writ, injunction, decree or judgment of any court
of competent jurisdiction or any governmental department, commission or agency, domestic or foreign, issued against it and that was brought
to its attention, to which it is subject or by which it is bound, in all material respects. The Company has obtained all franchises,
permits, licenses, consents and any similar authorizations that are material to the Company Business under Applicable Law, and is in
compliance, in all material respects, with such franchises, permits, licenses, consents and similar authorizations. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, and except as listed in Section 3.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has not
and is not using or developing, or otherwise engaged in, encryption technology or other technology whose development, commercialization
or export is restricted, and the conduct of the Company Business does not require obtaining a license from the Israeli Ministry of Defense
or an authorized body thereof pursuant to Section 2(a) of the Control of Products and Services Declaration (Engagement in Encryption),
1974, or from the Israeli Ministry of Economy pursuant to the Law of Regulation of Security Exports, 2007.

18

(b) All
products or services developed, produced, marketed, licensed, sold, distributed, delivered or performed by or on behalf of the Company
and all of the Company Products or Services and the Companys business comply in all material respects with all applicable laws,
orders, injunctions and decrees of applicable Governmental Authorities. The design, manufacturing, storage, distribution, packaging,
labeling, sale, recordkeeping and other activities by the Company relating to the Company Products or Services have been conducted, and
are currently being conducted, in compliance in all material respects with the applicable requirements of applicable laws and regulations.
The Company has not received written notice or threat of commencement of action by any Governmental Authority to withdraw its approval
of (if required) or to enjoin production or manufacture of the Company Products or Services at any facility. The Company Products or
Services are in material compliance with all applicable classification, registration, listing, marking, tracking, reporting, recordkeeping
and audit requirements of any relevant Governmental Authority.

(c) Neither
the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any officer, director, employee, consultant or agent purporting to act on behalf of
the Company or any Person performing services on behalf of the Company in the course of performing services for the Company (each, an
Associated Person) has, directly or indirectly: (i) made, offered to make, provided or paid any unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses to any candidate for political office, or failed to disclose fully any such contributions
in violation of any Applicable Law, (ii) made, or offered to make, any payment to any local, state, federal or any other type of governmental
officer or official, or other Person charged with similar public or quasi-public duties, other than payments required or allowed by Applicable
Law (including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended to the extent applicable to the
Company), (iii) made, or offered to make, any payment to any agent, employee, officer or director of any Person to which the Company
does business or accepted or solicited any payment from any Person in each case for the purposes of influencing such Person to do business
with the Company or influencing the Company to do business with such Person or to obtain or retain any advantage in the conduct of business
of the Company, (iv) engaged in any transactions, maintained any bank account or used any corporate funds, except for transactions, bank
accounts and funds which have been and are reflected in the normally maintained books and records of the Company, or (v) made, offered
to make, accepted or solicited any payment in the nature of criminal bribery or any other payment in violation of any Applicable Law
or engaged in any activity, practice or conduct which would constitute an offence under any applicable anti-corruption or anti-money
laundering law. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any Associated Person is the subject of any investigation,
inquiry or enforcement action related to any anti-corruption laws.

3.15 Certain
Transactions and Agreements.

(a) Section
3.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list of the directors and officers of the Company
as of the date hereof, including their name and title.

(b) None
of the employees, officers or directors of the Company, nor any Company Shareholder, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any immediate
family member or Affiliate of any of the foregoing (i) is, except as set forth in Section 3.15(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
indebted to the Company and, except as set forth in Section 3.15(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not indebted
(or committed to make loans or extend or guarantee credit) to any of them (other than advances for employees expense reimbursement
in the ordinary course of business), (ii) to the Companys knowledge, has any direct or indirect interest in any Contract or proposed
transaction with the Company (except for employment relations and/or compensation for services as an officer, director or employee thereof),
or (iii) to the Companys knowledge, has any direct or indirect ownership interest in any Entity or business with which the Company
is affiliated or with which the Company has a business relationship, or that competes with the Company (except for passive ownership
of less than one percent (1%) of the issued and outstanding share capital of any such publicly traded company) or (iv) has any interest
in any material property, real or personal, tangible or intangible (including any Company IP or any other Intellectual Property), that
is used in, or that pertains to, the Company Business (except for the rights of a shareholder under Applicable Law).

19

3.16 Employees.

(a) The
Company has provided to Acquirer each employment, consulting, contracting, severance or other similar Contract and any other benefit
plan or arrangement, each loan to an employee and each plan, program, policy, practice, Contract or other arrangement providing for insurance
coverage (including any self-insured arrangements that are clearly identified as such, and any stop-loss insurance policies issued in
connection with such self-insured arrangements), workers benefits, vacation benefits, pension arrangement and any other provident
fund, termination pay, severance benefits, retention, disability benefits, death benefits, hospitalization benefits, medical benefits,
sickness benefits, dental benefits, vision care benefits, relocation benefits, cafeteria benefits, child/dependent care benefits, sabbatical,
retirement benefits, deferred compensation, profit-sharing, bonuses, commissions, stock options, stock purchase, phantom stock, stock
appreciation or other forms of incentive compensation or post-retirement insurance, compensation or benefits for employees, consultants,
contractors or directors that is currently in effect, maintained or contributed to by the Company and which covers any current or former
employee, consultant, contractor or director of the Company or to which the Company has or may have an obligation to contribute. Such
Contracts, plans, programs, policies, practices and arrangements as are described in this Section 3.16(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule are hereinafter collectively referred to as Company Benefit Arrangements.

(b) the
Company is, and has been, in compliance, in all material respects, with Applicable Law, Contracts, and Orders, relating to labor, employment
and fair employment practices (including termination of employment), including all Applicable Laws, Contracts and Orders relating to,
among others, hiring, discharge and/or terms and conditions of employment, discrimination in employment, privacy, harassment, sexual
harassment, retaliation, compensation matters, use of agency workers, worker classification (including employee-contractor classification
and the proper classification of employees as exempt employees and nonexempt employees under the Working Hours and Rest Law, 5711-1951,
the Fair Labor Standards Act and similar Applicable Laws), engagement with service providers (including in the field of cleaning, catering,
security and protection) wages and hours, overtime hours and overtime payment, meal and rest breaks, working during rest days, working
during nights, sick leave, annual leave, prior notice, severance payment, notice to employees, disability rights or benefits, pension
arrangements, equal opportunity, workers compensation employee leave issues, labor relations, occupational safety and health and
employment practices, engagement of youth or foreign employees, work visas and/or employment authorization, and is not engaged in any
unfair labor practice. The Company has timely deducted and withheld all amounts required by Applicable Law or by Contract to be deducted
or withheld from the wages, salaries, and other payments to employees, consultants or contractors, has timely transferred all amounts
required by Applicable Law or by Contract to transfer to any Company Benefit Arrangement or any Governmental Authority, and is not liable
for any arrears of wages, compensation, Taxes, penalties or other sums for failure to comply with any of the foregoing. The Company has
paid in full to all employees, contractors and consultants all wages, salaries, fees, commissions, bonuses, benefits and other compensation
due to or on behalf of such employees, contractors and consultants. The Company is not liable for any payment to any trust or other fund
or to any Governmental Authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations
for employees (other than routine payments to be made in the normal course of business and consistently with past practice that are not
overdue). There are no pending claims against the Company under any Company Benefit Arrangements, workers compensation plan or policy
or for long-term disability. There are no controversies, Actions, investigations or audits pending, threatened or reasonably anticipated
(A) between the Company and any of its respective current or former employees, consultants or contractors, or (B) with respect to the
employment policies or practices of the Company, or (C) in connection with any Company Benefit Arrangement or the employment or engagement
of any employee, consultant or contractor, and there have been no such controversies, Actions, investigations or audits in the past.
A complete list of all employees of the Company, including their names, status, employing entity, actual scope of employment (e.g., full
or part time), overtime classification (i.e. exempt or non-exempt from the overtime requirements under any Applicable Law), title and/or
job description, work location, start date, compensation, base compensation (monthly base salary or hourly wage rate, and overtime consideration
as applicable), profit sharing, deferred compensation, commission/bonuses (including method of calculation and amounts received in the
last two (2) years), shares and any other incentive payments and all fringe benefits, including, vacation entitlement and accrued vacation
or paid time-off balance, travel pay or car maintenance or car entitlement, sick leave entitlement and accrual, recuperation pay entitlement
and accrual, entitlement to pension arrangement and/or any other provident fund (including managers insurance and education fund),
their respective contribution rates and the base salary for such contributions, whether such employee is subject to the Section 14 Arrangement
under the Israeli Severance Pay Law, 5723-1963 (the Section 14 Arrangement) (and, to the extent such employee is
subject to the Section 14 Arrangement, an indication of whether such arrangement has been applied to such person from the commencement
date of their employment and on the basis of their entire salary), notice period entitlement, legal status for purposes of eligibility
to work in the jurisdiction in which they perform their services, last date of compensation increase and its amount and any other potential
liability that is borne by the Company with respect to each of the listed employees with respect to any entitlement, is set forth in
Section 3.16(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. All past and present employees of the Company have executed the Companys
employment agreement or offer letters and restrictive covenants agreement substantially in the Companys standard form as
in effect from time to time.

20

(c) A
complete list of all Company Contractors and their names, engaging entity, start date, fees/consideration, commission/bonuses and other
entitlements, prior notice entitlement, and whether individual or engagement through an entity is set forth in Section 3.16(c) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule. Except as set forth in Section 3.16(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all current and
former Company Contractors have been properly classified as independent contractors. The Company does not engage any personnel through
manpower or other third-party agencies.

(d) Each
employee or Company Contractor is legally permitted to work in the jurisdiction and location he or she is working in. Except as set forth
in Section 3.16(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no current or former employee, consultant or contractor of the Company
is or was engaged by the Company, without a written contract or without executing an agreement concerning intellectual property, confidentiality
and non-compete. Other than the employees salary, the employees of the Company are not entitled to any payment or benefit that
may be reclassified as part of their determining salary for all intent and purposes, including for their social contributions. All employees
of the Company are legally permitted to be employed by the Company in the jurisdiction in which such employee is employed in their current
job capacities for the maximum period allowed under Applicable Law. The Company does not have any Contracts for the employment or engagement
of employees, consultants or contractors that are not terminable on minimum statutory notice under Applicable Law or within thirty (30)
days of notice (other than agreements with the sole purpose of providing for the confidentiality of proprietary information or assignment
of inventions). All agreements which provide for the confidentiality of proprietary information, assignment of inventions, or post-employment
restrictive covenants are legally binding and enforceable against the relevant Person in accordance with their respective terms. As of
the date hereof, the Company does not have, and to the knowledge of Company, no other Person has, (i) entered into any Contract that
obligates or purports to obligate the Company or Acquirer to make an offer of employment or other engagement to any present or former
employee, consultant or contractor of the Company and/or (ii) promised or otherwise provided any assurances (contingent or otherwise)
to any present or former employee, consultant or contractor of the Company of any terms or conditions of employment or other engagement
with Acquirer following the Closing.

(e) The
Company is not a party to or bound by any labor agreement or collective bargaining agreement, work rules or practices, or any other labor-related
agreement or arrangement with any labor union, labor organization, employee representation group or works council, and no employees,
consultants or contractors are represented by a labor union, labor organization, employee representation group or works council with
respect to their employment or provision of services to the Company. No labor union, labor organization, works council or other collective
group of employees, consultants or contractors has made a demand for recognition or certification with respect to the Company, and there
are no representation or certification proceedings or applications seeking a representation or certification proceeding pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened to be brought or filed before any Governmental Authority. The Company is not or has never been
a member of any employers association or organization. The Company has never paid, is not required to pay or has never been requested
to pay any payment (including professional organizational handling charges) to any employers association or organization. There
is, and prior to the date hereof there has been, no union organizing activities among employees, consultants or contractors of the Company.
The Company is not obligated under and no employee of the Company benefits from any extension order (tzavei harchava) except for
extension orders which generally apply to all employees in Israel. There is no pending, or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
work stoppage, lockout, labor grievance, arbitration, labor dispute, slowdown or labor strike against or affecting the Company. To the
knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its respective representatives, agents or employees, consultants or contractors
has committed any unfair labor practice, and the Company does not have any labor disputes. The Company has no knowledge of any facts
indicating that the consummation of the Transactions shall have a material effect on such labor relations, and has no knowledge that
any of its employees, consultants or contractors intends to terminate their relationship with the Company. There are no pending, or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, efforts to certify any Person as the collective bargaining agent of all or some of the employees,
consultants or contractors of the Company.

(f) All
contributions due from the Company with respect to any of the Company Benefit Arrangements have been timely made under the terms of the
applicable Company Benefit Arrangement and any Applicable Law, or there is a period of time remaining for such contributions to be timely
made. The Companys obligations to provide statutory severance pay to its employees pursuant to the Israeli Severance Pay Law,
5723-1963 and vacation pursuant to the Israeli Annual Leave Law, 5711-1951 and any personal employment agreement have been satisfied
or have been fully funded by contributions to appropriate insurance funds or if not required by any source to be funded, accrued on the
Companys Financial Statements. No further contributions shall be due or shall have accrued thereunder as of the Closing Date (other
than contributions accrued in the ordinary course of business after the Company Balance Sheet Date as a result of the operations of the
Company after the Company Balance Sheet Date). Except as set forth in Section 3.16(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
Section 14 Arrangement was properly applied in accordance with the terms of the general permit issued by the Israeli Minister of Labor
regarding all former and current employees of the Company who reside in Israel based on their full salaries and from their commencement
date of employment. The Company does not have unsatisfied obligations of any nature to any of their former employees, consultants or
contractors, and their termination was in compliance with all Applicable Laws and Contracts.

21

(g) The
Company does not have any Liability to any employee or to any organization or any other Entity as a result of the termination of any
employee leasing arrangement.

(h) Other
than (i) as specified under this Agreement, or (ii) unless otherwise indicated in Section 3.16(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the Company is not a party to any: (i) Contract with any Person (A) the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of which are materially
altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction involving the Company in the nature of the Share Purchase or any of the other Transactions,
(B) providing any term of employment or compensation guarantee, or (C) providing severance benefits or other benefits after the termination
of employment of such employee regardless of the reason for such termination of employment (other than as required by Applicable Law)
or (ii) Company Benefit Arrangement, any of the benefits of which shall be increased, or the vesting of benefits of which shall be accelerated,
by the occurrence of the Share Purchase or any of the other Transactions, or any event subsequent to the Share Purchase such as the termination
of employment of any person, or the value of any of the benefits of which shall be calculated on the basis of any of the Transactions.
The Company does not have any obligation to pay any amount or provide any benefit to any former director, officer, employee, consultant
or contractor other than obligations (x) for which the Company has established a reserve (or purchased an insurance policy listed in
Section 3.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedule) for such amount on the Company Balance Sheet and (y) pursuant to Contracts entered
into after the Company Balance Sheet Date and disclosed in Section 3.16(h)of the Company Disclosure Schedule. Other than as specified
under this Agreement, the Company has never made any promise or representation to any employee (including leased employees) or Company
Contractors regarding continued employment or services after the Closing, or regarding any terms of employment or engagement not listed
the Company Disclosure Schedule.

(i) No
director, officer, employee, consultant or contractor of the Company is in violation of (i) any Contract or (ii) any restrictive covenant
relating to the right of any such Person to be employed by or render services to the Company or to use trade secrets or proprietary information
of others. No director, officer, employee, consultant or contractor of the Company has received an offer to join a business that may
be competitive with the Company Business. Neither the employment of any employee of the Company, nor the use by the Company of the services
of any consultant or contractor subjects the Company to any Liability to any third party for improperly soliciting such employee, consultant
or contractor to work for the Company, whether such Liability is based on contractual or other legal obligations to such third party.

(j) Other
than as required under Applicable Law or under the Companys option plan, the Company has not established or maintained any Company
Benefit Arrangement or is required to maintain or contribute to any Company Benefit Arrangement by the Applicable Law or applicable custom
or rule of the relevant jurisdiction, in each case outside of the State of Israel.

(k) Section
3.16(k) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists as of the Effective Date each director, officer, employee, consultant or contractor
of the Company who is not fully available to perform work because of disability or other leave and also lists, with respect to each such
director, officer, employee, consultant or contractor, the basis of such disability or leave, the date of commencement of such leave
and the anticipated date of return to full service.

3.17 Corporate
Documents. The Company has delivered to Acquirer for examination all documents and information listed in the Company Disclosure Schedule
or in any other exhibit, annex or schedule called for by this Agreement, including the following: (i) copies of the Charter Documents,
(ii) the minute books containing all records of all proceedings, consents, actions and meetings of the Board or similar governing body
and any committees thereof and shareholders and members of the Company and (iii) the shareholders register, option ledger and warrant
ledger as of the date hereof. Such books, records and accounts of the Company (w) are true, complete and correct, in all material respects,
and (x) have been maintained, in all material respects, in accordance with Applicable Law.

3.18 No
Brokers. the Company is not obligated for the payment of any fees or expenses of any investment banker, broker, advisor, finder or
similar party in connection with the origin, negotiation or execution of the Transaction Documents, or in connection with the Transactions.

22

3.19 Insurance.
The Company has in full force and effect insurance policies with extended coverage listed in Section 3.18 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, which are reasonably sufficient in amount (subject to reasonable deductions) to allow it to replace any of its properties
that might be damaged or destroyed and to insure the risks associated with the Company Business. All premiums due and payable under all
such policies and bonds have been timely paid, and the Company is otherwise in compliance with the terms of such policies and bonds.
All such policies (domestic and foreign) are valid, outstanding and enforceable policies and provide insurance coverage for the properties,
assets, operations and businesses of the Company, of the kinds, in the amounts and against the risks required to comply with applicable
Legal Requirement or under any Contract of the Company. The Company has not been refused any insurance with respect to any property or
asset or any aspect of the operations of its business, and its coverage has not been limited by any insurance carrier to which it has
applied for insurance or with which it has carried insurance. No notice of cancellation or termination has been received by the Company
with respect to any such policy. The activities and operations of the Company have been conducted in a manner so as to conform to all
applicable material provisions of such insurance policies. As of the date of this Agreement, all claims have been reported to the appropriate
insurer and no claims have been denied coverage by any such insurer. The Company has no open claims being handled by any insurer subject
to a reservation of rights letter or similar letter. The Company has no claims or events that could give rise to a claim that would be
covered under an insurance policy but for which coverage was not purchased. The Company has delivered to Acquirer correct and complete
copies of all such policies of insurance and bonds issued at the request or for the benefit of the Company.

3.20 Solvency.
The Company is not bankrupt nor insolvent.

3.21 Representations
Complete. None of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein or in any exhibit or schedule hereto, including the
Disclosure Schedule, or in any certificate delivered by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, when all such documents are read together
in their entirety, contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements contained herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

Article
4

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLERS

Each
Seller, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to Acquirer solely in respect of himself, herself, as of the Effective Date
and as of the Closing Date, as follows:

4.1 Organization;
Power and Authority. Each Seller has legal capacity and all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and any of
the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to consummate the Transactions. To the extent such Seller is an entity, such
Seller is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists) under the laws of the jurisdiction
of its organization. Such Seller possesses all requisite corporate power and authority (to the extent such Seller is an entity) or requisite
legal capacity (to the extent such Seller is a natural person) to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party and to carry out the Transactions that are required to be carried
out by it.

4.2 Enforceability;
No Conflict.

(a) To
the extent such Seller is an entity, the execution and delivery by such Seller of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to
which it is a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of such Seller. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which such Seller is a party, when executed by such Seller, will
have been duly executed and delivered by such Seller and will constitute the valid and binding obligation of such Seller enforceable
against such Seller in accordance with its respective terms subject only to the effect, if any, of (i) applicable bankruptcy and other
similar Applicable Law affecting the rights of creditors generally and (ii) rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief
and other equitable remedies.

(b) The
execution and delivery by such Seller of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and the consummation
of the Transactions thereby, do not and will not (i) result in any conflict with, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
a termination, acceleration, cancellation, breach, impairment or violation of, constitute a default or give rise to the rights of others
(including rights of termination, cancellation or acceleration) under: (x) the governing documents of such Seller (if an entity), (y)
any judgment, injunction, order, writ, decree or ruling of any court or other Governmental Authority or any Contract to which such Seller
is a party or by which such Seller or any of its assets or properties are bound, or (z) any Applicable Law, or (ii) result in the creation
of any Encumbrance upon any shares of Company Share Capital held by such Seller.

23

4.3 No
Consents. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which such Seller is a
party, and the consummation of the Transactions thereby, do not require the consent, approval, Order or authorization by, release or
waiver of, or registration, qualification, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority or any other Person,
on the part of such Seller.

4.4 Title
to Shares. The Seller owns of record and beneficially the Company Shares as set forth opposite his, her or its name on the Spreadsheet,
and has good and valid title to all of its Company Shares, free and clear of all Encumbrances and, at Closing, shall deliver to Acquirer
good and valid title to all of its Company Shares to be assigned and transfer under this Agreement, free and clear of all Encumbrances
and Taxes. Such Seller is not a party to any option, warrant, purchase right, or other Contract or commitment that could require such
Seller to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any Company Share Capital (other than this Agreement). Such Seller is not a party to
any escrow, voting trust, proxy, or other agreement or understanding with respect to the holding in trust or the voting of any share
capital of the Company, except as set forth on Section 4.4 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

4.5 Waiver
of Shareholder Rights. The applicable Seller hereby waives and agrees not to exercise any rights, including any notice rights, rights
of first refusal, rights of consent or rights of co-sale that it has pursuant to the Charter Documents or under the Israeli Companies
Law that would be applicable to the Transactions.

4.6 Investment
Decision. The applicable Seller has received, has had ample opportunity to seek independent legal advice or other advice, to review
and has reviewed, a copy of this Agreement, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own analysis
and decision to enter into this Agreement, and to sell the Company Securities owned by such Seller to Acquirer on the basis of such analysis.
Such Seller has such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters to enable such Seller to understand and evaluate this
Agreement, and form an investment decision with respect thereto, or has been given ample opportunity and has sought professional advice
as to the contents of this Agreement, prior to executing this Agreement. The Seller acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement is executed
voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part of or on behalf of the parties hereto.

4.7 Transactions
with Company Affiliates. The Seller has no direct or indirect ownership interest in any Person in which the Company has any direct
or indirect ownership interest or with which the Company competes or has a business relationship.

4.8 Rights
to Intellectual Property. The Seller owns no Intellectual Property used in the Company Business. The Seller has not transferred or
conveyed all or any part of its, his or her direct or indirect ownership or control of, or direct or indirect interest in, any Intellectual
Property used in the Company Business to any third party (other than the Company) during the 12-month period prior to the Effective Date.

4.9 Litigation.
There are no actions, suits, arbitrations, mediations, proceedings or claims pending or, to the best knowledge of such Seller, threatened
against such Seller that seek to restrain or enjoin the power or authority of such Seller to execute, deliver or perform the Transactions
or the consummation of the Transactions.

4.10 Insolvency.
Such Seller is not bankrupt or insolvent and has not proposed a voluntary arrangement or made or proposed any arrangement or composition
with such Sellers creditors or any class of such creditors, and no petition in respect of any such arrangement or composition
has been presented. The consummation of the Share Purchase and the other Transactions shall not constitute a fraudulent transfer by such
Seller under applicable bankruptcy and other similar laws relating to bankruptcy and insolvency of such Seller.

24

4.11 Tax
Withholding Information. All information provided or to be provided to Acquirer, or the ITA, by or on behalf of the applicable Seller
or any other payee for purposes of enabling Acquirer, or the ITA, as applicable, to determine the amount to be deducted and withheld,
if any, from the consideration payable to such Seller or Payee pursuant to this Agreement under Applicable Law is and will be true, accurate
and complete when provided.

4.12 No
Brokers. Such Seller is not obligated for the payment of any fees or expenses of any investment banker, broker, advisor, finder or
similar party in connection with the origin, negotiation or execution of the Transaction Documents, or in connection with the Transactions.

Article
5

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF ACQUIRER

Acquirer
represents and warrants to the Company and the Sellers, as of the Effective Date and as of the Closing Date, as follows:

5.1 Organization;
Power and Authority. Acquirer is a corporation duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of organization. Acquirer possesses all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party and to consummate the Transactions.

5.2 Enforceability;
No Conflict.

(a) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents to which Acquirer is a party, and the consummation of the
Transactions, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Acquirer. This Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which the Acquirer is a party, when executed by Acquirer, will have been duly executed and delivered by Acquirer and will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of Acquirer enforceable against Acquirer in accordance with its terms subject only to the
effect, if any, of (i) applicable bankruptcy and other similar Applicable Law affecting the rights of creditors generally, and (ii) rules
of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies.

(b) The
execution and delivery by Acquirer of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and the consummation
of the Transactions thereby, do not and will not result in any conflict with, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a
termination, acceleration, cancellation, breach, impairment or violation of, constitute a default or give rise to the rights of others
(including rights of termination, cancellation or acceleration) under: (x) the governing documents of the Acquirer, (y) any judgment,
injunction, order, writ, decree or ruling of any court or other Governmental Authority or any Contract to which Acquirer is a party or
by which Acquirer or any of its assets or properties are bound, or (z) any Applicable Law.

5.3 No
Consents. Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation
of the Transactions do not and will not require the consent, approval, Order or authorization by, release or waiver of, or registration,
qualification, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, on the part of Acquirer.

5.4 No
Brokers. None of the Acquirer or any of its Affiliates is obligated for the payment of any fees or expenses of any investment banker,
broker, advisor, finder or similar party in connection with the origin, negotiation or execution of the Transaction Documents, or in
connection with the Transactions, which shall impose any payment obligation on the Company or the Sellers.

25

5.5 Litigation.
There are no actions, suits, arbitrations, mediations, proceedings or claims pending or, to the best knowledge of Acquirer, threatened
against Acquirer that seek to restrain or enjoin the power or authority of Acquirer to execute, deliver or perform the Transactions or
the consummation of the Transactions.

5.6 Solvency.
Acquirer is not bankrupt or insolvent and has not proposed a voluntary arrangement or made or proposed any arrangement or composition
with Acquirers creditors or any class of such creditors, and no petition in respect of any such arrangement or composition has
been presented. The consummation of the Share Purchase and the other Transactions shall not constitute a fraudulent transfer by Acquirer
under applicable bankruptcy and other similar laws relating to bankruptcy and insolvency of Acquirer.

5.7 Sufficiency
of Funds. Acquirer has, as of the Effective Date, and will have at Closing sufficient cash on hand or other sources of immediately
available funds that together enable it to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and by the Transaction Documents
and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder, including without limitation, to make payment of the Consideration.

Article
6

COVENANTS
AND AGREEMENTS

6.1 Best
Efforts to Close. Each of the Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to take cause to be taken promptly all actions necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate and make effective Transactions as promptly as practicable. Each Party hereto, at the request of another
party hereto, shall execute and deliver such other instruments and do and perform such other acts as may be necessary, proper or advisable
for effecting completely the consummation of the Transactions.

6.2 Public
Announcement. Upon execution of this Agreement, Acquirer may issue a press release announcing the proposed Share Purchase, subject
to the Companys prior written consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Companys prior consent shall not be
required for any other notice, report and/or public submission which Acquirer is required to make in accordance with Applicable Law.
Acquirer will provide the Company with a reasonable advance opportunity to review and comment on such press release, and shall, at its
reasonable discretion, incorporate into such press release the comments provided by the Company. Prior to the publication of such initial
press release, no Party to this Agreement shall make any public announcement relating to this Agreement or the Transactions (except as
may be required by Applicable Law). Neither the Company nor any Seller shall issue any press release or make any public statement regarding
the Share Purchase or Acquirer or Acquirers business without first consulting with Acquirer (including by providing Acquirer the
opportunity to review and comment thereon) and obtaining Acquirers agreement to such press release or public statement, except
as the Company or such Company Shareholder reasonably determines is required by Applicable Law (in which case it shall notify Acquirer
a reasonable time in advance of any such press release or public statement and shall consider in good faith the comments of Acquirer).

6.3 Confidentiality.
The Company and Acquirer each confirm that they have entered into the NDA and that they are each bound by, and shall abide by, the provisions
of such NDA; provided that Acquirer shall not be bound by such NDA after the Closing. The existence and terms of the Transaction Documents
and the Transactions shall constitute Confidential Information under such NDA. The Sellers hereby agree to be bound by
the terms and conditions of the NDA to the same extent as though the Sellers were a party thereto. With respect to the Sellers, as used
in the NDA, the term Confidential Information shall also include information relating to the Transaction Documents and
the Transactions received by the Sellers after the Closing or relating to the period after the Closing. Without derogating from the generality
of the foregoing, each Seller shall, and shall cause its respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders and Affiliates and any
investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative retained by any of them to hold the existence and terms of the Transaction
Documents and the Transactions in strict confidence. The above confidentiality undertaking of a party shall not apply to information
that becomes public through no act or omission of any party or through public disclosure by Acquirer in accordance with Section 6.2.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Acquirer, and the Sellers (the Common Interest Parties) may, share a
mutual common interest in confidentially resolving certain Claims under Article 11 hereto and potentially defending against third
parties in connection with the facts underlying such Claims (collectively, the Common Interest Matters). For that
purpose, each Party may, at its discretion, share information concerning the Common Interest Matters. Such information may include factual
or legal information, theories, mental impressions memoranda, including, but not limited to memoranda prepared by outside legal counsel,
interview reports, and other documents, information, and materials relevant to those Common Interest Matters (the Common Interest
Information). Such Common Interest Information may include communications and information protected by the attorney-client
privilege, the attorney-work-product doctrine, and/or other privileges, protections, and rules of confidentiality. Nothing herein, nor
the sharing of Common Interest Information, shall constitute or be construed as a waiver of any applicable privilege or protection. No
Common Interest Party may waive any applicable privilege or protection that applies to Common Interest Information received from another
Common Interest Party.

26

6.4 Restrictive
Covenants Agreement. As a material inducement for Acquirer to enter into this Agreement, and in further consideration for the consideration
hereunder and in order to protect the value of the Company (including, without limitation, the goodwill inherent therein), prior to Closing,
each Founder shall enter into a restrictive covenants agreement in form to be agreed between the Acquirer and the Company under which
each Founder shall undertake obligations and covenants of non-compete, non-solicitation, non-disparagement and confidentiality (each
a Restrictive Covenants Agreement).

6.5 Release.
Effective upon and subject to the Closing (including, for the avoidance of doubt, fulfillment by Acquirer of all of its obligations hereunder
and execution of the Binding Agreements), each Seller hereby irrevocably waives, releases and discharges the Company and the Acquirer
and each of their respective Affiliates and representatives and officers, and the respective successors and assigns of the foregoing,
of and from any and all Liabilities and obligations of any kind or nature whatsoever to the Seller in his, her or its capacity as a shareholder,
officer, employee, investor, or contractor of the Company, whether arising under any Contract or otherwise at Applicable Law or in equity,
and whether or not then known (excluding, in each case, any Liabilities or entitlements that arise (i) under this Agreement; (ii) pursuant
to Sellers employment or services agreement with the Company prior to the Closing; and (iii) under insurance policies of the Company
arising prior to the Closing, and the Seller agrees that he, she or it will not seek to recover any amounts solely in connection therewith
or thereunder from the Company, the Acquirer or any of their respective Affiliates or representatives or any of the successors or assigns
of any of the foregoing.

6.6 Employee
Matters.

(a) Amendment
of Company Employment Arrangements. Prior to the Closing, the Company shall terminate the employment or consulting services of each
individual who Acquirer expects to be a Non-Continuing Employee, effective as of no later than immediately prior to the Closing, and
the Company shall pay all compensation and benefits owed (including, if applicable, any bonuses, commission, incentive compensation,
accrued but unused vacation or paid time off that may be payable), and all severance pay or benefits (including to any acceleration of
vesting) to such Non-Continuing Employees prior to the Closing; and obtain a release from each such Non-Continuing Employee in a form
acceptable to Acquirer. The Company shall comply with all Applicable Law with respect to such terminations.

(b) No
Employment Commitment or Plan Amendments. No provision of this Agreement is intended, or shall be interpreted, to provide nor create
any third party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever in any Seller or any other Person, including
any rights of employment for any specified period and/or any employee benefits, in favor of any employee, union, association, or any
other Person, other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and all provisions hereof will be
personal solely among the parties to this Agreement. In addition, no provision of this Agreement is intended, or shall be interpreted,
to amend any term or condition of any Company-sponsored plan or any other employee related plan, program or policy of Acquirer, any subsidiary
thereof or the Company.

6.7 Post-Closing
Business Plan. Acquirer, the Company and the Founders shall prepare and agree on a post-closing business plan, to be adopted at the
Closing (the Business Plan). The Business Plan shall include, inter alia, certain terms with respect to Acquirers
investment in the Company following the Closing).

6.8 Tax
Matters.

(a) Tax
Cooperation. Each of the Acquirer, the Sellers and the Company shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by
any of the others, in connection with the filing of Tax Returns and any Action with respect to Taxes. Such cooperation shall include
the retention and (upon request therefor) the provision of records and information reasonably relevant to any such Action and making
employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder.
Acquirer, the Company and the Sellers agree to retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters pertinent to the Company relating
to any Taxable period beginning before the Locked Box Date until the date which is ninety (90) days after the expiration of the statute
of limitations of the respective Taxable periods, and to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Acquirer shall not be required to disclose to any Seller any consolidated,
combined, affiliated or unitary Tax Return which includes Acquirer or any of its Affiliates or any Tax related work papers, except upon
a reasonable request by the Seller and only to the extent required by a Seller for filing of its own Tax Returns (in which case the Acquirer
shall make reasonably commercial efforts to provide the information required).

27

(b) Transfer
Taxes. All Transfer Taxes (including any interest and penalties) levied or imposed by any Governmental Authority in connection with
the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the Sellers (or the Company, as applicable) when due, and such Seller
shall, at its own expense, file all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to all such Transfer Taxes. Prior to the
Closing, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Seller to further agree, upon request, to use his, her or
its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any certificate or other document from any Governmental Authority or any other Person as
may be necessary to mitigate, reduce or eliminate any Tax that could be imposed (including with respect to the Transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

(c) Acquirer
and the Company acknowledge and agree that for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the taxable year of the Company will end at the end
of the day on the Closing Date and, to the extent applicable Tax Laws in other jurisdictions so permit, Acquirer and the Company will
elect to cause the taxable year of the Company and all subsidiaries of the Company to terminate on the Closing Date. The Company and
the Sellers shall prepare or cause to be prepared all Tax Returns with respect to a Pre-Locked Box Date Tax Period (other than Tax Returns
with respect to a Straddle Period, which are governed by the next sentence). Acquirer shall timely file or cause to be timely filed (taking
into account all extensions properly obtained) all Tax Returns that are due after the Locked Box Date including Tax Returns that relate
in whole or in part to a Straddle Period (each, a Acquirer Filed Return), and Acquirer shall timely remit or cause
to be remitted any Taxes shown as due in respect of such Acquirer Filed Returns (subject to Acquirers right to indemnification
pursuant to Article 11). To the extent any Acquirer Filed Return reports Taxes that could reasonably be expected to give rise
to a claim of indemnification against the Sellers pursuant to this Agreement, each such Acquirer Filed Return shall be prepared in a
manner consistent with the past practice of the Company except as otherwise required by Law. In the case of an Acquirer Filed Return
that is an income Tax Return and which reports Taxes that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a claim of indemnification against
the Sellers pursuant to this Agreement, Acquirer shall submit such Acquirer Filed Return to the Sellers for review and comment at least
twenty (20) days prior to the due date (taking into account any extensions) for filing such Acquirer Filed Return (or, if such due date
is within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date), and will not file any such
Acquirer Filed Return without the consent of the Sellers, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(d) Acquirer
will not (and will not permit their respective Affiliates to) (i) except for Tax Returns prepared and filed in accordance with Section
6.7(c), amend any Tax Returns of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company with respect to any Pre-Locked Box Date Tax Period, (ii)
enter into a voluntary disclosure agreement regarding Taxes with respect to any Pre-Locked Box Date Tax Period or (iii) engage in any
transaction on the Closing Date after the Closing outside the ordinary course of business of the Company, in each such case, except (A)
with the prior written consent of the Sellers (which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (B) if such action is
not reasonably expected to give rise to a claim of indemnification against any Seller pursuant to Article 11 or otherwise or (C)
as part of any transactions contemplated hereby.

(e) With
respect to any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to Taxes of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company (each, a Tax
Claim) that relates solely to Pre-Locked Box Date Tax Periods and subject to the provisions of Article 11, the Company shall
control such Tax Claim, including the defense and settlement thereof; provided, that, the Company (i) will keep Sellers reasonably
informed concerning the progress of such Tax Claim, (ii) provide Sellers copies of all correspondence and other documents relevant to
such Tax Claim and (iii) will not settle such Tax Claim without the consent of Sellers Majority (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed). Sellers will have the right to participate in the defense of any such Tax Claim and to employ counsel,
at their own expense, separate from the counsel employed by the Company. The Company shall provide the Sellers with notice of any written
proposed adjustments by the ITA, IRS or any other taxing authority that relate to any such Tax Claim within 60 days of the receipt of
such proposed adjustment; provided that the failure or delay in providing such information will not reduce or affect the obligations
of the Sellers hereunder unless the Sellers are actually prejudiced thereby.

28

Article
7

PRE-CLOSING
PERIOD

7.1 Access.
During the period from the date of this Agreement through the earlier of the Closing or the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Article 10 below (the Pre-Closing Period), and upon reasonable advance notice to the Company, the Sellers
and the Company shall (a) provide Acquirer its representatives with reasonable access during normal business hours to the Companys
personnel, facilities, properties, assets, existing books and records, Contracts, Permits and Tax, (b) maintain in operation, and provide
access to, the data room made available by the Company to Acquirer and its representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and (c) provide copies of books and records, Contracts, Permits and Tax Returns and other information regarding the
Companys business, properties and personnel as Acquirer may reasonably request; provided, however, that any such access shall
be conducted at Acquirers expense, under the supervision of appropriate personnel of the Company and in such a manner as to maintain
the confidentiality of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms hereof and not to interfere
unreasonably with the normal operation of the business of the Company. Nothing herein shall require the Company to disclose any information
to Acquirer if such disclosure would, in the Companys sole and absolute discretion (i) jeopardize any attorney-client privilege,
(ii) relate to information or materials required to be kept confidential by applicable Law or any Contract of the Company; provided that
in such a case, the Company will disclose such information to the extent possible in a manner consistent with applicable Law, (iii) relate
to information or materials that relate to the proposed sale of the business of the Company or the negotiation, execution and delivery
of this Agreement, or (iv) the Company reasonably believes may violate applicable Law, including any Antitrust Laws; provided that in
such a case, the Company will disclose such information to the extent possible in a manner consistent with applicable Law; provided,
further, however, that the Company will notify Acquirer in reasonable detail of the circumstances giving rise to non-disclosure pursuant
to the foregoing and to permit disclosure of such information in the cases of the foregoing subsections (i) and (ii), to the extent possible,
in a manner consistent with privilege, the applicable Contract or applicable Law. Prior to the Closing, the information provided pursuant
to this Section 7.1 shall be used solely for the purpose of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and such information
shall be kept confidential by Acquirer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the NDA.

7.2 Conduct
of the Business of the Company.

(a) During
the Pre-Closing Period, except (a) with respect to subclause (i) of this Section 7.2, to the extent necessary to comply with the
Companys obligations under this Agreement or any agreement ancillary hereto or necessary to effectuate the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, (b) with Acquirers written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), or
(c) as may be expressly required to comply with the terms or conditions of any Material Contract: (i) the Company shall, and Sellers
shall cause the Company to, carry on their business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice; (ii) the Company shall, and
Sellers shall cause the Company to, use its reasonable best efforts to, and the Company shall cause the subsidiaries of the Company to,
(A) preserve substantially intact their present business organization and keep available the services of their current officers and employees
and (B) preserve their relationships with material suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees and others to whom the Company has contractual
obligations; and (iii) the Company shall not, and Sellers shall cause the Company not to, directly or indirectly:

(i) amend
the Charter Documents or adopt or amend any other organizational documents of the Company;

(ii) split,
combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or (except in connection with the exercise of Company Options) issue or authorize the
issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution or exchange for shares of its capital stock;

(iii) issue
any shares of Company Share Capital, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options
to acquire, or other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to issue any such shares or other convertible or exchangeable
securities; provided, however, that the Company may issue Ordinary Shares in connection with the exercise of Company Options, in accordance
with the respective terms of such securities as in effect on the date of this Agreement;

(iv) enter
into or adopt any plan or agreement of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution, or file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or
commence a voluntary legal procedure for reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, release or composition of indebtedness in bankruptcy
or other similar Applicable Laws now or hereafter in effect;

(v) declare,
set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution, payable in stock, property or otherwise, with respect to any of its capital
stock or other securities or interests;

(vi) make
any capital expenditures in excess of $20,000 in the aggregate;

29

(vii) (A)
materially reduce the amount of any insurance coverage provided by existing insurance policies other than upon the expiration of any
such policy or (B) fail to maintain in full force and effect insurance coverage materially consistent with past practices;

(viii) acquire
or agree to acquire by merging with, or by purchasing a portion of the stock or assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any
Person or any material assets, other than purchases of inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(ix) other
than dispositions of obsolete or expired inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, sell, lease or exclusively
license any properties or assets of the Company;

(x) make
or change or revoke any election in respect of Taxes, change any accounting method in respect of Taxes except as required by applicable
Law, settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, enter into or terminate any agreement relating to Taxes with a Governmental
Authority, enter into a Tax allocation agreement, Tax sharing agreement or Tax indemnity agreement, file any amendment to a Company Return
or consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes other than pursuant
to customary extensions of the due date to file a Company Return obtained in the ordinary course of business of not more than six months
- Except for any matter arising from this Agreement, including the Option Tax Ruling or Interim Option Tax Ruling;

(xi) increase
the compensation (including bonuses) payable on or after the date of this Agreement to any director or officer of the Company, except
(i) for increases provided for in any Contracts in effect on the date of this Agreement, or (ii) that the Company may make bonus and
commission payments in accordance with the bonus and commission plans and policies existing on the date of this Agreement;

(xii) (A)
establish, adopt or amend any Company Benefit Arrangement or any plan, program, agreement and arrangement that would constitute a Company
Benefit Arrangement, except with respect to any such action that (1) would not result in more than a de minimis increase to the
cost to the Company under such Company Benefit Arrangement or (2) is required by applicable Law; or (B) establish, adopt or set annual
targets for bonus or incentive compensation;

(xiii) hire,
engage, promote or terminate (other than for cause) any employee or other individual service provider who is or would be entitled to
receive annual base compensation of $100,000 or more, other than the hiring, engagement or promotion of any individual to replace any
employee or other individual service provider who left the Company after the date of this Agreement at an equal or lesser aggregate compensation
level or in fulfillment of open job requisitions set forth in the Companys hiring plan made available to Acquirer as of the date
of this Agreement;

(xiv) make
any material changes in its methods of accounting or accounting practices (including with respect to reserves), other than as required
by GAAP;

(xv) waive,
release, assign, compromise, commence, settle or agree to settle any Action, other than waivers, releases, compromises or settlements
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice that (i) involve only the payment of an amount of monetary damages less
than $10,000 individually and $20,000 in the aggregate and (ii) do not include the imposition of equitable relief on, or the admission
of guilt, liability or wrongdoing by, the Company;

(xvi) (A)
extend, renew, amend or modify in any respect, or terminate, any of the real property leases, or (B) assign, sublease, or encumber any
of the Companys interests in any such real property leases;

30

(xvii) except
as required by GAAP, write off as uncollectible, or establish any extraordinary reserve with respect to, any account receivable;

(xviii) make
any pledge of any of its assets or otherwise permit any of its assets to become subject to any Encumbrance, except for Permitted Encumbrances
and non-exclusive licenses or rights to use granted to customers, suppliers or service providers in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with the Companys past practices;

(xix) (A)
lend money to any Person, or (B) incur or guarantee any new Liability, other than in the ordinary course of business and that would not
constitute a liability of the Company after the Closing;

(xx) (A)
enter into, or permit any of the assets owned or used by the Company to become bound by, any Contract that is or would constitute a Material
Contract, or (B) amend, modify or prematurely terminate, or waive any material right or remedy under, any Contract that is or would constitute
a Material Contract;

(xxi) enter
into any agreement with new or existing customers or amend, modify or prematurely terminate, or waive any material right or remedy under,
any agreement with a customer, in each case unless the form of customer agreement is reasonably acceptable to the Acquirer;

(xxii) abandon
or permit to lapse any Company Intellectual Property, or sell, transfer, license or sublicense or agree to sell, transfer or license
or sublicense any Company Intellectual Property to any Person;

(xxiii) incorporate
or form any subsidiary, acquire any equity or other interest in any Person or enter into any partnership, joint venture, collaboration,
strategic alliance or similar arrangement with any Person;

(xxiv) enter
into any new line of business;

(xxv) negotiate
or enter into a collective bargaining agreement or similar labor contract except as required by law;

(xxvi) enter
into any transaction with any Related Party, other than contracts providing for employment and benefit arrangements entered into in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and on an arms-length basis; or

(xxvii) authorize,
agree or commit to take any of the actions described in clauses (a) through (y) of this Section 7.2.

7.3 U.S.
GAAP Reporting. During the Pre-Closing Period, the Company shall prepare and deliver to the Acquirer, on a monthly basis, within
ten (10) Business Days after the end of each calendar month: (a) unaudited balance sheet as of the end of such month; (b) unaudited statements
of operations and cash flows for such month; and (c) a comparison of such financial statements to the corresponding figures for the same
month in the previous fiscal year and to the Companys operating budget for such month. All such financial statements shall be
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods presented. The Company shall also provide
such additional financial information as the Acquirer may reasonably request from time to time.

7.4 Ongoing
Activity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 7.2 shall give Acquirer any rights to control or direct the
operations of the Company prior to the Closing. Prior to the Closing, the Company shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over its operations. Without derogating from the above, the Company shall take any
actions necessary for the continued operations of its business in the ordinary course of business, consistent with standard practices
of the Company, provided that the Acquirer is informed of any such action which is not covered above but is considered material.

31

Article
8

CONDITIONS
TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY AND THE SELLERS

The
obligations of the Company and the to consummate the Transactions are subject to the fulfillment or satisfaction as of the Closing, of
each of the following conditions (it being understood that any one or more of the following conditions may be waived, in whole or in
part, by the Company in writing):

8.1 Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Acquirer contained in this Agreement shall have been true and correct in all
respects on the Effective Date and shall be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing, with the same force and effect as if
they had been made on the Closing Date.

8.2 Covenants.
Acquirer shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all of its covenants, agreements and obligations contained in
this Agreement and required to be performed and complied with by it at or before the Closing.

8.3
Illegality. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Share Purchase shall be in effect,
nor shall any action have been taken by any Governmental Authority seeking any of the foregoing, and no statute, rule, regulation or
order shall have been enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Share Purchase that makes the consummation of the Share
Purchase illegal.

8.4
Completion of Concurrent Share Purchase. The Sellers or any of them has, not later than the Closing, completed the purchase of the
applicable number of Company Shares held as of the date hereof by all Company Shareholders who are not parties to this Agreement.

8.5 Paying
Agent Agreement. The Paying Agent Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by Acquirer and the Paying Agent.

8.6 Amendments
to Founders Employment Agreements. Each of the Founders shall have entered into an amended and restated employment agreement
with the Company, in form mutually agreed by the Acquirer, the Company and the Founders setting forth the terms of employment of the
Founders (including any equity compensation), in forms reasonably acceptable to the Founders and the Acquirer (the Founders
Employment Agreements) as part of the Binding Agreements.

8.7 Acquirers
Equity Incentive Plan. Acquirer shall have adopted, not later than the Closing, an equity incentive plan, in the form attached hereto
as Schedule 8.7 (the Acquirer Incentive Plan) which shall include inter alia, an Israeli appendix and other
related agreements and/or documents enabling the Company (or any other Affiliate of Acquirer employing the Companys employees
and service providers) to grant incentive equity securities to residents of the State of Israel under Section 102 (for eligible employees)
or Section 3(i) (for eligible service providers); all as part of the Binding Agreements.

8.8 Business
Plan. The Business Plan shall have been adopted.

8.9 Closing
Payment. The Closing Payment shall have been paid to the Sellers or deposited with the Paying Agent.

32

Article
9

CONDITIONS
TO OBLIGATIONS OF ACQUIRER

The
obligations of Acquirer to consummate the Transactions are subject to the fulfillment or satisfaction as of the Closing, of each of the
following conditions (it being understood that any one or more of the following conditions may be waived, in whole or in part, by Acquirer
in writing):

9.1 Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company and the Sellers contained in this Agreement shall have been true
and correct in all respects on the Effective Date (except for any such representations or warranties that by their terms speak only as
of a specific date or dates, in which case, on and as of such specified date or dates) and are true and correct in all material respects
on the Closing Date, except for Fundamental Representations which shall be true and correct on the Closing Date.

9.2 Covenants.
The Company and each of the Sellers shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all of its covenants, agreements
and obligations contained in this Agreement and required to be performed and complied with by it at or before the Closing.

9.3 Illegality.
No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other
legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Share Purchase shall be in effect, nor shall any action
have been taken by any Governmental Authority seeking any of the foregoing, and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been
enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Share Purchase that makes the consummation of the Share Purchase illegal.

9.4
Completion of Concurrent Share Purchase. The Sellers or any of them has, not later than the Closing, completed the purchase of
the applicable number of Company Shares held as of the date hereof by Company Shareholders who are not parties to this Agreement.

9.5
Board Approval. The Company Board Resolutions shall have adopted.

9.6
Shareholders Approval. The Company Shareholders Resolutions shall have been adopted.

9.7 Receipt
of Closing Deliveries. Acquirer shall have received each of the following agreements, instruments, certificates and other documents,
all which shall have been in a form as attached to this Agreement, or, if not attached, in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Acquirer:

(a)
a certificate dated as of the Closing Date and executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, certifying that each
of the conditions set forth in Sections 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.4, 9.5 and 9.6 has been satisfied;

(b) The
Paying Agent Agreement duly executed and delivered by the Company, the Paying Agent and the Sellers;

(c) a
certificate duly executed by an executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date and certifying on behalf of the Company
that the Closing Spreadsheet (which shall be attached as an exhibit to such certificate) is true, correct and complete as of the Closing;

(d) resignation
notices issued by each of the directors of the Company in office immediately prior to the Closing (in their capacities as such and not
as employees), effective as of the Closing, unless Acquirer waives the aforesaid condition (in whole or in part) through a written request
to the Company that any one of the current members of the Board shall not resign at the Closing;

33

(e) duly
executed option surrender agreements in a form to be agreed between the Acquirer and the Company, signed by all Company Optionholders
who are to participate in the Acquirer Incentive Plan and receive options thereunder.

(f) duly
completed (unsigned) notices to the Registrar, ready for immediate filing, as are required for all matters arising from this Agreement
and the Transactions;

(g) evidence
reasonably satisfactory to Acquirer of the termination or waiver of any rights of first refusal, rights to any liquidation preference,
redemption rights, conversion rights and rights of notice of any Seller with respect to any of the Transactions, effective as of the
Closing and subject thereto;

(h) evidence
satisfactory to Acquirer of the receipt of (i) all of the consents, approvals and waivers listed on Schedule 9.7(h)(i) attached
hereto; and (ii) the amendment or termination, as applicable, of each of the Contracts listed on Schedule 9.6(h)(ii) attached
hereto;

9.8
AoA. The Company shall have adopted an amended and restated articles of incorporation in substantially the form attached hereto
as Schedule 9.7.

9.9 Founders
Employment Agreements. The Founders Employment Agreements shall have been duly executed by the Company and the Founders as
part of the Binding Agreements.

9.10 Amendment
of Employees Agreements. All of the employees of the Company remaining as of the Closing shall have executed new amended and restated
employment agreements in a form reasonably acceptable to the Acquirer.

9.11 Business
Plan. The Business Plan shall have been adopted.

9.12 Amendment
of Consultants Agreement. Agreement with certain consultants and service providers to be identified by the Acquirer shall be amended
to correct any issues discovered by the Acquirer over the course of performing due diligence.

9.13 Restrictive
Covenant Agreements. Each of the Founders and the Company shall have duly executed and delivered a Restrictive Covenants Agreement.

9.14 PCAOB
Audit. The Company shall have delivered copies of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and Company subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, and the related audited consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Company
and Company subsidiaries for such years in accordance with the auditing standards of the PCAOB and reasonably acceptable by the Acquirer,
in each case audited by a PCAOB qualified auditor (which is reasonably acceptable to the Acquirer) in accordance with PCAOB standards.

9.15 Removal
of Lien. The Lien shall have been removed or duly executed forms of de-registration shall have been filed with the Registrar.

9.16 No
Material Adverse Change. No Material Adverse Change shall have occurred between the Locked Box Date and the Closing Date.

34

Article
10

TERMINATION
OF AGREEMENT

10.1 Termination
Events. At any time prior to the Closing, this Agreement may be terminated and the Share Purchase abandoned by authorized action
taken by the terminating party:

(a)by mutual written consent by Acquirer and the Sellers; or

(b) by
either Acquirer or the Sellers by written notice to the other party, if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before the date that
is 120 days after the date of this Agreement (as may be extended by mutual written consent, the End Date); provided,
however, that a Party shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(b) if the failure to consummate
the Share Purchase by the End Date is primarily attributable to a failure on the part of such Party to perform any covenant in this Agreement
required to be performed by such Party at or prior to the Closing.by either Acquirer or the Sellers by written notice to the other Party,
if any permanent injunction or other order of a Governmental Authority restraining, enjoining or otherwise preventing the consummation
of the Share Purchase shall have become final and non-appealable; provided, however, that a Party shall not be permitted to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(c) (i) if such Party did not use reasonable best efforts to have such order vacated
prior to its becoming final and non-appealable or (ii) whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement shall have been a
material cause of, or resulted in, the occurrence of such order; or

(c) by
Acquirer, by written notice to the Sellers, if the Company or any Seller shall have materially breached any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement contained herein and such material breach shall not have been cured within thirty (30) days after receipt by the
Sellers from Acquirer of written notice of such breach; provided, however, that no such cure period shall be available or applicable
to any such breach which by its nature cannot be cured) and if not cured within the timeframe above and at or prior to the Closing, such
breach would result in the failure of any of the conditions set forth in Article 9 to be satisfied; or

(d) by
the Sellers, by written notice to Acquirer, if Acquirer shall have materially breached any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
contained herein and such material breach shall not have been cured within thirty (30) days after receipt by Acquirer from the Sellers
of written notice of such breach; provided, however, that no such cure period shall be available or applicable to any such breach which
by its nature cannot be cured, and if not cured within the timeframe above and at or prior to the Closing, such breach would result in
the failure of any of the conditions set forth in Article 8 to be satisfied.

10.2 Effect
of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 10.1, this Agreement shall be of
no further force or effect; provided, however, that (a) this Section 10.2 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and
shall remain in full force and effect and (b) nothing herein shall relieve any Party from any liability for fraud or for a material breach
of any covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement that is the consequence of an action or failure to act by the breaching party
with the knowledge that such action or failure to act would result in such material breach.

10.3 In
the event that this Agreement is terminated as described above, the Acquirer must return or delete all documents received from the Sellers
and/or the Company as part of the due diligence process. This includes any documents in the Acquirers possession, as well as those
downloaded to Acquirers computers or to the computers of Acquirers attorneys. In such event, under no circumstances is
the Acquirer permitted to utilize these documents for any purpose.

35

Article
11

SURVIVAL,
INDEMNIFICATION AND REMEDIES

11.1 Survival.
If the Share Purchase is consummated, the representations and warranties of the Company and of each Seller contained in this Agreement
(including the Disclosure Schedule and without derogating from the scope of the representations and warranties) shall survive the Closing
and remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made, disclosure received, or knowledge obtained, by or on behalf
of any of the parties to this Agreement until 11:59 p.m. Israel Time on the Release Date; provided that the representations and
warranties of the Company contained in Section 3.1 (Organization and Good Standing), Section 3.3 (Power, Authorization and
Validity), Section 3.4 (Capitalization of the Company), Section 3.7 (Taxes) and Section 3.10 (IP) (collectively,
the Company Fundamental Representations) and the representations and warranties of the Sellers contained in Section
4.1, Section 4.2 and Section 4.4 (the Sellers Fundamental Representations and together
with the Company Fundamental Representations, the Fundamental Representations) will remain in full force and effect,
regardless of any investigation made, disclosure received, or knowledge obtained, by or on behalf of any of the parties to this Agreement,
until 11:59 p.m. Israel Time on the date that is the end of the applicable statute of limitations under Applicable Law; provided
that (a) no right to indemnification pursuant to this Article 11 in respect of any claim that is set forth in a Notice of Claim
delivered prior to the expiration of the applicable survival period, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, shall be affected
by the expiration of such survival period and (b) such expiration shall not affect the rights of any Acquirer Indemnified Person under
this Article 11 or otherwise to seek recovery of Damages arising out of any Fraud (which shall be subject to the statute of limitations
under Applicable Law).

11.2 If
the Share Purchase is consummated, the representations and warranties of the Acquirer contained in this Agreement (without derogating
from the scope of the representations and warranties) shall survive the Closing and remain in full force and effect, regardless of any
investigation made, disclosure received, or knowledge obtained, by or on behalf of any of the parties to this Agreement, until 11:59
p.m. Israel Time on the Release Date. If the Share Purchase is consummated, all covenants of the parties hereunder shall expire and be
of no further force or effect as of the Closing, except to the extent such covenants provide that they are to be performed after the
Closing in which case they shall survive the Closing according to their terms.

11.3 Agreement
to Indemnify. Subject to the terms and conditions herein (including, for avoidance of doubt, the limitations set forth herein), each
Indemnifying Person shall, severally (based solely on each such Persons portion of the Consideration) and not jointly, indemnify,
defend and hold harmless the Acquirer and, following the Closing, also the Company, and any of the foregoings directors, officers,
successors and assigns (each, an Acquirer Indemnified Person) from and against losses, damages, costs, fees, penalties
and expenses (in each case, including any interest thereon) (including reasonable attorneys fees) that were actually suffered
by the Acquirer Indemnified Person (hereinafter collectively referred to as Damages), that any of the Acquirer Indemnified
Persons actually sustains, arising out of or in connection with the following:

(a) failure
of a representation or warranty made by the Company or any of the Sellers in any Transaction Document to be true and correct when made
and as of the Closing Date, with the same force and effect as if they had been made on the Closing Date (except in the case of representations
and warranties which by their terms speak only as of a specific date or dates, in which case, on and as of such specified date or dates);

(b) breach
or default of a covenant, agreement or obligation including but not limited to the Binding Agreements made by the Company or the Sellers
under any Transaction Document;

(c) inaccuracy
in the Closing Spreadsheet;

(d) Leakage
not otherwise taken into account in the Closing Spreadsheet;

36

(e) fraud
by or on behalf of the Company or a Seller (Fraud);

(f) any
Pre-Locked Box Date Taxes, (i) to the extent not specifically taken into account in the calculation of the Consideration, and (ii) net
of any Tax credits attributable to any Taxes paid or the Companys activity during the Pre-Locked Box Date Tax Period that are
actually received or utilized by the Company or its Affiliates and/or the Tax Refunds;

(g) severance,
pension, education fund, vacation and any other liabilities due to Company employees arising prior to the Locked Box Date;

(h) claims
made by current or former holders of any equity or debt of the Company (including, without limitation, the holders of any shares or any
options, warrants or other securities to purchase equity or debt of the Company) of any kind or nature whatsoever; and/or

11.4 Right
of Set-Off. The Acquirer shall have the right to withhold and set-off against future equity incentive securities due to the Sellers
(or some of them), the amount of Damages to which the Indemnifying Person is responsible, in any event subject to the Limited Indemnity
and other limitations set forth in this Article 11.

11.5
Limitations.

(a) Maximum
Indemnification. The aggregate liability of the Sellers (together) in respect of all Damages claimed under this Article 11 shall
not exceed (i) with respect to breach of representations and warranties other than Fundamental Representations, the aggregate indemnifiable
amount of US$ 250,000; (ii) with respect to breach of any Fundamental Representation, the aggregate indemnifiable amount of US$ 500,000,
provided that specifically with respect to breach of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 3.7
(Taxes), the aggregate indemnifiable amount of US$ 375,000; and in any event The aggregate liability of the Sellers (together) in respect
of (i) and (ii) above, shall not exceed an amount equal to US$ 500,000 (the Limited Indemnity). With respect to
each Seller, his/her aggregate liability in respect of all Damages claimed under this Article 11 shall be such Sellers pro-rata
portion of the Limited Indemnity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Limited Indemnity shall not apply to any event of Fraud.

(b)
Recourse. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any indemnifiable claim that is due and payable in
accordance with Section 11.8 below, the Acquirers recourse will be limited to each Sellers applicable portion of the Sellers
Incentive Securities.

(c)
Finality of the Indemnity. In any event, the aggregate Damages of the Acquirer Indemnified Persons payable by the Indemnifying
Persons shall not exceed the Limited Indemnity, and once such Limited Indemnity is paid (if applicable), no further claim and/or demand
for indemnification or compensation or consideration may be brought against the Indemnifying Persons.

(d) Eligibility
for Indemnification. Other than with respect to breach of Fundamental Representations or Fraud, for which no limitation shall apply,
no Acquirer Indemnified Person may seek to recover amounts in respect of a claim for indemnification that is made pursuant to this Article
11, unless and until the aggregate amount of Damages that may be claimed exceed US$50,000 (the Threshold), and once
the Threshold has been reached, the Acquirer Indemnified Person may make claims for indemnification and may recover Damages pursuant
to this Article 11 (including the amount of the Threshold) but in any case not more than the Limited Indemnity.

(e) Damages
shall be calculated net of actual amounts received under insurance policies, indemnification provisions or otherwise (in each case, net
of any applicable collection costs and reserves, deductibles, premium adjustments and retrospectively rated premiums) in respect of any
Damages sustained or incurred by any Acquirer Indemnified Person. It being understood that each Acquirer Indemnified Person shall make
commercially reasonable efforts, but shall not be obligated, to seek recovery under any insurance policies or indemnification provisions,
or from any other Person with respect to any particular Damages and the failure of an Acquirer Indemnified Person to seek recovery under
any insurance policies or indemnification provisions, or from any other Person shall not in any way affect or modify such Acquirer Indemnified
Persons rights under this Article 11. For the avoidance of any doubt, an Acquirer Indemnified Person shall not be entitled
to receive indemnification more than once with respect to the same Damages even if the state of facts giving rise to such Damages constitutes
a breach of more than one representation, warranty, covenant or agreement, and the indemnification obligations under this Article
11 shall apply only with respect to Damages which were not taken into account in any other arrangement under or with respect to this
Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents including within the Consideration calculation.

37

(f) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, no Indemnifying Person will have any right of indemnification from Acquirer, or the Company with respect
to Damages claimed by any Acquirer Indemnified Person pursuant to this Article 11.

(g) Other
than in the event of Fraud, an Indemnifying Person shall have no liability for any Damages which are punitive, consequential or indirect
(including in connection with reputation or goodwill (other than diminution of the Companys value), loss of profit or revenue,
or loss of business or opportunity).

11.6 Notice
of Claim.

(a) As
used herein, the term Claim means a claim for indemnification of Acquirer or any other Acquirer Indemnified Person
for Damages under this Article 11. Acquirer may give notice of a Claim under this Agreement, whether for its own Damages or on
behalf of another Acquirer Indemnified Person, for Damages incurred by such other Acquirer Indemnified Person, by delivering, promptly
upon learning of the circumstances or events which give rise to such Claim, a written notice to the Sellers executed by an officer of
Acquirer (a Notice of Claim) with respect to any matter arising from or relating to (i) any matter listed in Section
11.3; or (ii) the assertion, whether orally or in writing, against the applicable Acquirer Indemnified Person of a claim, demand
or Action brought by a third party against Acquirer or such other Acquirer Indemnified Person (in each such case, a Third-Party
Claim) that is based on the foregoing clauses of Section 11.3.

(b) Each
Notice of Claim by Acquirer given pursuant to Section 11.5(a) shall contain the following information (subject to Applicable Law):

(i) that
the applicable Acquirer Indemnified Person has incurred or paid or that it is reasonably believed, in good faith, that it may incur or
pay, Damages (or that with respect to any Tax matters, that any Tax Authority may raise such matter in an audit of Acquirer, the Company
or any of their respective Affiliates, which could give rise to indemnifiable Damages);

(ii) the
amount of such Damage; in the case of Damage not yet actually paid or incurred, then a reasonable, good faith, non-binding estimate of
the amount of such Damages, followed by an additional Notice of Claim when such Damage are actually paid or incurred; and

(iii) a
description, in reasonable detail (based on the information then possessed by Acquirer), of the facts, circumstances or events giving
rise to such Damages based on Acquirers good faith belief thereof, including (w) the basis for such anticipated liability and
the nature of the breach to which such Damages are related, (x) the identity of any third-party claimant (to the extent reasonably available
to Acquirer), (y) the individual items of Damages included in the amount so stated, and (z) the nature of the misrepresentation, breach
of warranty, covenant or specific indemnity to which such Damages and the material facts giving rise to the claim.

38

(c) provided
that the Notice of Claim (A) need only specify such information to the knowledge of any Acquirer Indemnified Person as of the date
thereof (followed by an additional Notice of Claim, when and if additional information becomes known), (B) shall not limit any of the
rights or remedies of any Acquirer Indemnified Person with respect to the underlying facts and circumstances specifically set forth in
such Notice of Claim, and (C) may be updated and amended from time to time by Acquirer by delivering an updated or amended Notice of
Claim; provided, further, that all Claims for Damages properly set forth in the original Notice of Claim or any update
or amendment thereto, duly delivered in accordance with this Article 11 (including, delivery thereof until the lapse of the applicable
survival period as set forth), shall remain outstanding until such Claims for Damages have been resolved or satisfied, notwithstanding
the expiration of the survival period pursuant to Section 11.1. No delay on the part of Acquirer in giving the Sellers a Notice
of Claim (or any update or amendment thereto) within the applicable survival period shall relieve any Indemnifying Person from any of
their respective obligations under this Article 11 unless (and then only to the extent that) the Indemnifying Persons are materially
prejudiced thereby.

(d) For
removal of doubt, nothing in this Section 11.6 shall modify or derogate from the other provision of Article 11 in its entirety including
any and all limitations set forth herein.

11.7 Defense
of Third-Party Claims.

(a) Under
the Acquirer responsibility and at its own expense, the Acquirer shall have the right to conduct the investigation, defense and the settlement,
adjustment or compromise of any Third-Party Claim.

(b) Each
Seller shall have the right to participate in, but not to determine or control, the defense of any Third-Party Claim or settlement, adjustment
or compromise thereof at its own cost. In addition, Acquirer shall provide Sellers with copies of all pleadings, notices, filings and
communications with respect to the Third-Party Claim in a timely manner (to the extent that receipt of such documents by the Sellers
does not affect any privilege relating to the Acquirer Indemnified Person). However, Acquirer shall have the right in its sole discretion
to determine and conduct the investigation and defense and the settlement, adjustment or compromise of the Third-Party Claim; provided
that Acquirer shall reasonably and in good faith consider input and comments provided by the Sellers with respect to the proceedings
of any Third-Party Claim and shall discuss such inputs and comments with the Sellers; in each case to the extent such input and comments
do not adversely affect Acquirers timely and effective pursuit of the investigation, defense and the settlement, adjustment or
compromise of the Third-Party Claim.

(c) No
settlement, adjustment or compromise of any such Third-Party Claim with any third party claimant shall be determinative of the existence
or the amount of Damages or any of the Acquirer Indemnified Persons entitlement to indemnity relating to such matter according
to Article 11, except with the prior written consent of the Sellers Majority, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed and which shall be deemed to have been given if the Sellers have not objected within fifteen (15) days after receipt
of a written request for such consent by Acquirer. In the event that the Sellers Majority has consented to any such settlement,
adjustment or compromise, as aforementioned, the Sellers shall have any power or authority to object under any provision of this Article
11 to the amount of any claim by or on behalf of any Acquirer Indemnified Person against the Indemnifying Persons for indemnification
with respect to such settlement, adjustment or compromise, provided, that nothing in such consent shall be deemed as an agreement
to waive or amend any limitation on such indemnification and any indemnity with respect thereto shall be subject to the limitations contained
in this Article 11. For the avoidance of doubt, no settlement, adjustment or compromise of any such Third-Party Claim may be made
by the Sellers without the prior written consent of Acquirer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
Consent of the Sellers Majority to a settlement or compromise and the cooperation of the Sellers with respect to handling of a
Third Party Claim shall not constitute an admission or acceptance of responsibility of the Sellers with respect to matters claimed under
such Third Party Claim.

39

11.8 Resolution
of Notice of Claim. Each Notice of Claim given by Acquirer in accordance with the terms and conditions herein shall be resolved as
follows:

(a) Review
of Notice of Claim. During the thirty (30) days period commencing upon the date that a Notice of Claim has been duly delivered
to the Sellers in accordance with this Article 11 (the Review Period), the Sellers Majority may deliver
to Acquirer a written response on behalf of all Sellers (a Response Notice) in which the Sellers either: (A) agree
to the Claims and Damages claimed in the Notice of Claim as owed to the Acquirer Indemnified Persons (the Claimed Amount);
(B) agree that a portion, but not all, of the Claims or Damages claimed in the Notice of Claim (the Agreed Amount)
are owed to the Acquirer Indemnified Person; or (C) indicate that no Claims or Damages claimed in the Notice of Claim are owed to the
Acquirer Indemnified Person. Any Claims or Damages claimed that are not agreed to be owed to the Acquirer Indemnified Person pursuant
to the Response Notice shall be referred to as a Contested Amount. Consent of the Sellers Majority with respect
to an Agreed Amount or failure to respond to the Notice of Claim shall not constitute an admission or acceptance of responsibility of
the Sellers with respect to matters claimed under the applicable Third Party Claim.

(i) No
Contested Amount. If the Sellers Majority delivers to the Acquirer a Response Notice agreeing to the Notice of Claim and to
the Claimed Amount or Agreed Amount, as applicable, the Sellers shall be deemed to have consented to the Claimed Amount or Agreed Amount,
as applicable and, without further notice, to have stipulated to the entry of a final judgment for damages against the Indemnifying Persons
for such amount in any court having jurisdiction over the matter where venue is proper. In such case, the Indemnifying Persons shall
pay to the Acquirer Indemnified Person, in each case subject to the limitations set forth under this Article 11, the Agreed Amount
or Claimed Amount, as applicable. Upon such payment by the Sellers, the Sellers shall not have any responsibility and/or obligation to
pay any other amount for Damages which is not an Agreed Amount or the Claimed Amount, as applicable with respect to the applicable Notice
of Claim.

(b) Contested
Amounts. If the Sellers Majority gives Acquirer a Response Notice within the Review Period indicating that there is a Contested
Amount, then such Contested Amount shall be resolved by either (i) a written settlement agreement executed by Acquirer and the Sellers
Majority, on behalf of all Sellers (to be negotiated in good-faith) or (ii) in the absence of such a written settlement agreement within
ninety (90) days following receipt by Acquirer of the Response Notice, either party may refer the matter to binding litigation between
Acquirer and the Sellers in accordance with the terms and provisions of Section 12.1. Such written settlement or final and non-appealable
decision by the court shall be binding on the Parties and, upon such receipt, Acquirer shall be entitled to receive the amount of Damages
stipulated by the court or settlement. If the Sellers Majority does not provide any Response Notice within the Review Period it
shall be deemed to have rejected, on behalf of all Indemnifying Persons, the Claimed Amount, which shall be considered, in full, as a
Contested Amount.

11.9 Treatment
of Indemnification Payments. The Sellers and Acquirer agree to treat (and cause their Affiliates to treat) any payment received pursuant
to this Article 11 as adjustments to the Consideration for all Tax purposes.

11.10 Exclusive
Remedy. Without derogating from any provision set forth in Article 11, Acquirer and Acquirer Indemnified Person agree that Acquirer
Indemnified Persons sole and exclusive remedy after the Closing with respect to any and all Damages for the matters listed under
Section 11.3, and any and all Damages with respect to any representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement,
shall be recovered pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in this Article 11; provided, however, that
the foregoing sentence shall not be deemed a waiver by any party of any right to enforcement of performance of obligations or injunctive
relief.

40

Article
12

MISCELLANEOUS

12.1 Governing
Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with to the laws of the State of Israel, disregarding
its conflict of laws rules. Any dispute arising under or in relation to this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively in the courts located
in Tel-Aviv, Israel and each of the parties hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court. Each of the Parties
hereto (i) consents to submit itself to the exclusive jurisdiction of the abovementioned courts in the event any dispute arises out of
this Agreement or the Transactions, (ii) agrees that it shall not attempt to deny or defeat such jurisdiction by motion or other request
for leave from the abovementioned courts, (iii) agrees that it shall not bring any action relating to this Agreement or the Transactions
in any courts other than the abovementioned courts, and (iv) irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided by Section
12.8 or as otherwise provided by Applicable Law.

12.2 Assignment;
Binding Upon Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of Acquirer and the
Sellers, including any successor to, or assignee of, all or substantially all of the business and assets of Acquirer or any Seller. No
party hereto may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
Any assignment in violation of this provision shall be void.

12.3 Severability.
If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from
this Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms and interpreted so as to give effect,
to the fullest extent consistent with and permitted by Applicable Law, to the meaning and intention of the excluded provision.

12.4 Counterparts.
This Agreement and any Transaction Document may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument, binding and enforceable against the parties so executing the same; it being understood that all parties need not
sign the same counterpart. Counterparts may also be delivered by facsimile or email transmission (in pdf format or the like, or signed
with Docusign, e-sign or any similar form of signature by electronic means) and any counterpart so delivered shall be sufficient to bind
the parties to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, as an original.

12.5 Other
Remedies. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party hereunder shall
be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby or by law on such party, and the exercise of any one
remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any
of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly
agreed that notwithstanding Section 12.1, the parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches
of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court having jurisdiction.

12.6 Amendments
and Waivers. Any term or provision of this Agreement may be amended, and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived
(either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only by a written instrument making specific
reference to this Agreement, signed by: (i) prior to the Closing, the Company, and Acquirer, and (ii) following the Closing, Acquirer
and the Sellers Majority provided that any amendment adversely effecting a Seller in a disproportionate manner shall require such
Sellers consent. The waiver by a party of any breach hereof or default in the performance hereof shall not be deemed to constitute
a waiver of any other default or any succeeding breach or default. The failure of any party to enforce any of the provisions hereof shall
not be construed to be a waiver of the right of such party thereafter to enforce such provisions.

41

12.7 Expenses.
Except as otherwise provided herein, each party shall bear its respective legal, auditors, investment bankers and financial
advisors fees and other expenses incurred with respect to this Agreement, the Share Purchase and the other Transactions.

12.8 Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder shall be in writing. Any notice, request, demand, claim or
other communication hereunder shall be deemed duly given: (a) if personally delivered, when so delivered; (b) if mailed, five (5) Business
Days after having been sent by first class, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed to
the intended recipient as set forth below; (c) if given by email, once such notice or other communication is transmitted to the email
address specified below (with electronic confirmation of receipt, other than by an automatically-generated reply); or (d) if sent through
a nationally-recognized overnight delivery service that guarantees next day delivery, the Business Day following its delivery to such
service in time for next day delivery:

If
to Acquirer:

Global
AI, Inc.

110
Front Street, Suite 300, Jupiter, FL 33477, USA

Attention:
Darko Horvat

Email:
darko.horvat@global.ai

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Pearl
Cohen Zedek Latzer Baratz

121
Menachem Rd.,

Tel
Aviv-Jaffa, Israel

Attention:
Adv. Doron Latzer

Email:
dlatzer@pearlcohen.com

If
to the Company:

Tectu
Biz Ltd.

17
Hardufim St. Herzeliya

Attention:
Ari Margalit

Email:
ari@tectu.io

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sagiv
Belzer & Co.

3B
Nirim St., Beit Canada, Tel Aviv, Israel

Attention:
Adv. Erez Sagiv

Email:
erez@sagivlaw.com

If
to Sellers:

to
the address set forth opposite the name of each Sellers in Exhibit A.

12.9 Interpretation;
Rules of Construction. When a reference is made in this Agreement to Exhibits, Annexes or Schedules, such reference shall be to an
Exhibit, Annex or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. When a reference is made in this Agreement to Articles, Sections,
sub-sections, clauses or sub-clauses, such reference shall be to an Article, Section, sub-section, clause or sub-clause of this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated. The words include and including when used herein shall be deemed in each case
to be followed by the words without limitation. Reference to a gender shall include all genders and words importing the
singular number only shall include the plural and vice versa. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only
and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Reference to the subsidiaries of an Entity shall be
deemed to include all direct and indirect subsidiaries of such Entity. The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by legal
counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding
or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document shall be construed against the party drafting such
agreement or document. Any reference to a day or a number of days (without explicit reference to Business Days)
shall be interpreted as a reference to a calendar day or number of calendar days, and if any action is to be taken or given on or by
a particular calendar day, and such calendar day is not a Business Day, then such action may be deferred until the first Business Day
thereafter.

12.10 Third
Party Beneficiary Rights. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties
hereto any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except that Article 11 is intended
to benefit the Acquirer Indemnified Persons.

12.11 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents including the Binding Agreements constitute the full and entire understanding
and agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, among any of the parties hereto, with respect to the subject matter hereof (with no concession being made as to the
existence of any such prior agreements or understandings). The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or
usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

42

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Acquirer, the Company, and the Sellers have caused this Share Purchase Agreement to be executed and delivered by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written above.

ACQUIRER:

GLOBAL AI, INC.

By: /s/
Nevenka Cresnar Pergar

Name: Nevenka
Cresnar Pergar

Title:
Chairwoman
of the Board of Directors

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Acquirer, the Company, and the Sellers have caused this Share Purchase Agreement to be executed and delivered by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

TECTU BIZ LTD.

By: /s/
Ari Margalit

Name: Ari
Margalit

Title: Director

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Acquirer, the Company, and the Sellers have caused this Share Purchase Agreement to be executed and delivered by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written above.

SELLERS:

ARI MARGALIT

By: 

/s/
Ari Margalit

SNIR SMUZIK

By: 

/s/ Snir Smuzik

NETA YARDENI

By: /s/
Neta Yardeni

MICHAEL MARGOLIS

By: /s/
Michael Margolis

ANNEX
I

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below.

Acquirer
Stock means shares of Common Stock of the Acquirer, par value of US$ 0.001 each per share, which, for the purposes of calculation
of the Consideration and the Closing Payment, each having an agreed upon, fixed value of US$ 2.00.

Action
means any action, suit, litigation, arbitration, mediation, proceeding, claim, allegation, demand, charge, prosecution, investigation,
inquiry, hearing, audit, examination or subpoena (whether (i) civil, criminal, administrative, judicial, investigative or appellate,
(ii) formal or informal, (iii) public or private, or (iv) at law or at equity) commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before, or
otherwise involving, any court, arbitrator, mediator or other Governmental Authority or tribunal.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposed of this definition, the term control (including
the correlative meanings of the terms controlled by and under common control with) means the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management policies of a Person, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by Contract or otherwise.

Applicable
Law means, with respect to any Person, any applicable federal, state, foreign, local, municipal or other law, statute, constitution,
legislation, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, directive, license, permit, regulation, extension
order, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority
of any Governmental Authority and applicable to such Person or such Persons Affiliates and any Orders applicable to such Person
or such Persons Affiliates or any of their respective assets, properties or businesses.

Business
Day means any day on which banking institutions in New York and in the State of Israel are generally open to the public for
conducting business and are not required to close by Applicable Law.

Cash
means (i) cash and cash equivalents on hand and (ii) unrestricted cash deposits with any financial, banking, lending or other similar
institution.

Certificate
means a share certificate representing (or, after the Closing, formerly representing) shares of Company Share Capital issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Closing.

Charter
Documents means the Articles of Association of the Company, including all amendments thereto, as existing on the Effective
Date.

Closing
means the closing of the Transactions.

Closing
Date means the date on which the Closing takes place.

Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Company
Business means the business of the Company as presently conducted.

Company
Contractor means any current or former consultant, board member, advisory board member and independent contractor of the Company,
including services providers, manpower companies and their employees, freelancers and sub-contractors.

Company
Optionholders means the holders of Company Options.

Company
Options means options to purchase Company Shares that are granted and outstanding.

Company
Promised Options means promised options to purchase Company Shares that were not yet granted by the Company but have become
vested in accordance with the terms thereof as of immediately prior to the Closing.

Company
Share Capital means the Companys issued and outstanding share capital.

Company
Shareholders means the holders of Company Shares, excluding the Acquirer and any Affiliate thereof.

Company
Shares means the Company Ordinary Shares, each having a nominal value of NIS 0.01.

Closing
Payment means the total combined amount equal to (i) the Consideration, less (ii) any Leakage made or expected to be
made from the Locked Box Date until the Closing.

Consideration
means a total combined amount (or value) of (i) US$ 490,000 in cash, subject to the provisions of Section 1.12 with respect to the Loan;
and (ii) US$ 510,000 in either cash or 255,000 Acquirer Stock (or a combination thereof, as determined by the Acquirer at its sole discretion);
totaling to US$ 1,000,000, which constitutes the equity value of the Company on a Cash-free Debt-free basis as of the Locked Box Date.

Continuing
Employee means each individual who is an employee of the Company immediately prior to the Closing and continues to be an employee
of Company immediately following the Closing.

Contract
means any legally binding written or oral contract, agreement or instrument, commitment, or undertaking of any nature (including leases,
subleases, licenses, mortgages, notes, guarantees, sublicenses, subcontracts and purchase orders) as of the Effective Date, including
all amendments, supplements, exhibits, annexes and schedules thereto.

Debt
means, without duplication: (i) all obligations (including the principal amount thereof or, if applicable, the accreted amount thereof
and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest thereon) of the Company, whether or not represented by bonds, debentures, notes or other
securities (whether or not convertible into any other security), for the repayment of money borrowed, whether owing to banks, financial
institutions, on equipment leases or otherwise, (ii) all deferred indebtedness of the Company or for the payment of the purchase price
of property or assets purchased (including any earn-out or other similar payment, whether or not contingent) (other than accounts payable
incurred in the ordinary course of business that are not yet overdue), (iii) all obligations of the Company to pay rent or other payment
amounts under a lease which is required to be classified as a capital lease or a liability on the face of a balance sheet prepared in
accordance with GAAP, (iv) all outstanding checks or drafts or any overdue payments and Liabilities of the Company and any security deposits
by others held by the Company, (v) all outstanding reimbursement obligations of the Company with respect to letters of credit, bankers
acceptances or similar facilities issued for the account of the Company, (vi) all obligations of the Company under any interest rate
swap agreement, forward rate agreement, interest rate cap or collar agreement or other financial agreement or arrangement entered into
for the purpose of limiting or managing interest rate risks, (vii) all obligations secured by any Encumbrance existing on property owned
by the Company, whether or not indebtedness secured thereby will have been assumed, (viii) all premiums, penalties, fees, expenses, breakage
costs and change of control payments required to be paid or offered in respect of any of the foregoing on prepayment (regardless if any
of such are actually paid), as a result of the consummation of the Transactions or in connection with any lender consent, (ix) all unfunded
amounts or deficits in coverage of any severance fund or other Company Benefit Arrangement by assets specifically reserved for such funding,
(x) all accrued but unpaid bonuses and sales commissions (including the Founders Bonus); (xi) vacation days accrued up to (and
including) the Locked Box Date, which are described in Schedule 1, (xii) all guaranties, endorsements, assumptions and other obligations
of the Company in respect of, or to purchase or to otherwise acquire, any of the obligations and other matters of the kind described
in any of the clauses (i) through (xii) appertaining to third parties.

Encumbrance
means, with respect to any asset (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any shares), any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation,
charge, security interest, title retention device, collateral assignment, adverse claim, restriction, infringement, interference, option,
right of first refusal, preemptive right, community property interest or other encumbrance or restriction of any kind in respect of such
asset (including any restriction on the voting of any security and any restriction on the transfer of any security or other asset).

Entity
means any corporation (including a non-profit corporation), general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership,
joint venture, estate, trust, proprietorship, company (including any company limited by shares, limited liability company or joint stock
company), firm, society, enterprise, association, organization or other entity.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Founders
means each of Ari Margalit, Snir Smuzik, Neta Yardeni and Mike Margolis.

Founders
Bonus means a right of the Founders to receive a lump-sum transaction bonus(es), from Company cash resources prior to the
Locked Box Date.

GAAP
means Israeli generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board
and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board,
that are applicable to the circumstances of the date of determination, consistently applied.

Governmental
Authority means any: (i) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction
of any nature, (ii) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government, (iii) governmental authority of any nature (including
any governmental division, department, agency, commission, instrumentality, official, ministry, fund, foundation, center, organization,
unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal), or (iv) Entity to whom a Governmental Authority has assigned or delegated any
authority or oversight responsibilities.

Indemnifying
Persons means each of the Sellers.

Intellectual
Property means Intellectual Property Rights and Technology.

Intellectual
Property Rights means any and all industrial and intellectual property rights and all intangible rights associated therewith,
throughout the world, including: (i) all patents and applications therefor and all reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals,
continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (ii) all rights in inventions (whether patentable or not), invention disclosures, improvements,
trade secrets, proprietary information, know how, Technology, technical data, proprietary processes and formulae, algorithms, specifications,
customer lists and supplier lists, (iii) all rights in industrial designs and any registrations and applications therefor, (iv) all rights
in trade names, logos, trade dress, trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations, trademark and service mark
applications, and any and all goodwill associated with and symbolized by the foregoing items, (v) all rights in Internet domain name
registrations, Internet and World Wide Web URLs or addresses, (vi) all copyrights, copyright registrations and applications therefor,
and all other rights corresponding thereto, (vii) all rights in mask works, mask work registrations and applications therefor, and any
equivalent or similar rights in semiconductor masks, layouts, architectures or topology, (viii) all rights in computer software, including
all source code, object code, firmware, development tools, files, records and data, (ix) all rights in schematics, netlists, test methodologies,
test vectors, emulation and simulation tools and reports, (x) all rights in hardware development tools, prototypes, breadboards and other
devices, (xi) all rights in databases and data collections, (xii) all rights in moral and economic rights of authors and inventors, however
denominated, (xiii) all rights in business methods (encompassing proprietary rights in business processes, strategies, and practices),
social media accounts and related rights (including ownership and control of usernames, handles, pages, follower data, content posted,
and associated goodwill on social media platforms), and rights in advertising materials and marketing collateral (covering proprietary
rights in advertisements, brochures, catalogs, promotional content, digital and print media, and any other materials used to promote
the goods, services, or brand of the Company.

IRS
means the Internal Revenue Service.

Israeli
Companies Law means the Israeli Companies Law, 1999, as amended and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Israeli
Income Tax Ordinance means the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961, as amended, and any rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

Israeli
Law means Applicable Laws of the State of Israel.

ITA
means the Israel Tax Authority.

knowledge
(including the correlative meanings of the terms know, knowing and
known) means, with respect to any fact, circumstance, event or other matter in question, the actual knowledge
of such fact, circumstance, event or other matter [of the Founders 1], together with such knowledge that: (A) such Person
could reasonably have been expected to become aware of in the ordinary course of performing such Persons relevant duties; or
(B) such Person could reasonably have been expected to become aware of by making reasonable inquiries (such reasonable inquiries do
not require the Company to conduct any patent search, freedom to operate, infringement or any similar search specifically for the
Transaction) of such matter (including asking those individuals responsible for the matters in question).

Leakage
means without duplication, any of the following (in each case, with respect to the gross amount (including any Taxes) paid or payable),
except to the extent they are Permitted Leakage:

(A) any
payment of dividends or other payment with respect to Ordinary Shares or convertible securities, repurchase or redemption by the Company
of or otherwise in connection with Ordinary Shares or convertible securities or other distribution with respect to the Ordinary Shares
or convertible securities, held by the Company Shareholders, if declared, paid or made, as applicable, from the Locked Box Date until
the Closing Date;

(B) any
payments, in cash or in kind, made or agreed to be made by the Company to, on behalf and for the account of, or in lieu of, any of the
Company Shareholders or their Affiliates, including but not limited to any such payments made in connection with the redemption, purchase,
or repayment of any securities of the Company or any other return of capital, and any payments of management, monitoring, service of
directors fees or other, any payments from the share premium account, paid or made from the Locked Box Date until the Closing
Date; in each case not in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;

(C) any
assets transferred to the Company Shareholders and any liabilities of the Company Shareholders that are assumed, indemnified, or incurred
by the Company from the Locked Box Date until to the Closing Date;

(D) any
waiver of any outstanding debt of the Company Shareholders or any of their Affiliates to the Company, by a Company Shareholder, if made
from the Locked Box Date until the Closing Date;

(E) any
payment of bonuses, commissions, or other compensation outside the ordinary course of business (excluding the Founders Bonus if
paid or payable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement);

(F) any
write-off or forgiveness of receivables or other amounts owed to the Company;

(G) any
sale, transfer, license or encumbrance of material Company assets at below fair market value;

(H) any
payment, transfer or other transaction that has the purpose or effect of circumventing or avoiding the restrictions set forth above;
and

(I) any
agreement or undertaking by the Company to do any of the matters set forth above.

Liability
means any debt, obligation, duty or liability of any nature (whether direct or indirect, known or unknown, disclosed or un-disclosed,
matured or un-matured, accrued or un-accrued, asserted or un-asserted, absolute or contingent, determined or conditional, express or
implied, fixed or variable and whether vicarious, derivative, joint, several or secondary), including any such debt, obligation, duty
or liability arising under any Applicable Law, Contract or Action, regardless of whether any such debt, obligation, duty or liability
would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, including the notes thereto.

Locked
Box Date means December 31, 2024.

Material
Adverse Change means any significant, material and substantial change event, circumstance, condition or effect that, individually
or in the aggregate, taking into account all other changes, events, circumstances, conditions or effects, including any change in Applicable
Law relating to the Company or the Acquirer (whether in Israel or abroad), is or is reasonably likely to: (i) be materially and substantially
adverse to the condition (financial or otherwise), capitalization, properties, products, assets (including intangible assets), Intellectual
Property, liabilities, business, operations or results of operations of the Company, taken as a whole; or (ii) materially impede or delay
the ability of the Acquirer, the Company or the Sellers to perform a substantial obligation hereunder or otherwise to consummate the
Transactions or the ability of the Acquirer to substantially operate the business of the Company after the Closing.

NDA
that certain Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement by and between the Company and the Acquirer, dated as of October 16, 2024.

Non-Continuing
Employees shall mean all employees other than Continuing Employees.

Order
means any order, writ, injunction, judgment, decision, ruling, decree, award, determination or stipulation issued, promulgated or entered
by, or any settlement or other agreement under the jurisdiction of, any court, arbitrator, mediator or other Governmental Authority or
tribunal.

Open
Source Materials (i) means any software that (A) contains, or is derived in any manner (in whole or in part) from, any software
that is distributed as free software, open source software (including Linux) or (B) requires as a condition of its use, modification
or distribution that it, or other software incorporated, distributed with, or derived from it, be disclosed or distributed in source
code form or made available at no charge and (ii) includes software licensed under the GNUs General Public License (GPL), Affero
GPL, or Lesser/Library GPL, the Mozilla Public License, the Netscape Public License, the Eclipse Public License, the Common Development
and Distribution License, the Sun Community Source License, the Sun Industry Standards License, the BSD License, a Microsoft Shared Source
License, the Common Public License, the Apache License, and any license listed at www.opensource.org.

PCAOB
means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

Permitted
Encumbrances means: (i) statutory liens for Taxes that are not yet due and payable nor delinquent or liens for Taxes being
contested in good faith by any appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii)
statutory liens to secure obligations to landlords, lessors or renters under leases or rental agreements, (iii) deposits or pledges made
in connection with, or to secure payment of, workers compensation, unemployment insurance or similar programs mandated by Applicable
Law, (iv) statutory liens in favor of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics and materialmen, to secure claims for labor, materials or supplies
and other like liens, (v) liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of Applicable Law to secure payments
of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods and (vi) non-exclusive object code licenses of software by the Company
in the ordinary course of business.

Permitted
Leakage means (i) payment of any Taxes in the ordinary course of business including due to assessments (for the avoidance
of doubt, payment of Taxes as a result of any of the matters set forth in the items listed in the definition of Leakage shall not be
considered Permitted Leakage), (ii) payment of salaries and other benefits to current employees and service providers of the Company
in accordance with the terms of their engagement in effect as of the date hereof; (iii) day-to-day operational payments made in the ordinary
course of business, consistent with past practices; and (iv) any Leakage that the parties hereto specifically agreed in writing to treat
as Permitted Leakage.

Person
means any natural person, Entity or Governmental Authority.

Pre-Locked
Box Date Taxes means (i) any Taxes of the Company for a Taxable period (or portion thereof) ending on or prior to the Locked
Box Date and (ii) any Taxes of any other Person for which the Company is liable if the agreement, event or occurrence giving rise to
such Liability occurred on or before the Locked Box Date. For clarity, the term Pre-Locked Box Date Taxes includes any payroll taxes
or other Taxes of the Company arising in connection with any payment required pursuant to, or arising as a result of, this Agreement
or the Transactions, whether or not such Taxes are due and payable as of the Locked Box Date. In the case of any Taxes of the Company
that are imposed on a periodic basis and that are payable for a Taxable period that includes (but does not end on) the Locked Box Date,
such Taxes shall (x) in the case of property, ad valorem or other Taxes that accrue based upon the passage of time, be deemed to be Pre-
Locked Box Date Taxes in an amount equal to the amount of such Taxes for the entire Taxable period multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
of which is the number of days in the Taxable period through and including the Locked Box Date and the denominator of which is the number
of days in the entire Taxable period, and (y) in the case of any other Taxes, be deemed to be Pre-Locked Box Date Taxes in an amount
equal to the amount of Taxes that would be payable if the relevant Taxable period ended on Locked Box Closing Date.

Pre-Locked
Box Date Tax Period means any taxable period ending on or before the Locked Box Date.

Qualified
Withholding Certificate means a valid certificate or ruling issued by the ITA in form and substance acceptable to Acquirer
and the Paying Agent (i) exempting the Acquirer from the duty to withhold Israeli Taxes with respect to any Person, (ii) determining
the applicable rate of Israeli Taxes to be withheld from the payment due to such Person, or (iii) providing any other instructions by
the ITA regarding the payment or withholding with respect to the applicable portion of the consideration due to such Person. For the
avoidance of doubt, a Qualified Withholding Certificate shall be specific for this Transaction and in any event shall not include an
assets and services type of certificate.

Registrar
means the Israeli Registrar of Companies operating under the Israeli Corporations Authority.

Release
Date means the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date.

Section
3(i) means Section 3(i) of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance.

Section
102 means Section 102 of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Sellers
Incentive Securities means the options or other restricted securities to be issued or granted to the Sellers at or as early
as practicable following the Closing under the terms of Acquirer Incentive Plan and the grant instrument to be entered into by and between
the Acquirer and each Seller.

Sellers
Majority means Sellers who sold at least a majority of the Acquired Shares sold by all Sellers.

Spreadsheet
means a spreadsheet in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E, which sets forth the following information: (i) the names of all
of the Sellers and their respective addresses, e-mail addresses and, where available, the Israeli identification number and taxpayer
identification number, (ii) the number and type of Company Shares held by each of the Sellers, (iii) the aggregate cash amounts payable
to each Seller, (vii) the pro-rata share of each Seller among the Sellers, and (viii) a funds flow memorandum setting forth other information
reasonably requested by Acquirer or the Paying Agent.

Stock
Consideration means, if any, the portion of the Closing Payment to be paid by the Acquirer in Acquirer Stock.

Straddle
Period means any Tax period beginning before or on the Locked Box Date and ending after the Locked Box Date.

Tax
(and, with correlative meaning, Taxes and Taxable) means any net or gross income, gross receipts,
capital gains, franchise, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, sales, use, ad valorem, goods and services, transfer, registration,
value added, excise, natural resources, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental, customs, duties, real
property, share capital, social security, national health insurance, municipal taxes, unemployment, employment, disability, payroll,
license, employee or other withholding, contributions or other tax, of any kind whatsoever, duties, fees, levies or similar governmental
charges or assessment of any nature, whether disputed or not, including any interest, consumer price index linkage, penalties or additions
to tax or additional amounts in respect of the foregoing.

Tax
Authority means any Governmental Authority responsible for the imposition, administration, assessment and/or collection of
any Tax.

Tax
Refund means any refunds of Taxes paid by the Company prior to the Closing.

Tax
Return means any return, declaration, statement, form, report, estimate, claim for refund, information return or other document
(including any related or supporting schedule, statement or information) filed or required to be filed with a Tax Authority with respect
to Taxes.

Technology
means any or all of the following: (i) works of authorship including software programs, modules, algorithms, and schematics, whether
in source code or executable code form, documentation (including programmers notes and annotations, technical and user documentation,
specifications, manuals, instructions, designs, layouts, plans, drawings and bills of materials), (ii) databases, data compilations and
collections and technical data, (iii) technology, methods and processes, algorithms and formulae, and (iv) devices, prototypes, designs,
specifications and schematics.

Transaction
Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the exhibits, annexes and schedules to this Agreement, together with the Company
Disclosure Schedule, the Shareholder Letters of Transmittal, the Binding Agreements and any other agreement, document, instrument or
certificate contemplated by this Agreement.

U.S.
GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time, consistently applied
throughout the periods presented.

*
* * * *
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Global
AI Inc. (OTC: GLAI) announces the acquisition of Tectu Biz Ltd

NEW
YORK, NY, January 7, 2025 Global AI Inc. (OTC: GLAI) announces the acquisition of Tectu Biz Ltd., an Israeli company specializing
in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning. This acquisition strengthens Global AIs position in the AI sector and supports
the companys growth and innovation goals.

About
Tectu Biz Ltd.

Tectu
develops AI and machine learning solutions to drive digital transformation. The company partners with organizations to streamline operations,
address challenges, and create new opportunities.

Tectus
Core Offerings:

1. AI
governance platforms Technology solutions enable organizations to manage the legal,
ethical, and operational performance of their AI systems

2. Technology
Solutions Tectu designs and delivers AI-driven automation, predictive analytics,
and advanced IT tools to help businesses stay competitive.

3. Digital
Transformation Tectu integrates AI into digital tools to enhance customer experiences,
improve operations, and create new revenue streams. The company works across industries and
provides tailored AI strategies.

4. System
Modernization and Product Discovery Tectu updates enterprise systems to meet
current technological standards. The company conducts product discovery to identify operational
inefficiencies and recommends AI solutions to improve processes.

5. Data
Platforms Tectu builds data platforms that support AI and machine learning, improving
data analysis and operational performance.

6. Innovation
and Research Tectu advances AI and machine learning through research and development
through client collaborations to develop and test AI-driven technology solutions.

Strategic
Benefits:

Strengthen
Innovation Tectus expertise expands Global AIs product offerings.

Build
a Technology Platform The acquisition lays the foundation for future AI acquisitions
and partnerships.

Improve
Efficiency The companies will share services and best practices to streamline
operations.

Expand
Market Presence The acquisition increases access to North American and European
markets.

Invest
in AI Development The combined company will increase research into generative
AI and machine learning.

Leadership
Comments

Darko
Horvat, Founder of Global AI Inc., stated:

We
welcome Tectu to our organization. Tectus AI and machine learning expertise complements our goals and enhances our ability to
serve clients and pursue growth.

Ari
Margalit, Co-Founder and CEO of Tectu, said:

We
are proud of our Tectu team and the company we have built. Joining Global AI represents an exciting new chapter and a decisive step toward
expanding our global impact. It reflects our deep confidence in their vision and the future we can create together.

Future
Outlook

This
acquisition aligns with Global AIs long-term growth strategy. The company remains focused on expanding its market position and
developing AI solutions that drive industry progress.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements. In addition, from time to time, we or our representatives may make forward-looking
statements orally or in writing. We base these forward-looking statements on our expectations and projections about future events, which
we derive from the information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or our future performance,
including: our ability to successfully develop and implement AI solutions, achieve anticipated synergies, and maintain market competitiveness;
our financial performance and projections; our growth in revenue and earnings; and our business prospects and opportunities. You can
identify forward-looking statements by those that are not historical in nature, particularly those that use terminology such as may,
should, expects, anticipates, contemplates, estimates, believes,
plans, projected, predicts, potential, or hopes or the negative
of these or similar terms. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other
things, those listed under the heading Risk Factors and elsewhere in our most annual report on Form 10-K that we have filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are only predictions. The forward-looking events discussed
in this document and other statements made from time to time by us or our representatives, may not occur, and actual events and results
may differ materially and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us. We are not obligated to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this document
and other statements made from time to time by us or our representatives might not occur. Past performance is not indicative of future
results.

Contact
Information

Michael
Ingwer

Email:
Michael.ingwer@global.ai

Tel:
+1 (917) 270-0792
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>glai-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>glai-20241231_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>glai-20241231_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 31, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Entity File Number 333-163439

Entity Registrant Name Global
AI, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001473490

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-4170100

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 110
Front Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
300

Entity Address, City or Town Jupiter

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33477

City Area Code (561)

Local Phone Number 240-0333

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://globalai.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
glai-20241231.xsd 
glai-20241231_lab.xml 
glai-20241231_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001227-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001473490 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001473490 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
Global AI, Inc. 
NV 
333-163439 
26-4170100 
110 Front Street 
Suite 300 
Jupiter 
FL 
33477 
(561) 
240-0333 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>