<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-024238.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-024238.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317090023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-024238
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250316
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Datavault AI Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001682149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				301135279
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38608
		FILM NUMBER:		25742550

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15268 NW GREENBRIER PKWY
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-627-4716

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15268 NW GREENBRIER PKWY
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220311

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Summit Wireless Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Summit Semiconductor Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180501
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm259436d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000168214900016821492025-03-162025-03-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): March 16, 2025

DATAVAULT AI INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38608 30-1135279

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, OR 97006

(Address of registrants principal executive office) (Zip code)

(408) 627-4716

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

x Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share DVLT The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Share Exchange Agreement

On March 16, 2025, Datavault
AI Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a share exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement)
with NYIAX, Inc., a Delaware corporation (NYIAX), pursuant to which NYIAX shall exchange 900,000 shares (the Shares)
of NYIAXs common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the NYIAX Common Stock), for aggregate consideration of up to
5,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Datavault Common Stock) (collectively,
the Exchange).

Pursuant to the Exchange
Agreement, as full consideration for the sale, assignment, transfer and delivery of the Shares by NYIAX to Datavault, and upon the terms
and subject to all of the conditions contained in the Exchange Agreement, Datavault shall issue to NYIAX (i) 3,000,000 newly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable shares of Datavault Common Stock (such shares of Datavault Common Stock, the Closing Shares), and
(ii) 2,000,000 newly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of Datavault Common Stock (such shares of Datavault Common Stock, the
Additional Shares), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Agreement. The Closing Shares
shall be issued in four equal quarterly tranches starting from the closing.

The Additional Shares
shall be issued only upon completion of a complete advertising cycle for a third party clientele, and upon the parties mutual written
agreement that the Adio Platform (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) has been integrated into the NYIAX Platform (as defined in the
Exchange Agreement) upon completion of the advertising cycle. The Additional Shares shall be issued within thirty (30) days from the completion
of the integration.

The Exchange Agreement
includes customary representations and warranties and various customary covenants and closing conditions that are subject to certain limitations,
including, without limitation, certain agreements.

The securities to be
issued in the Exchange will be issued in reliance upon exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D of the Securities Act.

Intellectual Property
Cross-License Agreement

In connection with the
Exchange, on March 16, 2025, the Company, entered into a white label, co-marketing and intellectual property cross-license agreement (the License Agreement)
with NYIAX, pursuant to which the Company received a non-exclusive license under certain of NYIAXs jointly owned patent rights
and know-how, and a non-exclusive license to white label NYIAXs proprietary software-as-a-service advertising brokerage platform,
all within the field of data, information and asset monetization and exchange. In exchange, the Company granted to NYIAX a non-exclusive
license under certain of the Companys wholly owned patent rights, know-how and trademarks, including with respect to the Companys
Adio Platform (as defined in the License Agreement), in the field of advertising buying, selling and brokerage.

Pursuant to the License
Agreement, as consideration for the services provided by NYIAX pursuant to the License Agreement and the rights to access and use the
NYIAX Platform (as defined in the License Agreement) granted to the Company, and upon the terms and subject to all of the conditions contained
in the License Agreement, the Company shall issue to NYIAX 2,530,000 newly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares (such shares, the
Consideration Shares) of Datavault Common Stock.

Pursuant to the License
Agreement, in consideration of the rights granted to NYIAX under the License Agreement, NYIAX shall pay to the Company a license fee in
the form of a convertible promissory note in the aggregate amount $2,500,000 (the Convertible Note). The Convertible Note
is due on the first anniversary of the closing (the Maturity Date). NYIAX agreed to pay interest to the Company on the aggregate
unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Note at the rate of four percent (4%) per annum, accruing from the
closing. The Convertible Note may be prepaid in full at NYIAXs election.

The Convertible Note
will automatically convert at the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date, and (ii) the first underwritten public offering of NYIAX pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, covering the offer and sale by NYIAX of its equity securities, as a result
of or following which NYIAX shall be a reporting issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and NYIAX Common Stock
is listed on the Trading Market (as defined in the Convertible Note), at a conversion price of $2.00 per share.

The License Agreement
includes customary representations and warranties and various customary covenants and closing conditions that are subject to certain limitations,
including, without limitation, certain agreements.

Software Development
Agreement

In connection with the
Exchange, on March 16, 2025, the Company, entered into a software development agreement (the Software Development Agreement)
with NYIAX, pursuant to which NYIAX has engaged the Company to develop certain software and provide certain additional professional services
as the parties will agree under one or more statements of work.

The Software Development
Agreement includes customary representations and warranties and various customary covenants and closing conditions that are subject to
certain limitations, including, without limitation, certain agreements.

Lock-Up Agreements

In connection with the
Exchange, the Company intends to enter into a lock-up agreement in respect of the Shares, pursuant to which the Shares shall be subject
to lock-up restrictions for four (4) years from the issuance. The parties also intend to enter into a lock-up agreement in respect of
the Additional Shares, pursuant to which the Additional Shares shall be subject to lock-up restrictions for two (2) years from the issuance.

NYIAX intends to enter
into (i) a lock-up agreement in respect of the Closing Shares, pursuant to which the Closing Shares shall be subject to lock-up restrictions
for one (1) year from the issuance, and (ii) a lock-up agreement in respect of the Consideration Shares, pursuant to which the Consideration
Shares shall be subject to lock-up restrictions for four (4) years from the issuance.

The foregoing summary
of the Exchange Agreement, the License Agreement, the Software Development Agreement, and the Convertible Note does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such document, which is filed (without exhibits and schedules)
as Exhibit 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, and 10.4 respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Form 8-K) and incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure required
by this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. The securities have not been registered under
the Securities Act, and may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On March 17, 2025, the
Company issued a press release (the Press Release) announcing the entry into the Exchange Agreement.

A copy of the Press Release
is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1* Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 16, 2025, by and between Datavault AI Inc. and NYIAX, Inc.

10.2* White Label, Co-Marketing and Intellectual Property Cross-License Agreement,
dated March 16, 2025, by and between Datavault AI Inc. and NYIAX, Inc.

10.3 Software Development Agreement, dated March 16, 2025, by and between Datavault AI Inc. and NYIAX, Inc.

10.4 Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of March 16, 2025, by NYIAX, Inc.

99.1 Press Release

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Schedules and exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation
S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 17, 2025 DATAVAULT AI INC.

By: /s/ Nathaniel Bradley

Name: Nathaniel Bradley

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm259436d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

by and between

DATAVAULT AI INC.,

a Delaware corporation,

and

NYIAX, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

Dated as of March 16, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 2

1.1. Definitions 2

ARTICLE II. SHARE EXCHANGE 7

2.1. Purchase Price 7

2.2. The Share Exchange 7

2.3. Mechanics of Exchange 7

2.4. Adjustments 8

2.5. Fractional Shares 8

2.6. Lock-Up Agreements 8

ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NYIAX 8

3.1. Corporate Existence 8

3.2. Corporate Authority; Binding Effect 9

3.3. No Conflicts; Governmental Approvals and Consents 9

3.4. Subsidiaries 10

3.5. Capitalization 10

3.6. Financial Statements; Liabilities 10

3.7. Indebtedness 11

3.8. Good Title 11

3.9. Contracts 11

3.10. Litigation 11

3.11. Compliance with Laws; Permits 12

3.12. Intellectual Property 12

3.13. Tax Matters 13

3.14. Brokers and Other Advisors 14

3.15. Business Records 14

3.16. Exclusivity of Representations; No other Representations or Warranties 14

ARTICLE IV. REPRESENTATIONS OF DATAVAULT 15

4.1. Corporate Existence 15

4.2. Corporate Authority 15

4.3. Capitalization 16

4.4. Solvency 16

-i- 

4.5. Title to Assets 16

4.6. SEC Filings; Financial Statements 16

4.7. Governmental Approvals and Consents 17

4.8. Litigation 17

4.9. Brokers and Other Advisors 18

4.10. Not an Investment Company 18

4.11. Exclusivity of Representations; No Other Representations or Warranties 18

ARTICLE V. AGREEMENTS OF DATAVAULT AND NYIAX 18

5.1. Issuance of Additional Shares 18

5.2. Necessary Efforts 19

5.3. Public Disclosures 19

5.4. Access to Records and Personnel 20

ARTICLE VI. CLOSING 21

6.1. Closing Date 21

6.2. Datavault Obligations 21

6.3. NYIAX Obligations 22

ARTICLE VII. TERMINATION 23

7.1. Termination Events 23

7.2. Termination Procedures 23

7.3. Effect of Termination 23

ARTICLE VIII. MISCELLANEOUS 24

8.1. Notices 24

8.2. Severability 24

8.3. Further Assurances; Further Cooperation 25

8.4. Counterparts 25

8.5. Expenses 25

8.6. Assignment; Successors and Assigns 25

8.7. Amendment; Waiver 25

8.8. Third Parties; No Benefit to Third Parties 26

8.9. Governing Law 26

8.10. Disclosure Schedules 26

8.11. Entire Agreement 26

8.12. Non-Recourse 27

8.13. Waiver and Release of Claims 27

-ii- 

8.14. Section Headings; Table of Contents 28

8.15. Specific Performance 28

8.16. Non-survival of Representations and Warranties 29

8.17. Fulfillment of Obligations 29

LIST OF EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Software Development Agreement

Exhibit B Form of License Agreement

Exhibit C Form of Datavault Lock-Up Agreement

Exhibit D Form of NYIAX Lock-Up Agreement

Exhibit E Form of NYIAX Additional Lock-Up Agreement

-iii- 

SHARE
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
is dated as of March 16, 2025 (the Agreement), by and between Datavault AI Inc., a Delaware corporation (Datavault)
and NYIAX, Inc., a Delaware corporation (NYIAX). Datavault and NYIAX are referred to herein individually as
a Party and collectively as the Parties.. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have
the meanings indicated in Section 1.1, or as otherwise defined in this Agreement.

RECITALS

A. The
Parties have agreed to an exchange transaction (the Exchange) whereby, pursuant to the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement, NYIAX shall exchange 900,000 shares of NYIAXs common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the NYIAX
Common Stock), which resulting number of shares of NYIAX Common Stock when issued shall equal to twelve percent (12%) of the
aggregate issued and outstanding NYIAX Common Stock at the time of the Closing (the Shares), including the Shares,
for aggregate consideration of up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock of Datavault, par value $0.0001 per share (the Datavault
Common Stock), as more fully described in this Agreement.

B. The
board of directors of Datavault and the board of directors of NYIAX have each approved and deemed it advisable and in the best interest
of their respective stockholders for, as applicable, (i) NYIAX to sell, transfer and assign to Datavault, and Datavault to purchase
from NYIAX, the NYIAX Shares, (ii) Datavault to sell, transfer and assign to NYIAX, and NYIAX to purchase from Datavault, the Closing
Shares (as defined below) and the Additional Shares (as defined below), and (iii) Datavault and NYIAX to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder.

C.
Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, (i) the Parties shall have entered into the software
development agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Software Development Agreement),
and (ii) intellectual property cross license agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the
License Agreement), in each case, to be effective immediately upon the Closing.

D.
Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition and inducement to Datavaults and NYIAXs
willingness to enter into this Agreement, (i) Datavault has entered into a lock-up agreement in substantially the form attached
hereto as Exhibit C (the Datavault Lock-Up Agreement), in respect of the Shares, and (ii) NYIAX
has entered into a lock-up agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the NYIAX Lock-Up
Agreement) in respect of the Closing Shares.

E.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Exchange will be conducted in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder.

1

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained and other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

1.1. Definitions.

Unless otherwise provided
herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings:

Adio Platform
shall mean Datavaults proprietary advertising optimization platform for increasing engagement using embedded tones.

Affiliate
of a Person shall mean a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, the first mentioned Person. For purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any
specified Person, means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly,
whether through ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlling and controlled
by have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Additional Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Assets
shall mean, with respect to any Person, all assets, properties, rights and claims of every nature, kind and description, tangible and
intangible, owned or leased or licensed, wheresoever located and whether or not carried or reflected on the books or records of such
Person.

Bankruptcy and
Equity Exception means except as enforceability may be affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization,
moratorium and other similar Laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered
in a proceeding in equity or at Law) and the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.

Books and Records
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(c).

Business Day
shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks in New York, New York, United States of America are permitted
or required by Law to be closed.

Closing
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

Closing Date
shall mean the date of this Agreement.

Closing Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

2

Code
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Consent
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.

Contract
shall mean any agreement, contract, subcontract, license, sublicense, lease, indenture, or other legally binding commitment or undertaking
of any nature (whether written or oral).

Contracting Parties
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.12.

Datavault
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Datavault Common
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Datavault Lock-Up
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Disclosure Schedules
shall have the meaning set forth in the first sentence of ARTICLE III.

Dollars
or $, when used in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, shall mean United States dollars unless otherwise
stated.

Effect
shall mean any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development.

Effective Time
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

Exchange
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Exchange Act
shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fraud
shall mean fraud as constituted under common law of the State of Delaware.

GAAP
shall mean United States generally accepted accounting principles as promulgated by all relevant accounting authorities and as in effect
on the date hereof.

Governmental Authority
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b).

Indebtedness shall mean,
without duplication: (a) indebtedness for borrowed money; (b) obligations for the deferred purchase price of property or services;
(c) long or short-term obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments; (d) capital lease obligations;
(e) reimbursement obligations under any letter of credit, banker's acceptance or similar credit transactions; (f) guarantees
made by the Company on behalf of any third party in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) through
(e); and (g) any unpaid interest, prepayment penalties, premiums, costs and fees that would arise or become due as a result of the
prepayment of any of the obligations referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) through (f).

3

Intellectual Property
shall mean any and all of the following rights arising under the laws of any jurisdiction throughout the world: (a) issued patents
and patent applications (whether provisional or non-provisional), including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, substitutions,
reissues, reexaminations, extensions, or restorations of any of the foregoing, and other governmental authority-issued indicia of invention
ownership (including certificates of invention, petty patents, and utility models); (b) copyrights and works of authorship (whether
or not copyrightable), and all registrations, applications for registration, and renewals of any of the foregoing; (c) trademarks,
service marks, trade dress, trade names, domain names, social media accounts or usernames, URLs, IP addresses, IP address ranges,
websites or other indicia of source or origin, together with all goodwill symbolized thereby and associated therewith; (d) trade
secrets, know-how, technology, inventions (whether or not patentable), discoveries, ideas, processes, methods, designs, plans, instructions,
specifications, formulas, testing and other protocols, settings, and procedures, and other confidential or proprietary technical, scientific,
engineering, business, or financial information (Trade Secrets); and (e) other intellectual property and related
proprietary rights.

IRS
shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Law
shall mean any law, treaty, statute, ordinance, rule, code or regulation or judgment, decree, order of any Governmental Authority.

Liabilities
shall mean any liabilities, obligations, guarantees (including lease guarantees), commitments of any nature whether, known accrued, absolute
or contingent, matured.

License Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Lock-Up Agreements
shall mean the Datavault Lock-Up Agreement, the NYIAX Lock-Up Agreement, and the NYIAX Additional Lock-Up Agreement.

Losses
shall mean any and all losses, damages, Taxes, Liabilities, costs (including reasonable out-of-pocket costs of investigation) and expenses,
including interest, penalties, settlement costs, judgments, awards, fines, costs of mitigation, court costs and fees (including reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses); provided, Losses shall not include punitive, treble, consequential or other similar damages.

Material Adverse
Effect shall mean any effect that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on (a) NYIAXs business, results of operations, assets or financial condition of NYIAXs business, ;
provided, that effects, alone or in combination, that arise out of or result from the following, individually or in the aggregate, shall
not be considered when determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred: (i) changes in economic conditions, financial,
labor, credit or securities markets in general or the industries and markets in which NYIAXs business is operated or in
which products of NYAIXs business are used or distributed; (ii) any change after the date hereof in Laws, GAAP or
any other accounting standard applicable to NYIAXs business, or the enforcement or interpretation thereof, applicable to NYIAXs
business; (iii) acts of God (including any hurricane, flood, tornado, earthquake, any epidemics or quarantine restrictions or other
natural disaster or any other force majeure event), calamities, national or international political or social conditions, including acts
of war, the engagement in hostilities, of any military attack or terrorist act in the jurisdictions in which NYIAXs business is
conducted or any escalation or worsening of any of the foregoing; or (iv) any action taken by or inaction of Datavault, including
the announcement of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents

4

Nonparty Affiliates
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.12.

NYIAX
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

NYIAX Common Stock
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

NYIAX Additional
Lock-Up Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(b).

NYIAX Lock-Up Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

NYIAX Platform
shall mean NYIAXs proprietary software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform for advertising and creative management.

ordinary course
of business shall mean in the ordinary course of the operation of Datavault or NYIAX, as the case may be, consistent with
past practices of Datavault or NYIAX, as applicable.

Owned Intellectual
Property shall mean any and all Intellectual Property that is owned or co-owned (or purported to be owned or co-owned) by
NYIAX or any of its Affiliates and used or held for use in its business.

Party
and Parties shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Recitals to this Agreement.

Permits
shall mean any permit, franchise, authorization, license or other consent or approval, waiver, exemption or allowance issued or granted
by any Governmental Authority.

Person
shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust, incorporated organization, other entity
or group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act).

Preferred Stock
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(b).

Proceeding
shall mean any claim, action, arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation, inquiry, examination, proceeding, litigation or suit (whether
civil, criminal, or administrative) commenced, brought, conducted, or heard by or before, or otherwise involving any Governmental Authority.

5

Representative
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any officer, director, principal, partner, manager, member, attorney, accountant, agent, employee,
consultant, financial advisor or other authorized representative of such Person.

Sarbanes-Oxley
Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

SEC
shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents
shall mean all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by Datavault under the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date
hereof (or such shorter period as the Datavault was required by law or regulation to file such material), including the exhibits thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein.

Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Software Development
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Subsidiary
or Subsidiaries of Datavault, NYIAX or any other Person shall mean any corporation, partnership or other legal entity
of which Datavault, NYIAX or such other Person, as the case may be (either alone or through or together with any other Subsidiary), owns,
directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the stock or other equity interests the holder of which is generally entitled to vote for the
election of the board of directors or other governing body of such corporation or other legal entity.

Tax
or Taxes shall mean all federal, state, local, foreign and other income, gross receipts, sales, use, production,
ad valorem, transfer, franchise, registration, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment,
estimated, excise, severance, environmental, stamp, occupation, premium, property (real or personal), real property gains, windfall profits,
customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions or penalties
with respect thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties.

Tax Return
shall mean any return, declaration, report, election, claim for refund, statement or other document relating to Taxes, and filed with
a Governmental Authority, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.

the knowledge of
a Party shall mean, with respect to NYIAX, the actual knowledge of the Company, and with respect to Datavault, the actual knowledge of
Nathaniel Bradley after reasonable inquiry.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the shares of Common Stock will, in accordance with the terms hereof, be listed
or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American; the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global Market; the Nasdaq Global
Select Market; or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

6

Transaction Documents
shall mean this Agreement, the Software Development Agreement, the License Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements, and all other documents
to be executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Treasury Regulations
means the regulations promulgated under the Code.

ARTICLE II.

SHARE EXCHANGE

2.1. Purchase Price.

As full consideration for
the sale, assignment, transfer and delivery of the Shares by NYIAX to Datavault, and upon the terms and subject to all of the conditions
contained herein, Datavault shall issue to NYIAX (i) 3,000,000 newly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of Datavault Common
Stock (such shares of Datavault Common Stock, the Closing Shares), and (ii) 2,000,000 newly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable shares of Datavault Common Stock (such shares of Datavault Common Stock, the Additional Shares),
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2.2. The Share Exchange.

Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, (i) NYIAX hereby agrees to sell, transfer, convey, assign and deliver
to Datavault, and Datavault shall acquire and accept from NYIAX, all of the Shares free and clear of all Liens and other encumbrances,
other than restrictions arising from the Datavault Lock-Up Agreement and standard securities law restrictions, and (ii) Datavault
shall issue the Closing Shares to NYIAX as set forth in Section 2.3(b), free and clear of all Liens and other encumbrances,
other than restrictions arising from the NYIAX Lock-Up Agreement.

2.3. Mechanics of Exchange.

(a) At
the Closing, NYIAX shall transfer the full legal and beneficial interest in the Shares to Datavault on the terms set out in this Agreement
and deliver an irrevocable instruction letter to its transfer agent for the issuance of the Shares to Datavault.

(b) At
the Closing, Datavault shall deliver an irrevocable instruction letter to its transfer agent for the issuance of the Closing Shares to
NYIAX upon NYIAXs transfer of the Shares to Datavault pursuant to Section 2.3(a) as follows:

(i) 750,000 shares of Datavault Common Stock
at the Closing;

(ii) 750,000 shares of Datavault Common Stock
on June 16, 2025;

(iii) 750,000 shares of Datavault Common Stock
on September 16, 2025; and

(iv) 750,000 shares of Datavault Common Stock
on December 16, 2025.

7

2.4. NYIAX Shares.

NYIAX shall cause its transfer
agent to issue to Datavault 900,000 shares of NYIAX Common Stock within one month from the date of this Agreement.

2.5. Fractional Shares.

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, no fractional shares of Datavault Common Stock or NYIAX Common Stock shall be issued as part of the Exchange.
The number of shares of Datavault Common Stock or NYIAX Common Stock to which the Parties are entitled under the terms hereof shall,
be rounded to the nearest whole number of shares of common stock.

2.6. Lock-Up Agreements.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, as a condition to the issuance of any Shares or Closing Shares hereunder, Datavault shall be required
to execute and deliver the Datavault Lock-Up Agreement in respect of the Shares issued to Datavault, and NYIAX shall be required to execute
and deliver the NYIAX Lock-Up Agreement in respect of the Closing Shares issued to NYIAX, as part of the Exchange. The NYIAX Lock-Up
Agreement shall provide, among other things, that the Closing Shares shall be subject to lock-up restrictions for one (1) year from
the issuance, and the Datavault Lock-Up Agreement shall provide, among other things, that the Shares shall be subject to lock-up restrictions
for four (4) years from the issuance. The Parties acknowledge that the Closing Shares and the Shares have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any state securities Laws and therefore cannot be resold or transferred unless such shares are subsequently registered
under the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws or exemptions from such registration are available,
and neither Datavault nor NYIAX is under any obligation to cause any of such shares to be so registered.

(b) Any
Direct Registration System advice, share certificate, or other written notice delivered in connection with the Shares or the Closing
Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall bear a legend or legends referencing restrictions applicable to such shares under applicable
securities Laws and under this Agreement.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NYIAX

NYIAX represents and warrants
to Datavault, subject to the disclosures and exceptions set forth in the disclosure schedules delivered by NYIAX to Datavault concurrently
herewith (the Disclosure Schedules), as of the Closing Date, as follows:

3.1. Corporate Existence.

NYIAX is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. NYIAX has the requisite corporate power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, rights and assets related to its business and to conduct the business as the
same is now being conducted by it. NYIAX is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation under the Laws of all jurisdictions
where the nature of the business requires such qualification and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such qualification is
necessary, in each case.

8

3.2. Corporate Authority; Binding Effect.

This Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which NYIAX is a party and the consummation by NYIAX of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
been duly and validly authorized by NYIAX by all requisite corporate or similar action and no other proceedings on the part of NYIAX
is necessary for NYIAX to authorize the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which NYIAX
is a party or to perform any of its obligations hereunder or thereunder. NYIAX has full corporate or similar organizational (as applicable)
power and authority to execute and deliver the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder
or thereunder. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by NYIAX, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
by NYIAX) this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of NYIAX, enforceable against each of them in accordance
with its terms. When each other Transaction Document to which NYIAX is, or will be, party has been duly executed and delivered by NYIAX
(assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by NYIAX), such Transaction Document will constitute a valid and legally binding
obligation of NYIAX, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

3.3. No Conflicts; Governmental Approvals and Consents.

(a) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by NYIAX to which it is a party, the performance by NYIAX
of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by NYIAX of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not
(i) violate or conflict with any provision of the organizational documents of NYIAX o, (ii) result in any violation or breach
or constitute any default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
or acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a material benefit under, under any material contract, indenture, mortgage, lease,
note or other material agreement or instrument to which NYIAX is subject or is a party, or (iii) violate, conflict with or result
in any material breach under any provision of any Law applicable to NYIAX (to the extent it relates to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement) except in the cases of clauses (ii) and (ii), where the violation, breach, conflict, default, acceleration or
failure to give notice or obtain consent would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) No
Consent, order or license from, notice to or registration, declaration or filing with, any United States, supranational or foreign, federal,
state, provincial, municipal or local government agency, court of competent jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other
governmental or regulatory authority or instrumentality (Governmental Authority) or any other Person, is required
on the part of NYIAX in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents
to which NYIAX is a party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except for such Consents, orders,
licenses, filings or notices (i) that have been or will be obtained as of the Closing, or (ii) where the failure to obtain
or make would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

3.4. Subsidiaries.

3.5. NYIAX has no direct or indirect subsidiaries. Capitalization.

(a) The
authorized capital stock of NYIAX consists of (i) 125,000,000 shares of NYIAX Common Stock, of which 16,313,302 shares are outstanding,
and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of which no shares are outstanding. All of such issued
and outstanding shares of NYIAX are fully paid and nonassessable.

(b) Except
as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules or as filed with the SEC (A) no shares of NYIAX Common Stock are subject to preemptive
rights or any other similar rights or any liens suffered or permitted by NYIAX; (B) there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into
or exchangeable or exercisable for, any NYIAX Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which NYIAX
is or may become bound to issue additional NYIAX Common Stock, or options, warrants or scrip for rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments
of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, any NYIAX Common
Stock; (C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which NYIAX is obligated to register the sale of any of its securities
under the Securities Act; (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of NYIAX that contain any redemption or similar
provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which NYIAX is or may become bound to redeem a
security of NYIAX and no other shareholder or similar agreement to which NYIAX is a party; and (E) there are no securities or instruments
containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will or may be triggered by the issuance of the Shares.

3.6. Financial Statements; Liabilities.

(a) NYIAX
has made available to Datavault (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of NYIAX as of December 31, 2024 (the Balance
Sheet Date), and the related unaudited consolidated statement of operations of NYIAX for the year ended 2024 (together, the
Financial Statements). The Financial Statements have been prepared from the books and records of NYIAX in accordance
with GAAP in effect as of the applicable date or period, excluding the related disclosure of financial footnotes consistently applied
throughout the periods covered thereby. The Financial Statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of NYIAX, the consolidated net assets of NYIAX and the consolidated results of operations of NYIAX for the periods covered thereby,
in each case, in conformity with GAAP, with only such deviations from such accounting principles and subject to normal immaterial year-end
audit adjustments, and excluding the related disclosure of financial footnotes.

(b) Except
as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules or as filed with the SEC, there are no Liabilities of NYIAX that would be required under GAAP
to be disclosed on a balance sheet of NYIAX, except (i) Liabilities disclosed on the Financial Statements, (ii) immaterial
Liabilities, (iii) transaction expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents
and (iv) Liabilities expressly set forth and excluding the related disclosure of financial footnotes.

10

3.7. Indebtedness.

(a) (b) Except
as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules or as filed with the SEC, .sets forth a complete and correct list of each item of Indebtedness
as of the date of this Agreement, identifying the creditor, or convertible note, to which such Indebtedness is owed, the title of the
instrument under which such Indebtedness is owed, the amount of such Indebtedness as of the close of business on the date of this Agreement
.

(b) NYIAX
has not received any notice of a default, alleged failure to perform or any offset or counterclaim (in each case, that has not been waived
or remains pending as of the date of this Agreement) with respect to any item of Indebtedness. Except as set forth in Section 3.7(b) of
the Disclosure Schedules, neither the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement nor the execution, delivery
or performance of this Agreement or any of the other agreements, documents or instruments referred to in this Agreement will result in
a default or breach of the terms of, or accelerate the maturity of or performance under, any conditions, covenants or other terms of
any such Indebtedness.

3.8. Good Title.

(a) NYIAX
is the record and beneficial owner and has good and marketable title to the Shares, with the right and authority to sell and deliver
such Shares. Upon delivery of assignments duly signed, representing the same as herein contemplated and/or upon registering of Datavault
as the new owner of the Shares, Datavault will receive good title to the Shares, free and clear of all Liens and other encumbrances,
other than restrictions arising from the Datavault Lock-Up Agreement and standard securities law restrictions.

(b) NYIAX
holds all rights, assets and property reasonably necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses after the Closing, substantially
in the same manner as conducted prior to the Closing.

(c) NYIAX
has good and marketable title to all of the properties and assets (whether real, personal, movable, immovable or mixed and whether tangible
or intangible) necessary to operate their respective businesses, including all the properties and assets reflected as being owned, as
the case may be, by NYIAX on the balance sheet forming part of the most recent Financial Statements or otherwise in the applicable books
and records of NYIAX No other Person owns any assets which are being used in the businesses of NYIAX.

(d) Where
any material assets are used, but not owned, by NYIAX or any of its Subsidiaries or any facilities or services which are material to
the respective businesses of NYIAX or any of its Subsidiaries are provided to, as the case may be, NYIAX or any of its Subsidiaries by
a third party, no event of default has occurred or is subsisting or has been alleged or is likely to arise which may entitle any third
party to terminate any agreement or license in respect of the provision of such facilities or services.

3.9. [Reserved].

3.10. Litigation.

Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Schedules or as filed with the SEC, NYIAX is not subject to any order, judgment, stipulation, injunction, decree or agreement
with any party, including any Governmental Authority, that would prevent or reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or would be material to the business of NYIAX. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.10, there are no Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of NYIAX, threatened, against NYIAX or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of
their respective officers or directors in the role as an officer or director of NYIAX.

11

3.11. Compliance with Laws; Permits.

(a) Compliance
with Laws. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules or as filed with the SEC, (i) NYIAX is conducting its business in
compliance, in all material respects, with all Laws applicable to its business, and (ii) in the past three years, NYIAX has not
received any written notice of any material violation or alleged violation of any such applicable Law,.

(b) Permits.
(i) NYIAX has all Permits that are reasonably necessary to conduct its business as currently conducted, (ii) all such Permits
are in full force and effect, except where the failure to obtain such Permits would not have a Material Adverse Effect (iii) NYIAXs
business is not being conducted in violation or default of such Permits, (iv) NYIAX is not in receipt of any written notification
that any Governmental Authority is threatening to revoke any such Permit, (v) all such Permits were lawfully obtained and (vi) all
such Permits are transferable to NYIAX.

3.12. Intellectual Property.

(a) Registered
Intellectual Property. Section 3.12(a) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a correct and complete list
of all registrations and applications for Owned Intellectual Property, including:

(i) patents owned or filed by, or on behalf
of, NYIAX or any of its Subsidiaries, or under which NYIAX has exclusive rights in any field
or territory, including the country of filing, owner, filing number, date of issue or filing,
expiration date and title;

(ii) registered trademarks and pending applications
for registration of trademarks owned or filed by, or on behalf of, or used by NYIAX , including
country of filing, description of goods or services, registration or application number and
date of issue;

(iii) registered copyrights and applications
for registration of copyrights owned or filed by, or on behalf of, or used by NYIAX , including
country of filing, owner, filing number, date of issue and expiration date; and

(iv) domain names owned by NYIAX .

(b) Validity
and Enforceability. All registrations and applications for Owned Intellectual Property are subsisting and unexpired, valid, enforceable
and otherwise in good standing and none of such registrations and applications have been adjudged invalid or unenforceable in whole or
in part. All fees that are due and payable in respect of the Owned Intellectual Property have been duly paid, and NYIAX has taken all
actions required in the prosecution of the Owned Intellectual Property. No Owned Intellectual Property is involved in any cancellation,
expungement, interference, opposition, reissue, reexamination, revocation, or equivalent proceeding, in which the scope, validity, enforceability
or patentability of any such Owned Intellectual Property is being contested or challenged.

12

(c) Ownership.
NYIAX solely and exclusively own all Owned Intellectual Property, free and clear of any liens. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, NYIAX has entered into written agreements with each of their current employees who are/were involved in the creation of any
Owned Intellectual Property, whereby such employees (x) assign to NYIAX all ownership interest and right they may have in any Intellectual
Property, including any Owned Intellectual Property, created or developed by such employees in connection with the performance of their
services for NYIAX, (y) acknowledge NYIAXs sole and exclusive ownership of all such Owned Intellectual Property, and (z) agree
to maintain the confidentiality of all Trade Secrets and other confidential information and use such information only for the benefit
of NYIAX.

(d) Infringement.
NYIAXs business, products and services as currently and formerly conducted do not infringe, misappropriate, violate or otherwise
conflict with any Intellectual Property right of any other Person. NYIAX has not received any notice, demand, or indemnification
request, or is subject to any claim, injunction, directive, order, or Proceeding (including any oppositions, interferences or reexaminations)
whether pending or, to the knowledge of NYIAX, threatened (i) asserting or suggesting that any infringement, misappropriation, violation,
dilution or unauthorized use of Intellectual Property is or may be occurring or has or may have occurred, or (ii) challenging the
validity, enforceability or use of any Owned Intellectual Property. To NYIAXs knowledge, no Person is infringing, misappropriating,
violating or otherwise conflicting with any Owned Intellectual Property.

(e) Protection
and Confidentiality. NYIA has implemented reasonable policies and procedures and have taken all reasonable steps and security measures
necessary to maintain, enforce and protect their rights in the Owned Intellectual Property and at all times have maintained the confidentiality
of all Trade Secrets included in, or otherwise used by NYIAX . None of the Trade Secrets used in the business of NYIAX have been disclosed
to a third party and, to the knowledge of NYIAX, NYIAX has not experienced any loss or data breach related thereto.

3.13. Tax Matters.

(a) All
Tax Returns required to be filed by NYIAX have been duly filed, all such Tax Returns are true, correct, and complete in all material
respects, and all Taxes required to be paid by NYIAX (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been duly and timely paid. There is
no power of attorney with respect to Taxes that could affect NYIAX after the Closing. As of the Balance Sheet Date, NYIAX had no Liability
for unpaid Taxes relating to the business of NYIAX that have not been accrued or reserved on the Financial Statements, and NYIAX has
not incurred any Liability for Taxes other than in the ordinary course of business since the Balance Sheet Date.

(b) NYIAX
has duly and timely withheld or collected all Taxes required to be withheld or collected by it, duly and timely paid such withheld or
collected amounts to the proper Governmental Authority, and fully complied with all information reporting requirements with respect to
such withholding and payment.

13

(c) There
are no Liens for Taxes (other statutory Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable) on any of the assets of NYIAX.

(d) No
claim has ever been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where NYIAX does not file Tax Returns that NYIAX is or may be
subject to taxation by such jurisdiction. NYIAX is not subject to any Tax payment obligation or Tax Return filing obligation in any jurisdiction
outside the United States.

(e) NYIAX
has not entered into, nor is NYIAX bound by, any Tax sharing, allocation, or indemnification agreement. NYIAX does not have any Liability
for the Taxes of any other Person under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any corresponding or similar provision of state,
local, or non-U.S. Law), as a transferee or successor, by Contract, or otherwise. NYIAX has not participated in any reportable
transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b) (or any corresponding or similar provision
of state, local, or non-U.S. Law).

(f) 
NYIAX is and always has been properly treated as a domestic corporation for U.S. federal and applicable state and local
income Tax purposes.

3.14. Brokers and Other Advisors.

NYIAX has not retained any investment banker,
finder or broker who would have a valid claim for a fee, brokerage, commission or similar compensation in connection with the negotiation,
execution or delivery of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby.

3.15. Business Records.

All files, documents, ledgers,
instruments, papers, books and records and similar information (whether in paper, digital or other tangible or intangible form) that
are used or held for use by NYIAX and necessary for NYIAXs conduct of its business, including all technical information,
quality control records, blueprints, research and development notebooks and files, customer credit data, mailing lists, warranty information,
operating guides and manuals, studies and reports, catalogs, advertising and promotional materials, brochures, standard forms of documents,
product testing reports, manuals, sales and promotional literature, drawings, technical plans, business plans, budget projections, price
lists, customer and supplier lists and records (including correspondence), referral sources (the Business Records), but
excluding any minute books, stock ledgers, financial records, Tax records and other materials that NYIAX is required by Law to retain
have been kept in the ordinary course of business and are true, complete and correct in all material respects. Copies of such Business
Records have been made available to Datavault.

3.16. Exclusivity of Representations; No other Representations or Warranties.

The representations and warranties
made by NYIAX in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are the sole and exclusive representations and warranties made by
NYIAX in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. NYIAX hereby disclaims any
other express or implied representations or warranties.

14

ARTICLE IV.

REPRESENTATIONS OF DATAVAULT

Datavault represents and
warrants to NYIAX, as of the Closing Date, as follows:

4.1. Corporate Existence.

Datavault is a corporation
duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. Datavault has the requisite corporate
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, rights and assets related to its business and to conduct its business as
the same is now being conducted by it. Datavault is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation under the Laws of all jurisdictions
where the nature of its business or location of its assets requires such qualification and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where
such qualification is necessary.

4.2. Corporate Authority.

(a) This
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which Datavault is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby involving Datavault have been duly authorized by Datavault by all requisite corporate action. Datavault has all corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Datavault, and the other Transaction Documents will be duly executed and delivered
by Datavault, and this Agreement constitutes, and the other Transaction Documents when so executed and delivered will constitute, a valid
and legally binding obligation of Datavault, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

(b) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by Datavault, the performance by Datavault of its obligations
hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by Datavault of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) violate
or conflict with any provision of the respective certificate of incorporation or by-laws or similar organizational documents of Datavault,
(ii) result in any violation or breach or constitute any default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give
rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a material benefit under, or result
in the creation of any Lien under any contract, indenture, mortgage, lease, note or other agreement or instrument to which Datavault
is subject or is a party, or (iii) violate, conflict with or result in any breach under any provision of any Law applicable to Datavault
or any of its properties or assets, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the extent that any such default, violation,
conflict, breach or loss would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on Datavaults
ability to consummate the transactions contemplated under this Agreement or to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which Datavault is a party.

15

4.3. Capitalization.

As of the date of this Agreement, the
authorized capital of Datavault consists of:

(a) 300,000,000
authorized shares of Datavault Common Stock, 61,156,527 shares of which are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the date hereof.
All of such outstanding shares of Datavault Common Stock have been duly authorized, are fully paid and nonassessable, and were issued
in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. The shares of Datavault Common Stock to be issued to NYIAX pursuant
to this Agreement will be, at the time of issuance, duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable and will be issued in compliance with
all applicable federal and state securities laws.

(b) 20,000,000
authorized shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock), of which 375,000 shares
have been designated Series B Preferred Stock, 0 of which are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the date hereof. All of
the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock have been duly authorized, are fully paid and nonassessable and were issued in compliance with
all applicable federal and state securities laws.

4.4. Solvency.

As of and immediately after
the Closing, Datavault is and will be able to pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business and will own assets
having a present fair saleable value greater than its stated Liabilities and identified contingent Liabilities, including any contingent
Liabilities, Datavault may have in respect of any actual or alleged violation or noncompliance of Law by Datavault. Immediately after
the Closing, Datavault will have adequate capital to carry on its business and to perform its obligations under its Contracts. Datavault
has not incurred, does not intend to incur, and does not reasonably believe it will incur debts beyond its ability to pay as such debts
mature or become due. No transfer of property is being made and no obligation is being incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors of Datavault or to prevent Datavault from performing its obligations under
its Contracts.

4.5. Title to Assets.

(a) Datavault
holds all rights, assets and property necessary for the conduct of its business after the Closing, substantially in the same manner as
conducted prior to the Closing.

(b) Where
any material assets are used, but not owned, by Datavault or any facilities or services which are material to the respective businesses
of Datavault are provided to, as the case may be, Datavault by a third party, no event of default has occurred or is subsisting or has
been alleged or is likely to arise which may entitle any third party to terminate any agreement or license in respect of the provision
of such facilities or services.

4.6. SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a) Since
December 31, 2023, all statements, reports, schedules, forms and other documents, including any exhibits thereto, required to have
been filed by Datavault or its officers with the SEC have been so filed on a timely basis. As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or,
if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the SEC Documents
complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may be), and
the rules and regulations thereunder, and, as of the time they were filed, or if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the
date of this Agreement, on the date of the last such amendment or superseding filing prior to the date of this Agreement, none of the
SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
certifications and statements required by (i) Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act and (ii) 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) relating to the SEC Documents are accurate and complete and comply as to form and content with all applicable
Laws, and no current or former executive officer of Datavault has failed to make the certifications required of him or her. As of the
date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding unresolved comments in comment letters received from the SEC or the Trading Market with
respect to SEC Documents. None of the SEC Documents is the subject of ongoing SEC review and there are no inquiries or investigations
by the SEC or any internal investigations pending or threatened, including with regards to any accounting practices of Datavault.

16

(b) The
financial statements (including any related notes) contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents: (i) complied as
to form in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto; (ii) were prepared
in accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited financial
statements, except as permitted by Quarterly Report filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements
may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments) applied on a consistent basis unless otherwise
noted therein throughout the periods indicated; and (iii) fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position of Datavault
as of the respective dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows of Datavault for the periods covered thereby. Other than
as expressly disclosed in the SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, there has been no material change in Datavaults accounting
methods or principles that would be required to be disclosed in Datavaults financial statements in accordance with GAAP.

4.7. Governmental Approvals and Consents.

No Consent, approval, order
or authorization of, license or permit from, notice to or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority, is required
on the part of Datavault in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby except for such consents, approvals, orders or authorizations
of, licenses or permits, filings or notices which have been obtained and remain in full force and effect and those with respect to which
the failure to have obtained or to remain in full force and effect would not have or reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on Datavaults ability to consummate the transactions contemplated under this Agreement
or to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which Datavault is a party.

4.8. Litigation.

Datavault is not subject
to any order, judgment, stipulation, injunction, decree or agreement with any party, including any Governmental Authority, that would
prevent or reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
There are no Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Datavault, threatened against Datavault or any of its Affiliates that would
reasonably be expected to have a material impact on the business of Datavault following the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

17

4.9. Brokers and Other Advisors.

Neither Datavault nor any
of its Affiliates has retained any financial advisor, investment banker, finder or broker who would have a valid claim for a fee, brokerage,
commission or similar compensation from Datavault or its Affiliates in connection with the negotiation, execution or delivery of this
Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

4.10. Not an Investment Company.

Datavault is not an investment
company as described in Section 1.351-1(c)(1)(ii) of the Treasury Regulations.

4.11. Exclusivity of Representations; No Other Representations or Warranties.

The representations and warranties
made by Datavault or any of its Affiliates in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are the sole and exclusive representations
and warranties made by Datavault and its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents. Each of Datavault and its Affiliates hereby disclaims any other express or implied representations or warranties.

ARTICLE V.

AGREEMENTS OF DATAVAULT AND NYIAX

5.1. Issuance of Additional Shares.

(a) Upon
completion of a complete advertising cycle for a third party clientele, and upon the Parties mutual written agreement that the
Adio Platform has been integrated into the NYIAX Platform upon completion of the advertising cycle, Datavault will issue the Additional
Shares within ten (10) business days from the completion of the integration.

(b) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, as a condition to the issuance of any Additional Shares hereunder, NYIAX shall be required to
execute and deliver a a lock-up agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the NYIAX Additional
Lock-Up Agreement) in respect of the Additional Shares. The NYIAX Additional Lock-Up Agreement shall provide, among other
things, that (i) the Additional Shares shall be subject to lock-up restrictions for two (2) years from the issuance, and (ii) NYIAX
is entitled to use the Additional Shares as a collateral for a loan; and/ or transfer in connection with any financing or capital raising
transaction so long as such third party agrees to comply with the lock-up terms and any loan document provides for the ability of Datavault
to purchase such loan and make repayment in full. . The Parties acknowledge that the Additional Shares will not be registered under the
Securities Act or any state securities Laws and therefore cannot be resold or transferred unless such shares are subsequently registered
under the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws or exemptions from such registration are available,
and Datavault is under any obligation to cause any of such shares to be so registered.

18

5.2. Necessary Efforts.

Subject to the other terms
and conditions of this Agreement, NYIAX and Datavault agree to use their respective reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Law to consummate and make effective
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and to use their respective reasonable best efforts to cause the conditions
to each Partys obligation to close the transactions contemplated hereby to be satisfied, including all actions necessary to obtain
(a) all licenses, certificates, permits, approvals, clearances, expirations, waivers or terminations of applicable waiting periods,
authorizations, qualifications and orders (each a Consent) of any Governmental Authority required for the satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and (b) all other Consents of any Person, necessary or desirable in connection with
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, it being understood that neither Party nor any of their
respective Subsidiaries shall be required to expend any money other than for filing fees or expenses or immaterial administrative or
legal costs or expenses. The Parties shall cooperate fully with each other to the extent necessary in connection with the foregoing.

5.3. Public Disclosures.

A mutually agreed joint press
release describing the terms of this Agreement shall be released promptly after execution of this Agreement and Datavault shall file
a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, which shall include that press release and this Agreement as exhibits. Thereafter, unless
otherwise required by Law, no press release or other public announcement or comment pertaining to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement will be made by or on behalf of any Party or its Affiliates without the prior written approval of the other Party (which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld). If in the judgment of either Party upon the advice of outside counsel such a press release or public
announcement is required by Law, the Party intending to make such release or announcement shall to the extent practicable use reasonable
commercial efforts to provide prior written notice to the other Party of the contents of such release or announcement and to allow the
other Party reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance.

19

5.4. Access to Records and Personnel.

(a) Exchange
of Information. After the Closing, each Party agrees to provide, or cause to be provided, to each other, as soon as reasonably practicable
after written request therefor , after five business days notice, and at the requesting Partys sole expense, reasonable
access, during regular business hours, to the other Partys employees and to any books, records, documents, files and correspondence
in the possession or under the control of the other Party or such other Partys Subsidiaries that the requesting Party reasonably
needs (i) to comply with reporting, disclosure, filing or other requirements imposed on the requesting Party or any of its Affiliates
(including under applicable securities Laws) by a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the requesting Party or any of its
Affiliates, (If the result of a subpoena the requesting Party to inform the other Party as soon as the subpoena is received and the other
Party will have the right to fight such subpoena.) (ii) for use in any other judicial, regulatory, administrative or other proceeding
or in order to satisfy Tax, audit, accounting, claims, regulatory, litigation or other similar requirements applicable to such requesting
Party or any of its Affiliates, (iii) in connection with the preparation of the financial statements of such Party or its Affiliates
or (iv) to comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents; provided, that such access
shall not unreasonably interfere with the normal business operations of Datavault, NYIAX or their respective Affiliates, as applicable.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 5.4(a), no Party shall be required to provide access to
or disclose information (x) where such access or disclosure would violate any Law (including any applicable data protection and
privacy Laws) or agreement, or waive any attorney-client or other similar privilege, and each Party may redact information regarding
itself or its Subsidiaries or otherwise not relating to the other Party and its Subsidiaries, and, in the event such provision of information
could be commercially detrimental, violate any Law or agreement or waive any attorney-client or other similar privilege, the Parties
shall take all commercially reasonable measures to permit the compliance with such obligations in a manner that avoids any such harm
or consequence, or (y) in the event of a dispute between Datavault or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and NYIAX or any of
its Affiliates, on the other hand, except as would be required by applicable civil process or applicable discovery rules. To the extent
that either Party is provided access to personal data by the other Party pursuant to this Section, the receiving Party shall (without
prejudice to the foregoing obligations set forth in this Section 5.4(a)) comply with all applicable data protection and privacy
laws with respect to such personal data.

(b) Ownership
of Information. Any information owned by a Party that is provided to a requesting Party pursuant to this Section 5.4
shall be deemed to remain the property of the providing Party. Unless specifically set forth herein, nothing contained in this Agreement
shall be construed as granting or conferring rights of license or otherwise in any such information.

(c) Record
Retention. Except as otherwise provided herein, and to the extent permitted by applicable data protection and privacy Law, each Party
agrees to retain the books, records, documents, instruments, accounts, correspondence, writings, evidence of title and other papers (the
Books and Records) in their respective possession or control for a period of six (6) years, following the Closing
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Party may destroy or otherwise dispose of any Books and Records in accordance with its record
retention policies consistent with past practice and/or applicable data protection and privacy Laws, provided that, prior to such destruction
or disposal (i) such Party shall provide no less than 30 days prior written notice to the other Party of any such proposed
destruction or disposal (which notice shall specify in reasonable detail which of the Books and Records is proposed to be so destroyed
or disposed of), and (ii) if a recipient of such notice shall request in writing prior to the scheduled date for such destruction
or disposal that any of the information proposed to be destroyed or disposed of be delivered to such recipient, such Party proposing
the destruction or disposal shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, arrange for the delivery of such of the Books and Records as was
requested by the recipient (it being understood that all reasonable out of pocket costs associated with the delivery of the requested
Books and Records shall be paid by such recipient).

20

(d) Other
Agreements Providing for Exchange of Information. The rights and obligations granted under this Section 5.4 are
subject to any specific limitations, qualifications or additional provisions on the sharing, exchange or confidential treatment of information
set forth in this Agreement.

(e) Confidential
Information; Public Disclosure. The Parties shall ensure that, on and at all times after the Closing Date, each Party keeps strictly
confidential and does not use or disclose to any other Person, any non-public document or other non-public information that relates directly
or indirectly to Datavault, NYIAX or any their respective Affiliates, unless otherwise required by Law.

ARTICLE VI.

CLOSING

6.1. Closing Date.

The closing of the Exchange
and the other transactions hereunder (the Closing) shall take place remotely, and in such other places as are necessary
to affect the transactions to be consummated at the Closing, by signing of this Agreement, or at such other time, date and place as shall
be fixed by mutual agreement of the Parties. The effective time (Effective Time) of the Closing for tax, operational
and all other matter matters shall be deemed to be 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on the Closing Date.

6.2. Datavault Obligations.

At the Closing, Datavault
shall (i) deliver to NYIAX the Closing Shares as set forth in Section 2.3(b), and (ii) deliver to NYIAX the following
in such form and substance as are reasonably acceptable to NYIAX:

(a) this
Agreement duly executed;

(b) the
Software Development Agreement duly executed;

(c) the
License Agreement duly executed;

(d) the
Datavault Lock-Up Agreement duly executed;

(e) a
certificate signed by an authorized executive officer of Datavault, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that (i) Datavault shall
have performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants contained in this Agreement to be performed by it prior to the
Closing, and (ii) the representations and warranties of Datavault contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the
date of this Agreement (except to the extent such representations and warranties by their terms speak as of an earlier date, in which
case they shall be true and correct as of such date), in all material respects;

(f) a
certificate of the secretary (or equivalent officer) of Datavault certifying that attached thereto are (i) true and complete copies
of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors of Datavault authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the consummation of the Exchange and other transactions contemplated hereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and
effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and there, and (ii) true and
complete copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of Datavault if not already publicly filed with the SEC;

21

(g) transfer
agent instructions to issue via book-entry the Closing Shares being issued to NYIAX; and

(h) such
other documents and instruments (if any) as counsel for NYIAX and Datavault mutually agree to be reasonably necessary to consummate the
transactions described herein.

6.3. NYIAX Obligations.

At the Closing, NYIAX shall
(i) deliver to NYIAX the Shares as set forth in Section 2.3(a), and (ii) deliver to Datavault the following in
such form and substance as are reasonably acceptable to Datavault:

(a) this
Agreement duly executed;

(b) the
Software Development Agreement duly executed;

(c) the
License Agreement duly executed;

(d) the
NYIAX Lock-Up Agreement duly executed;

(e) a
certificate signed by an authorized executive officer of NYIAX, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that (i) NYIAX shall have
performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants contained in this Agreement to be performed by it prior to the Closing,
and (ii) the representations and warranties of NYIAX contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of this
Agreement (except to the extent such representations and warranties by their terms speak as of an earlier date, in which case they shall
be true and correct as of such date), in all material respects;

(f) a
certificate of the secretary (or equivalent officer) of NYIAX certifying that attached thereto are (i) true and complete copies
of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors of NYIAX authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the consummation of the Exchange and other transactions contemplated hereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect
and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and there, and (ii) true and complete
copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of NYIAX;

(g) transfer
agent instructions to issue via book-entry the Shares being issued to Datavault; and

(h) such
other documents and instruments (if any) as counsel for NYIAX and Datavault mutually agree to be reasonably necessary to consummate the
transactions described herein.

22

ARTICLE VII.

TERMINATION

7.1. Termination Events.

This Agreement may be terminated,
and the transactions contemplated herein may be abandoned:

(a) by
mutual written consent of the Parties;

(b) by
Datavault (by delivery of a written notice to NYIAX in accordance with Section 8.1(b)) if (i) Datavault is not in breach
of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations hereunder, and (ii) NYIAX is in material breach of any
of its representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations hereunder, and such breach is either (A) not capable of being
cured or (B) if curable, is not cured within forty -five(45) Business Days after the giving of written notice by Datavault to NYIAX;
or

(c) by
NYIAX (by delivery of a written notice to Datavault in accordance with Section 8.1(a)) if (i) NYIAX is not in breach
of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations hereunder, and (ii) Datavault is in material breach of
any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations hereunder, and such breach is either (A) not capable of being
cured or (B) if curable, is not cured within forty- five (45) Business Days after the giving of written notice by NYIAX to Datavault.

7.2. Termination
Procedures.

If any Party wishes to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, such Party shall deliver to the other Party a written termination notification in
accordance with Section 8.1 stating that such Party is terminating this Agreement and setting forth a brief statement of
the basis on which such Party is terminating this Agreement.

7.3. Effect of Termination.

In the event of any termination
of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become wholly void and of no further force
and effect, all further obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall terminate and there shall be no liability on the part of
any Party (or any Affiliate or Representative of such Party) to any other Party (or such other Persons), except that the provisions of
Section 5.3 and ARTICLE VIII of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and the Parties shall
remain bound by and continue to be subject to the provisions thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 7.3
shall not relieve either Party of any liability for Fraud, intentional misconduct or breach of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants, or other agreements set forth in this Agreement occurring prior to its termination.

23

ARTICLE VIII.

MISCELLANEOUS

8.1. Notices.

All notices and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (a) when delivered personally by hand (with written confirmation
of receipt, by other than automatic means, whether electronic or otherwise), (b) when sent by e-mail (with written confirmation
of receipt) or (c) one (1) Business Day following the day sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier for next business
Day delivery (with written confirmation of receipt), in each case, at the following addresses (or to such other address as a Party may
have specified by written notice given to the other Party pursuant to this provision):

(a) If
to Datavault:

Datavault AI Inc.

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, OR 97006

Attention: Nathaniel
Bradley

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attention: Joseph E. Segilia

(b) If
to NYIAX:

NYIAX, Inc.

900 Easton Ave. STE 26-1088

Somerset NJ 08873

Attention: Teri
Gallo

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Dickinson Wright PLLC

350 East Las Olas Blvd, Suite 1750

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33326

Attention: Joel D. Mayersohn

8.2. Severability.

If any provision of this
Agreement shall be declared by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, all other provisions of this
Agreement and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances other than those which it is determined to be illegal,
void or unenforceable, shall not be impaired or otherwise affected and shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable Law, and Datavault and NYIAX shall negotiate in good faith to replace such illegal, void or unenforceable provision with
a provision that corresponds as closely as possible to the intentions of the Parties as expressed by such illegal, void or unenforceable
provision.

24

8.3. Further Assurances; Further Cooperation.

Subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, each of the Parties agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to execute and deliver, or cause to be executed
and delivered, all documents and to take, or cause to be taken, all actions that may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to effectuate
the provisions of this Agreement, provided that all such actions are in accordance with applicable Law.

8.4. Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and
the same instrument. Copies of executed counterparts transmitted by electronic signature (including by means of e-mail in .pdf format)
shall be considered original executed counterparts for purposes of this Section 8.4.

8.5. Expenses.

Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, Datavault and NYIAX shall each pay their respective expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution
of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

8.6. Assignment; Successors and Assigns.

This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties to this Agreement and their respective permitted successors, legal representative and permitted
assigns; provided, however, that no Party to this Agreement may directly or indirectly assign any or all of its rights
or delegate any or all of its obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the other Party to this Agreement.
No assignment by a Party of any obligations hereunder shall relieve such Party of any such obligations. Subject to the preceding sentence,
this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.

8.7. Amendment; Waiver.

This Agreement may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified only by a written instrument executed by both Datavault and NYIAX. No waiver by either Party of any
of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and executed by the Party so waiving. Except as provided
in the preceding sentence, no action taken pursuant to this Agreement, including any investigation by or on behalf of any Party, or a
failure or delay by any Party in exercising any power, right or privilege under this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver
by the Party taking such action of compliance with any representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements contained herein, and in
any documents delivered or to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement and in connection with the Closing hereunder. The waiver by any
Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach.

25

8.8. Third Parties; No Benefit to Third Parties.

This Agreement does not create
any rights, claims or benefits inuring to any Person that is not a Party nor create or establish any third-party beneficiary hereto.

8.9. Governing Law.

This Agreement is governed
by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
provision or rule that would require or permit the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action, or
proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement must be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the
courts of the State of New York in each case located in the city of New York and County of New York, and each Party irrevocably submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action, or proceeding.

8.10. Disclosure Schedules.

The Disclosure Schedules
are hereby incorporated and made a part hereof and is an integral part of this Agreement. The Disclosure Schedules have been arranged,
for purposes of convenience only, as separate parts corresponding to the sections of ARTICLE III of this Agreement. The representations
and warranties contained in ARTICLE III of this Agreement are subject to (a) the exceptions and disclosures set forth
in the sections of the Disclosure Schedules corresponding to the particular section of ARTICLE III in which such representation
and warranty appears and are a part of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein, (b) any exceptions or disclosures explicitly
cross referenced in such section of the Disclosure Schedules by reference to another section of the Disclosure Schedules and (c) any
exception or disclosure set forth in any other section of the Disclosure Schedules to the extent it is reasonably apparent on the face
of such disclosure that such exception or disclosure is intended to qualify another section of the Disclosure Schedules. Nothing contained
in the Disclosure Schedules should be construed as an admission of liability or responsibility of any Party to any third party in connection
with any pending or threatened Proceeding or otherwise. Disclosures in the Disclosure Schedule shall not establish a standard of materiality
for any purpose whatsoever. Any capitalized terms used in the Disclosure Schedules but not otherwise defined therein shall be defined
as set forth in this Agreement.

8.11. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement, the other
Transaction Documents, the Disclosure Schedules and the exhibits hereto and any other agreements between Datavault and NYIAX entered
into on the date hereof set forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no
agreements, understandings, representations or warranties between the Parties or their respective Subsidiaries other than those set forth
or referred to herein or therein. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and any other Transaction
Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.

26

8.12. Non-Recourse.

Except as expressly set forth
in the other Transaction Documents, all claims, obligations, liabilities, or causes of action (whether in contract or in tort, at law
or in equity, granted by statute or otherwise) that may be based upon, in respect of, arise under, out or by reason of, be connected
with, or relate in any manner to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution, or performance of this Agreement (including any representation
or warranty made in, in connection with, or as an inducement to, this Agreement), may be made only against (and such representations
and warranties are those solely of) the Persons that are expressly identified as parties in the preamble to this Agreement (the Contracting
Parties). No Person who is not a Contracting Party, including any current, former or future equity holder, incorporator, controlling
person, general or limited partner, member, Affiliate, or assignee or Representative of, and any financial advisor or lender to, any
Contracting Party, or any current, former or future equity holder, incorporator, controlling person, general or limited partner, Affiliate,
or assignee or Representative of, and any financial advisor or lender to, any of the foregoing or any of their respective successors,
predecessors or assigns (or any successors, predecessors or assigns of the foregoing) (collectively, the Nonparty Affiliates),
shall have any Liability (whether in contract or in tort, at law or in equity, granted by statute or otherwise) for any claims, causes
of action, obligations, or liabilities arising under, out of, in connection with, or related in any manner to this Agreement or based
on, in respect of, or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution, performance, or breach (other than as expressly set
forth in the other Transaction Documents), and, to the maximum extent permitted by Law, each Contracting Party hereby waives and releases
all such Liabilities, claims, causes of action, and obligations arising under, out of, in connection with, or related in any manner to
this Agreement or based on, in respect of, or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution, performance, or breach (other
than as expressly set forth in the other Transaction Documents) against any such Nonparty Affiliates. Without limiting the foregoing,
to the maximum extent permitted by Law, except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth in the other Transaction Documents, (i) each
Contracting Party hereby waives and releases any and all rights, claims, demands, or causes of action that may otherwise be available,
whether in contract or in tort, at law or in equity, granted by statute or otherwise, to avoid or disregard the entity form of a Contracting
Party or otherwise impose liability of a Contracting Party on any Nonparty Affiliate, whether granted by statute or based on theories
of equity, agency, control, instrumentality, alter ego, domination, sham, single business enterprise, piercing the veil, unfairness,
undercapitalization, or otherwise, in each case, arising under, out of, in connection with, or related in any manner to this Agreement
or based on, in respect of, or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution, performance, or breach and (ii) each Contracting
Party disclaims any reliance upon any Nonparty Affiliates with respect to the performance of this Agreement or any representation or
warranty made in, in connection with, or as an inducement to this Agreement.

8.13. Waiver and Release of Claims.

(a) Subject
to Section 8.13(b), in consideration of the covenants, agreements and undertaking each Party is entitled under the Agreement,
effective as of the Closing, Datavault and NYIAX, respectively, on behalf of itself and each of its Affiliates, and its and their respective
Representatives and successors and assigns, and each of their respective Affiliates, past and present direct and indirect equity holders,
parents, subsidiaries, principals, directors, managers, partners, general partners, limited partners, officers, employees, trustees,
joint ventures, predecessors, successors, assigns, beneficiaries, heirs, executors, personal or legal representatives, insurers, attorneys,
agents and representatives in their capacities as such (Releasing Parties) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
releases, acquits and forever discharges Datavault and NYIAX, respectively, and each of its Affiliates, and their respective past and
present successors, predecessors, assigns, employees, agents, partners, members, Subsidiaries, equity holders, parent companies, controlling
persons, other Affiliates (corporate or otherwise) and legal representatives, including their respective past and present officers and
directors, solely in their capacities as such, and any past and present successors, predecessors, assigns, employees, agents, partners,
members, Subsidiaries, equity holders, parent companies, controlling persons, other Affiliates (corporate or otherwise) and legal representatives,
including past and present officers and directors, solely in their capacity as such, of any of the foregoing (together, the Released
Parties), from any and all claims, actions, causes of actions, Proceedings, Liens, Liabilities, Losses, suits, counterclaims,
offsets, setoffs, of every kind, in connection with the transactions arising up to and including the Closing, whether in law, equity
or otherwise, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected (including any fiduciary duty claims against the Released Parties) that any
Releasing Party now has, has had or could have asserted against any of the Released Parties prior to the Closing or on account of or
arising out of any matter occurring on or prior to the Closing, including any rights to indemnification or reimbursement from any of
the Released Parties (collectively, the Released Claims).

27

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing in this Section 8.13, the Released Claims shall not include, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall
affect a Releasing Partys rights pursuant to the terms of any Transaction Document. Each such Releasing Party hereby irrevocably
agrees to refrain from, directly or indirectly, asserting any claim or demand or any Proceeding against any Released Party based upon
any Released Claim.

8.14. Section Headings; Table of Contents.

The Section headings
contained in this Agreement and the Table of Contents to this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement.

8.15. Specific Performance.

(a) The
Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms
hereof and that the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement
or to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions hereof, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled
at Law or in equity.

(b) Each
Party further agrees that: (i) no such Party will oppose the granting of an injunction or specific performance as provided herein
on the basis that another Party has an adequate remedy at Law or that an award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for
any reason at Law or equity; (ii) no such party will oppose the specific performance of the terms and provisions of this Agreement;
and (iii) no other Party or any other Person shall be required to obtain, furnish, or post any bond or similar instrument in connection
with or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred to in this Section 8.15, and each Party irrevocably waives any
right it may have to require the obtaining, furnishing, or posting of any such bond or similar instrument.

28

8.16. Non-survival of Representations and Warranties.

None of the representations
and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive Closing. This Section 8.16
shall not limit the survival of any covenant or agreement of the parties in the Agreement which by its terms contemplates performance
after the Closing.

8.17. Fulfillment of Obligations.

Any obligation of any Party
to any other Party under this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents, which obligation is performed, satisfied, or fulfilled completely
by an Affiliate of such Party, shall be deemed to have been performed, satisfied or fulfilled by such Party.

[signature page follows]

29

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Share Exchange Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

DATAVAULT AI INC.

By: /s/ Nathaniel Bradley

Name: Nathaniel Bradley

Title: Chief Executive Officer

NYIAX, INC.

By: /s/ Teri Gallo

Name: Teri Gallo

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Share Exchange Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm259436d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

WHITE LABEL, CO-MARKETING AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
CROSS-LICENSE AGREEMENT

This WHITE LABEL, CO-MARKETING
AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CROSS-LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 16, 2025 (the Effective
Date), is made by and between Datavault AI Inc., a Delaware corporation with a principal place of business at 15268 NW Greenbrier
Pkwy, Beaverton, Oregon 97006 (Datavault), and NYIAX, Inc., a Delaware corporation with a principal place of
business at 244 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10001 (NYIAX) (each a Party and together the Parties).

WHEREAS,
Datavault is the owner of various Patents set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof and certain related
Know-How, together with certain additional Intellectual Property Rights relating to Datavaults Adio Platform set forth on Exhibit B
attached hereto and made a part hereof, all as further defined herein;

WHEREAS,
NYIAX is the owner, or a joint owner, of various Patents set forth on Exhibit C attached hereto and made a part hereof and
certain related Know-How, all as further defined herein; and

WHEREAS,
in connection with that certain Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2025, by and between Datavault and NYIAX (the Share
Exchange Agreement) and that certain Software Development Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2025, by and between Datavault
and NYIAX (the Development Agreement, together with the Share Exchange Agreement and this Agreement, the Transaction
Agreements), Datavault wishes to grant to NYIAX, and NYIAX wishes to accept, certain licenses under the Datavault Licensed
IP (as defined below), and NYIAX wishes to grant to Datavault, and Datavault wishes to accept, certain licenses under the NYIAX Licensed
IP (as defined below), all in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized terms used but
not defined elsewhere in this Agreement have the following meanings:

1.1 Adio
Licensed Marks means those certain Marks set forth on Exhibit B hereto, together with any registrations or applications
for registration of any of the foregoing throughout the world.

1.2 Adio
Licensed Patents (a) the Patents set forth on Exhibit B hereto (the Adio Scheduled Patents);
(b) any Patent issuing after the Effective Date that claims priority to any Adio Scheduled Patent (excluding those claims in any
continuation-in-part patent application that are not supported by the disclosure in any Adio Scheduled Patent); and (c) all foreign
equivalents of any of the foregoing.

1.3 Adio
Platform means Datavaults proprietary advertising optimization platform for increasing engagement using embedded tones.

1.4 Affiliate
means, with respect to a Party or Third Party, a corporation, company or other entity, directly or through one or more intermediaries,
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Party or Third Party. For purposes of this Section 1.2, control,
controlled and controlling mean direct or indirect ownership or control of more than fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding shares or securities having the right to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority of the controlled
entity.

1.5 Change
of Control means, with respect to a Party, the occurrence after the Effective Date of any of the following: (a) an acquisition,
reorganization, merger, or consolidation of such Party by or with a Third Party in which the holders of the voting securities of such
Party outstanding immediately before such transaction cease to beneficially own at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power
of the surviving entity, directly or indirectly, immediately after such transaction; (b) a transaction or series of related transactions
in which a Third Party becomes the beneficial owner of fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding securities
of such Party; or (c) the sale or other transfer to a Third Party of all or substantially all of such Partys assets.

1.6 Datavault
Field means the field of data, information and asset monetization and exchange.

1.7 Datavault
Licensed IP means, collectively, the Datavault Licensed Patents, Datavault Licensed Know-How, Adio Licensed Patents, and Adio
Licensed Marks.

1.8 Datavault
Licensed Know-How means any and all Know-How owned by Datavault relating to the NYIAX Field.

1.9 Datavault
Licensed Patents means (a) the Patents set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Datavault Scheduled Patents);
(b) any Patent issuing after the Effective Date that claims priority to any Datavault Scheduled Patent (excluding those claims in
any continuation-in-part patent application that are not supported by the disclosure in any Datavault Scheduled Patent); and (c) all
foreign equivalents of any of the foregoing.

1.10 Datavault
Licensed Products means any products, systems, equipment or services, (a) the manufacture, use, offer for sale, sale,
or importation of which by Datavault would, in the absence of a license granted under, or ownership of, the relevant NYIAX Licensed Patent,
infringe a Valid Claim; or (b) that incorporates or embodies any NYIAX Licensed Know-How or the NYIAX Platform.

1.11 Improvement
means, with respect to any Licensed IP, any improvement, enhancement, derivative work, modification, adaptation, or new application of
such Licensed IP.

2

1.12 Intellectual
Property Rights means any and all of the following arising under the laws of any jurisdiction throughout the world: (a) patents
and patent applications (whether provisional or non-provisional), including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, substitutions,
reissues, reexaminations, extensions, or restorations of any of the foregoing, and other governmental authority-issued indicia of invention
ownership (including certificates of invention, petty patents, and utility models) (Patents); (b) copyrights
and works of authorship (whether or not copyrightable), and all registrations, applications for registration, and renewals of any of the
foregoing; (c) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, domain names, social media accounts or usernames, URLs, IP
addresses, IP address ranges, websites or other indicia of source or origin, together with all goodwill symbolized thereby and associated
therewith (Marks); (d) trade secrets, know-how, technology, inventions (whether or not patentable), discoveries,
ideas, processes, methods, designs, plans, instructions, specifications, formulas, testing and other protocols, settings, and procedures,
and other confidential or proprietary technical, scientific, engineering, business, or financial information (Know-How);
and (e) other intellectual property and related proprietary rights.

1.13 Licensed
IP means, collectively, the Datavault Licensed IP and the NYIAX Licensed IP. A Partys Licensed IP is, for Datavault,
the Datavault Licensed IP, and for NYIAX, the NYIAX Licensed IP.

1.14 Licensed
Patents means, collectively, the Datavault Licensed Patents and the NYIAX Licensed Patents.

1.15 Licensed
Products means, collectively, the Datavault Licensed Products and NYIAX Licensed Products.

1.16 Licensee
means (a) NYIAX, in its capacity as licensee of the Datavault Licensed IP pursuant to Section 2.1, and (b) Datavault, in
its capacity as licensee of the NYIAX Licensed IP pursuant to Section 2.2.

1.17 Licensor
means (a) Datavault, in its capacity as licensor of the Datavault Licensed IP pursuant to Section 2.1, and (b) NYIAX, in
its capacity as licensor of the NYIAX Licensed IP pursuant to Section 2.2.

1.18 NYIAX
Field means the field of advertising buying, selling and brokerage.

1.19 NYIAX
Licensed IP means, collectively, the NYIAX Licensed Patents and NYIAX Licensed Know-How.

1.20 NYIAX
Licensed Know-How any and all Know-How owned by NYIAX relating to the Datavault Field.

1.21 NYIAX
Licensed Patents means (a) those certain Patents (i) solely owned by NYIAX, which NYIAX acquired from Network Foundation
Technologies, LLC pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2023, and (ii) jointly owned by Nasdaq
Technology AB (Nasdaq) and NYIAX (the Jointly Owned NYIAX Licensed Patents), as set forth on
Exhibit C hereto (the NYIAX Scheduled Patents); (b) any Patent issuing after the Effective Date
that claims priority to any NYIAX Scheduled Patent (excluding those claims in any continuation-in-part patent application that are not
supported by the disclosure in any NYIAX Scheduled Patent); and (c) all foreign equivalents of any of the foregoing; the foregoing
being subject to certain prior Third Party obligations to Nasdaq.

3

1.22 NYIAX
Licensed Products means any products, systems, equipment or services, (a) the manufacture, use, offer for sale, sale,
or importation of which by NYIAX would, in the absence of a license granted under, or ownership of, the relevant Datavault Licensed Patent
or Adio Licensed Patent, infringe a Valid Claim; or (b) that incorporates or embodies any Datavault Licensed Know-How or Adio Licensed
Mark.

1.23 NYIAX
Platform means NYIAXs proprietary software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform for advertising and creative management and
brokerage.

1.24 NYIAX
White Label means the NYIAX Platform developed by, and/or for, NYIAX that can be utilized by a Third Party.

1.25 Restricted
Business means: (a) with respect to Datavault, any product or service that is competitive with NYIAX or its NYIAX Platform;
and (b) with respect to NYIAX, any product or service that is competitive with Datavault or its Adio Platform.

1.26 Territory
means everywhere in the world.

1.27 Third
Party or Third Parties means any entity other than a Party to this Agreement or an Affiliate.

1.28 Valid
Claim means a claim of an unexpired issued Licensed Patent that has not been admitted or otherwise caused by the Party that
owns such Licensed Patent to be invalid or unenforceable through reissue, disclaimer, or otherwise, or held invalid or unenforceable by
an unappealed or unappealable judgment of a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction.

2. License
Grants; Certain Restrictions.

2.1 Datavault
License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Datavault hereby grants to NYIAX a non-exclusive, non-transferable
(except in accordance with Section 13), sublicensable (to the extent permitted in Section 2.3), royalty-free license in the
Territory during the Term:

(a) under
the Datavault Licensed Patents to make, have made, import, use, offer to sell, sell, and otherwise commercialize NYIAX Licensed Products,
and to use the Datavault Licensed Know-How in connection therewith, in each case solely in the NYIAX Field; and

(b) under
the Adio Licensed Patents to make, have made, import, use, offer to sell, sell, and otherwise commercialize the NYIAX Platform, and to
use the Adio Licensed Marks solely in connection therewith, in each case solely in the NYIAX Field.

Without limiting the foregoing, NYIAX shall not,
and shall ensure that its Affiliates and sublicensees do not, directly or indirectly, use, practice, or otherwise exploit any Datavault
Licensed IP outside of the NYIAX Field.

2.2 NYIAX
License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, NYIAX hereby grants to Datavault a non-exclusive, non-transferable
(except in accordance with Section 13), sublicensable (to the extent permitted in Section 2.3), royalty-free right and license
in the Territory during the Term:

4

(a) under
the NYIAX Licensed Patents to make, have made, import, use, offer to sell, sell, and otherwise commercialize Datavault Licensed Products,
and to use the NYIAX Licensed Know-How in connection therewith, in each case solely in the Datavault Field and solely where the NYIAX
White Label product is a component of a Datavault Licensed Product; and

(b) (i) to
use, modify, and distribute the NYIAX Platform and any Work Product (as that term is defined in the Development Agreement) as a NYIAX
White Label product as a component of a Datavault Licensed Product in the Datavault Field; and (ii) for Datavault and its employees,
independent contractors and agents acting on its behalf to access and use the NYIAX Platform for all of Datavaults advertising
buying, selling and brokerage purposes where the NYIAX White Label product is a component of a Datavault Licensed Product.

Without limiting the foregoing, Datavault shall
not, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and sublicensees do not, directly or indirectly, use, practice, or otherwise exploit any NYIAX
Licensed IP outside of the Datavault Field or for any Datavault Licensed Products that do not include the NYIAX White Label product as
a component thereof.

2.3 Sublicensing.
Neither Party may grant sublicenses under the rights and licenses granted to it under Section 2.1 or Section 2.2, as applicable,
to its Affiliates or any Third Party except upon the other Partys prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party
shall have the right to offer Licensed Products to end users. All sublicenses must be in writing, be subject to and consistent with the
applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement, and name the other Party as an intended third-party beneficiary with the right to enforce
such sublicenses terms and conditions. The Party granting the sublicense shall deliver to the other Party a true, complete, and
correct copy of each such sublicense agreement and any amendment thereto promptly following its execution. The Party granting the sublicense
shall ensure that each sublicensee complies with the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any act or omission of a sublicensee
that would be a material breach of this Agreement if performed by the Party granting the sublicense will be deemed to be a material breach
by such Party. Any sublicense granted to a Third Party must prohibit such third-party sublicensee from further sublicensing without the
other Partys prior written consent.

2.4 Rights
of Affiliates. All sublicenses granted to any Affiliate of a Party pursuant to Section 2.3 shall continue only for so long as
such sublicensee is an Affiliate of such Party and shall automatically and immediately terminate with respect to such sublicensee as of
the date it ceases to be an Affiliate of such Party.

2.5 Reservation
of Rights. Except as expressly set forth in this Section 2, this Agreement grants no right or license, whether by implication,
estoppel or otherwise, under any Intellectual Property Rights that either Party may own or control now or in the future. All rights not
expressly granted by a Party hereunder are reserved by such Party. Nothing contained herein will be construed as an obligation to disclose
or deliver any technical information or embodiment of any Intellectual Property Rights or to provide any technical assistance or other
services or deliverables to the other Party. The rights and licenses granted in Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 are subject to,
and limited by, any and all licenses, rights, limitations, and restrictions with respect to Intellectual Property Rights previously granted
to or otherwise obtained by any Third Party that are in effect as of the Effective Date.

5

2.6 Intellectual
Property Rights under Bankruptcy Code. All rights and licenses granted in the Licensed IP under this Agreement and any sublicense
are and will be deemed to be rights and licenses to intellectual property as such term is used in, and interpreted under,
Section 365(n) of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code) (11 U.S.C. 365(n)). Each
Party acknowledges that the other Party has all rights, elections, and protections under the Bankruptcy Code and all other bankruptcy,
insolvency, and similar laws with respect to the Agreement, and the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Parties agree that if either Party, as the licensor of the Licensed IP, or its estate shall become subject to any bankruptcy or similar
proceeding, subject to the other Partys rights of election under Section 365(n), all rights, licenses, and privileges granted
to the other Party under this Agreement will continue subject to the respective terms and conditions hereof, and will not be affected,
even by such Partys rejection of this Agreement.

3. Professional
Services.

3.1 NYIAX
Services. From time to time during the Term, NYIAX shall provide to Datavault certain commercial strategy, ad sales support and other
services (Services) as described in more detail in one or more statements of work signed by both Parties (each, a
Statement of Work) in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each Statement of Work shall include
the following information, if applicable: (a) a detailed description of the Services to be performed pursuant to the Statement of
Work; (b) a detailed description of the tangible or intangible materials, items, or outputs, including but not limited to reports,
presentations, designs, software, data, or other work products, required to be provided by NYIAX to Datavault under the applicable Statement
of Work (collectively, Deliverables); (c) the date upon which the Services will commence and the term of such
Statement of Work; (d) any criteria for completion of the Services; and (e) any other terms and conditions agreed upon by the
Parties in connection with the Services to be performed pursuant to such Statement of Work.

4. Consideration.

4.1 Note.
In consideration of the rights granted to NYIAX under this Agreement, NYIAX shall pay to Datavault a license fee in the form of a convertible
promissory note in the aggregate amount of Two Million Five Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars ($2,500,000) in substantially the form attached
hereto as Exhibit E.

4.2 Revenue
Share.

(a) Commercialization
of Licensed Products. NYIAX and Datavault agree to share all Gross Profit arising from the commercialization or exploitation of Licensed
Products, with the Party that leads the commercialization or exploitation receiving sixty percent (60%) of the Gross Profit, and the other
Party shall receive forty percent (40%) of the Gross Profit, regardless of which Party owns or controls the Licensed Products that are
the subject of such commercialization or exploitation. For purposes of this Agreement, Gross Profit means the total
revenue generated from the commercialization or exploitation of the appliable Licensed Products, less the following deductions: (i) Nasdaq
Fees (as defined below) payable pursuant to Section 4.2(b); (ii) costs associated with customizable code needed to service the
end user or purchaser of the Licensed Products; and (iii) other third-party costs directly related to the production and delivery
of the Licensed Products.

6

(b) Nasdaq
Fees. Notwithstanding Section 4.2(a), in any commercialization or exploitation of Licensed Products involving the NYIAX White
Label product or other software licensed from or jointly owned by Nasdaq, the Parties shall pay to Nasdaq a fee (Nasdaq Fees)
in an amount calculated as a percentage of gross revenue arising from such commercialization or exploitation, to the extent required and
at the applicable percentage set forth in a written agreement between NYIAX and Nasdaq concerning the use and ownership of the NYIAX Platform
and NYIAX Licensed Patents.

(c) Payment
Validity. No revenue share payment under this Section 4.2 shall be due and payable unless and until the underlying purchaser
of the relevant Licensed Products has made appropriate payment(s).

4.3 Advance
Payment. Datavault agrees to provide an advance payment in the amount of Four Hundred Fifty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($450,000) (the
Advance) to NYIAX. The Advance shall be payable to NYIAX upon the earlier of: (a) four (4) weeks following
the Effective Date; or (b) Datavaults consummation of one or more financing(s), from one or more investors and/or financial
institutions, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to Datavault of at least Four Million U.S. Dollars ($4,000,000). The Advance shall
be credited against NYIAXs share of revenue generated through commercialization or exploitation of Licensed Products pursuant to
Section 4.2. NYIAX shall apply the Advance against its earned revenue share on a periodic basis. If the total revenue share earned
by NYIAX during the Term exceeds the Advance, Datavault shall remit any additional amounts due in accordance with the revenue share terms
set forth herein. If, upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, the total revenue share earned by NYIAX is less than the Advance
provided, any remaining balance of the Advance shall be converted into a licensing fee for continued use of the NYIAX Platform. The Parties
acknowledge that the Advance is not a loan and shall be recouped solely from NYIAXs share of revenue as defined herein.
Partner shall not be entitled to reimbursement of any unearned portion of the Advance except as offset against NYIAX Platform licensing
fees.

4.4 Share
Issuance. As consideration for the Services provided by NYIAX pursuant to Section 3.1 and the rights to access and use the NYIAX
Platform granted to Datavault pursuant to Section 3.2, and upon the terms and subject to all of the conditions contained herein,
Datavault shall issue to NYIAX 2,530,000 newly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares (such shares, the Consideration Shares)
of common stock of Datavault, par value $0.0001 per share, on the Effective Date. As a condition and inducement to Datavaults willingness
to enter into this Agreement, NYIAX will enter into a lock-up agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D
(the Lock-Up Agreement), in respect of the Consideration Shares. Datavault hereby agrees to sell, transfer, convey,
assign and deliver to NYIAX all of the Consideration Shares free and clear of all liens and other encumbrances, other than restrictions
arising from the Lock-Up Agreement.

7

4.5 Payment
Terms. Each Party shall pay any amounts due hereunder: (a) in U.S. dollars by either (a) ACH, or (b) wire transfer
of immediately available funds to a bank the receiving Party designates in writing; and (b) without deduction of exchange, collection,
or other charges or withholding or other government-imposed fees or taxes.

4.6 Taxes.
All amounts payable hereunder include any sales, use, excise or other taxes, duties, levies and assessments, as required by law.

4.7 Late
Payment. If either Party fails to make any payment due under this Agreement by the due date for payment and for more than ninety (90)
days thereafter, then such Party shall pay interest on the overdue amount at a rate of the lesser of twelve percent (12%) per annum and
the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Such interest shall accrue on a daily basis from the due date until actual payment of
the overdue amount, whether before or after judgment. In the event of late payment, such Party shall also be responsible for all costs
incurred by the other Party in collecting the overdue amounts, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees, court costs,
and collection agency fees.

4.8 No
Deduction or Setoff. Each Party shall pay all amounts due under this Agreement without setoff, deduction, recoupment, or withholding
of any kind for amounts owed or payable by the other Party, whether under this Agreement, applicable law, or otherwise and whether relating
to the other Partys breach, bankruptcy, or otherwise, unless agreed by the Parties in advance.

4.9 Audit
Right. Each Party shall have the right, upon reasonable prior of at least fifteen (15) business days notice and during normal
business hours, to inspect and audit the books and records of the other Party to verify the accuracy of the amounts owed under the revenue
sharing provisions of Section 4.2 of this Agreement. Such audits shall be conducted by an independent Third-Party auditor mutually
agreed upon by both Parties. The costs of the audit shall be borne by the requesting Party, unless the audit reveals a discrepancy of
more than ten percent (10%) in the amounts owed and both Parties agree with the discrepancy, in which case the costs shall be borne by
the audited Party. Any discrepancies identified during the audit shall be promptly corrected, and any overpayments or underpayments shall
be settled within thirty (30) days of the Parties concurrence to the audits findings, without interest.

5. Intellectual
Property Rights.

5.1 Ownership
of Licensed IP. As between the Parties: (a) Datavault acknowledges and agrees that NYIAX owns or jointly owns all right, title
and interest in and to the NYIAX Licensed IP; (b) NYIAX acknowledges and agrees that Datavault owns all right, title and interest
in and to the Datavault Licensed IP; and (c) each Party acknowledges and agrees that neither such Party nor any of its Affiliates
or sublicensees will acquire any ownership rights in the Licensed IP licensed to such Party hereunder.

5.2 Improvements.
As between the Parties, each Party will solely own all right, title, and interest in and to any Improvement conceived or developed by
its employees or independent contractors. Each Partys Improvements will be deemed to be such Partys Confidential Information.
Each Party expressly acknowledges and agrees that no right or license, express or implied, is granted hereunder in or to any Improvements
by Licensor to Licensee.

8

5.3 Deliverables.
Datavault is, and shall be, the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the Deliverables, including all Intellectual
Property Rights therein. NYIAX agrees, and will cause its personnel to agree, that with respect to any Deliverables that may
qualify as work made for hire as defined in 17 U.S.C. 101, such Deliverables are hereby deemed a work made
for hire for Datavault. To the extent that any of the Deliverables do not constitute a work made for hire, NYIAX
hereby irrevocably assigns, and shall cause its personnel to irrevocably assign to Datavault, in each case without additional consideration,
all right, title, and interest throughout the world in and to the Deliverables, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein. NYIAX
shall cause its personnel to irrevocably waive, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any and all claims such personnel may
now or hereafter have in any jurisdiction to so-called moral rights or rights of droit moral with respect to the Deliverables.

5.4 Use
of Adio Licensed Marks. All use of the Adio Licensed Marks by or on behalf of NYIAX and its Affiliates or permitted sublicensees must
comply with Datavaults usage guidelines and quality standards communicated in writing to NYIAX and will be subject to Datavaults
review and approval. NYIAX, its Affiliates and permitted sublicensees shall not modify or alter any the Adio Licensed Marks or use any
of the Adio Licensed Marks in combination with other letters, words or designs, except upon the prior written approval of Datavault. All
goodwill accruing from NYIAXs or its Affiliates or permitted sublicensees use of any Adio Licensed Mark under this
Agreement will inure solely to the benefit of Datavault.

6. Prosecution,
Maintenance and Enforcement of Licensed IP.

6.1 No
Challenge. If either Party, as Licensee, directly or indirectly challenges the validity, enforcement, inventorship, or ownership of
any Patent within the Licensed IP, or assists any Third Party to bring or conduct any such challenge, in any forum of competent jurisdiction
(whether a court, a patent office or other governmental authority, or an arbitral tribunal), then Licensor may upon thirty (30) days
prior written notice to Licensee, terminate any and all licenses and rights granted under this Agreement to Licensee with respect to the
Patents that are the subject of any such challenge, unless the applicable challenge is dismissed or withdrawn within ten (10) days
following Licensors notice to Licensee under this Section 6.1 and not thereafter continued.

6.2 Prosecution
and Maintenance. As between the Parties, Licensor will have the sole and exclusive right and obligation, at its own cost and expense,
to file, prosecute, and maintain all Patents and Marks within the Licensed IP under which Licensor grants a license to Licensee hereunder,
the foregoing being subject to any prior Third Party obligations related to the NYIAX Licensed Patents set forth on Exhibit C.

6.3 Enforcement.
As between the Parties, Licensor will have the sole and exclusive right, but no obligation, at its own cost and expense, to initiate and
control any legal proceeding or take other appropriate action against any infringement or misappropriation of, or to defend against any
challenge to, the Licensed IP under which Licensor grants a license to Licensee hereunder. Licensor may retain all amounts recovered by
Licensor in any such action (including by settlement or other disposition), unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties.

9

6.4 Cooperation.
Upon Licensors request, Licensee shall provide reasonable assistance and cooperation in connection with any activities undertaken
by Licensor pursuant to Sections 6.2 (Prosecution and Maintenance) or 6.3 (Enforcement). Licensor shall keep Licensee reasonably informed
of the status of any such activities and shall reimburse Licensee for its reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection
therewith.

7. Certain
Covenants.

7.1 Non-Competition.
During the Term and for a period of twenty-four (24) months following the effective date of termination of this Agreement (the Restricted
Period), each Party shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates to, directly or indirectly: (a) engage in or
assist others in engaging in the Restricted Business in the Territory; or (b) intentionally interfere in any material respect with
the business relationships (whether formed prior to or after the date of this Agreement) between the other Party and its customers or
suppliers in connection with the Restricted Business.

7.2 Non-Circumvention.
During the Restricted Period: (a) Datavault shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, solicit
or entice, or attempt to solicit or entice, Nasdaq as a client or customer for purposes of diverting their business or services from NYIAX;
and (b) NYIAX shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, solicit or entice, or attempt to
solicit or entice, any clients or customers of Datavault or potential clients or customers of Datavault for purposes of diverting their
business or services from Datavault.

7.3 No
Solicitation. During the Restricted Period, each Party shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates to, directly or
indirectly, hire or solicit any employee of the other Party or encourage any such employee to leave such employment or hire any such employee
who has left such employment, except pursuant to a general solicitation which is not directed specifically to any such employees; provided
that nothing in this Section 7.3 shall prevent a Party or any of its Affiliates from hiring (a) any employee whose employment
has been terminated by the other Party; or (b) after one-hundred eighty (180) days from the date of termination of employment, any
employee whose employment has been terminated by the employee.

7.4 Compliance
with Laws; Patent Notices. Each Party shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the Territory in exercising its rights
and performing its obligations under this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, Licensee shall comply with: (a) the patent marking
provisions of 35 U.S.C. 287(a) and the patent marking laws of all applicable countries in the Territory; (b) any requirements
for recording all or part of this Agreement with a national or supranational governmental authority to the extent necessary for either
Party to fully enjoy the rights, privileges, and benefits of this Agreement; and (c) all applicable laws and regulations concerning
the export of any Licensed Product and any associated technical data, materials, or information, including any requirements for obtaining
an export license or other governmental approval.

10

7.5 Enforceability.
Each Party acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 7 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate
interests of the other Party and constitute a material inducement to the other Party to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. In the event that any covenant contained in this Section 7 should ever be adjudicated to exceed the
time, geographic, product or service, or other limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction, then any court is expressly
empowered to reform such covenant, and such covenant shall be deemed reformed, in such jurisdiction to the maximum time, geographic, product
or service, or other limitations permitted by applicable law.

8. Confidentiality.

8.1 Confidential
Information. Each Party (the Receiving Party) acknowledges that in connection with this Agreement it will gain
access to Confidential Information of the other Party (the Disclosing Party). For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential
Information means all non-public, confidential, or proprietary information of the Disclosing Party or its Affiliates, whether
in oral, written, electronic, or other form or media, whether or not such information is marked, designated, or otherwise identified as
confidential and includes any information that, due to the nature of its subject matter or circumstances surrounding its
disclosure, would reasonably be understood to be confidential or proprietary, including, specifically: (a) the Licensed Know-How;
(b) the Disclosing Partys other unpatented inventions, ideas, methods, discoveries, know-how, trade secrets, unpublished patent
applications, invention disclosures, invention summaries, and other confidential intellectual property; and (c) all notes, analyses,
compilations, reports, forecasts, studies, samples, data, statistics, summaries, interpretations, and other materials prepared by or for
the Receiving Party or its Affiliates that contain, are based on, or otherwise reflect or are derived from any of the foregoing in whole
or in part.

8.2 Exclusions.
Confidential Information does not include information that the Receiving Party can demonstrate by documentation: (a) was already
known to the Receiving Party or its Affiliates without restriction on use or disclosure prior to the receipt of such information directly
or indirectly from or on behalf of the Disclosing Party; (b) was or is independently developed by the Receiving Party or its Affiliates
without reference to or use of any Confidential Information; (c) was or becomes generally known by the public other than by breach
of this Agreement by, or other wrongful act of, the Receiving Party or its Affiliates; or (d) was received by Receiving Party or
its Affiliates from a Third Party who was not, at the time, under any obligation to the Disclosing Party or any Third Party to maintain
the confidentiality of such information.

8.3 Confidentiality
Obligations. As a condition to being provided with Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall: (a) not use the Disclosing
Partys Confidential Information other than as strictly necessary to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under this
Agreement; and (b) maintain the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information in strict confidence and, subject to Section 8.2,
not disclose the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information without the Disclosing Partys prior written consent, provided,
however, the Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information to its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives,
consultants and advisors, including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants and financial advisors (Representatives)
who: (i) have a need to know the Confidential Information for purposes of the Receiving Partys performance, or exercise of
its rights concerning the Confidential Information, under this Agreement; (ii) have been apprised of this restriction; and (iii) are
themselves bound by written nondisclosure agreements at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Section 8. The Receiving
Party shall be responsible for ensuring its Representatives compliance with, and shall be liable for any breach by its Representatives
of, this Section 8. The Receiving Party shall use reasonable care, at least as protective as the efforts it uses for its own confidential
information, to safeguard the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information from use or disclosure other than as permitted hereby.

11

8.4 Compelled
Disclosures. If the Receiving Party becomes legally compelled to disclose any Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall:
(a) provide prompt written notice to the Disclosing Party so that the Disclosing Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate
remedy or waive its rights under this Section 8.4; and (b) disclose only the portion of Confidential Information that it is
legally required to furnish. If a protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or the Disclosing Party waives compliance, the Receiving
Party shall, at the Disclosing Partys expense, use reasonable efforts to obtain assurance that confidential treatment will be afforded
the Confidential Information.

8.5 Duration.
The Receiving Partys confidentiality obligations under this Section 8 shall survive for a period of five (5) years following
termination of this Agreement; provided that, with respect to Confidential Information that constitutes trade secrets, such confidentiality
obligations shall continue in full force and effect for as long as such Confidential Information remains a trade secret.

9. Representations
and Warranties.

9.1 Mutual
Representations and Warranties. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that, as of the Effective Date: (a) it
is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization; (b) it
has the full right, power, and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; (c) the execution of this
Agreement by its representative whose signature is set forth at the end hereof has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or
organizational action of such Party; and (d) when executed and delivered by such Party, this Agreement will constitute the legal,
valid, and binding obligation of that Party, enforceable against that Party in accordance with its terms.

9.2 Datavault
Representations and Warranties. Datavault represents and warrants that: (a) Datavault is the owner of the entire right, title,
and interest in and to the Datavault Licensed IP; (b) the Intellectual Property Rights in the Datavault Licensed IP are valid, subsisting
and enforceable; (c) Datavault has not granted to any Third Party any licenses or other rights under the Datavault Licensed IP that
conflict with rights granted to NIYAX under this Agreement; and (d) the Datavault Licensed IP does not and will not infringe, misappropriate
or violate the Intellectual Property Rights of any Third Party.

12

9.3 NYIAX
Representations and Warranties. NYIAX represents and warrants that: (a) (i) NYIAX is the owner of the entire right, title,
and interest in and to the NYIAX Licensed IP, excluding the Jointly Owned NYIAX Licensed Patents, and (ii) NYIAX is a joint owner
of the entire right, title and interest in and to the Jointly Owned NYIAX Licensed Patents; (b) the Intellectual Property Rights
in the NYIAX Licensed IP are valid, subsisting and enforceable; (c) the NYIAX Licensed IP is free and clear of all encumbrances and,
except for prior Third Party obligations related to the NYIAX Licensed Patents set forth on Exhibit C, is not subject to any
licenses or other rights or obligations to any Third Party that conflict with rights granted to Datavault under this Agreement; (d) none
of the NYIAX Licensed IP, the NYIAX Platform, the Services or the Deliverables does or will infringe, misappropriate or violate the Intellectual
Property Rights of any Third Party; and (e) it shall perform the Services using personnel of required skill, experience, and qualifications
and in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with best industry standards for similar services and shall devote adequate
resources to meet its obligations under this Agreement.

9.4 Disclaimer.
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 9, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING
WITH RESPECT TO THE VALIDITY, ENFORCEABILITY, PATENTABILITY, OR SCOPE OF SUCH PARTYS LICENSED IP, OR ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
THAT ANY MANUFACTURE, USE, SALE, OFFER FOR SALE, IMPORT, LEASE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BY THE OTHER PARTY WILL
BE FREE FROM INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OTHER THAN SUCH PARTYS LICENSED IP LICENSED HEREIN, AND EACH PARTY
HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

9.5 Acknowledgment.
For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Parties acknowledge and agree that nothing
in this Agreement is intended to limit or restrict any of the representations, warranties, or remedies available to the Parties or their
Affiliates under the Transaction Agreements.

10. Limitation
of Liability.

10.1 Limitation
of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT,
EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR ENHANCED DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE USE OF THE LICENSED IP, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), STATUTE, OR
OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER EITHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS DO NOT APPLY TO CLAIMS OR LOSSES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO: (A) A PARTYS BREACH OF ITS CONFIDENTIALITY
OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 8; (B) A PARTYS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 11; OR (C) A PARTYS
GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT.

13

11. Indemnification.

11.1 Datavault
Indemnification. Datavault shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless NYIAX and its Affiliates, and each of NYIAXs and its
Affiliates respective officers, directors, employees, and agents against all losses, damages, liabilities, costs (including reasonable
attorneys fees) resulting from any third-party claim, suit, action, or other proceeding arising out of: (a) Datavaults
or any of its sublicensees use of any NYIAX Licensed IP; or (b) the manufacture, use, or sale of any Datavault Licensed Product
by or on behalf of Datavault or any of its sublicensees, including any product liability claim. The foregoing indemnification obligations
shall not apply to the extent any such claim arises as a result of NYIAXs gross negligence or willful misconduct or any claim that
the NYIAX Platform or Datavaults use thereof in accordance with Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement infringes, misappropriates
or violates the Intellectual Property Rights of any Third Party.

11.2 NYIAX
Indemnification. NYIAX shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Datavault and its Affiliates, and each of Datavaults and
its Affiliates respective officers, directors, employees, and agents against all losses, damages, liabilities, costs (including
reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any third-party claim, suit, action, or other proceeding arising out of: (a) NYIAXs
or any of its sublicensees use of any Datavault Licensed IP; (b) the manufacture, use, or sale of any NYIAX Licensed Product
by or on behalf of NYIAX or any of its sublicensees, including any product liability claim, except to the extent caused by Datavaults
gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (c) any claim that the NYIAX Platform or Datavaults use thereof in accordance with
Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement infringes, misappropriates or violates the Intellectual Property Rights of any Third Party.

11.3 Indemnification
Procedure. The indemnified Party shall promptly notify the indemnifying Party in writing of any claim, suit, action, or other proceeding
for which it is entitled to indemnification under Section 11.1 or 11.2 (each, an Indemnified Claim). The indemnifying
Party shall control the investigation and defense of the Indemnified Claim and shall employ counsel of its choice to handle and defend
the Indemnified Claim, at the indemnifying Partys expense. The indemnified Party shall provide all assistance reasonably requested
by the indemnifying Party, at the indemnifying Partys expense. The indemnifying Party shall not settle any Indemnified Claim in
a manner that adversely affects the rights of the indemnified Party or its Affiliates without the indemnified Partys prior written
consent. The indemnified Party may participate in and observe the proceedings at its own cost and expense with counsel of its choice.

12. Insurance.

12.1 Insurance.
Prior to using, selling, transferring, or otherwise disposing of any Licensed Product (including for the purpose of obtaining regulatory
approvals), and for a period of three (3) years after the Term, each Party shall, at its sole cost and expense, obtain, pay for,
and maintain in full force and effect commercial general liability and professional liability (Errors and Omissions) insurance in commercially
reasonable and appropriate amounts that in any event provides product liability coverage concerning the Licensed Products and contractual
liability coverage for such Partys defense and indemnification obligations under this Agreement of at least One Million U.S. Dollars
($1,000,000), with no more than One Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars ($100,000) of retained risk (deductible) from a carrier rated A- or
better by A.M. Best. Each Party shall have the other Party named in each policy as an additional insured. Each Party shall carry
any workers compensation insurance required by law. Upon request by the other Party, each Party shall provide the other Party with certificates
of insurance or other reasonable written evidence of all coverages described in this Section 12.

14

13. Term
and Termination.

13.1 Term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the Initial
Term). This Agreement shall automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term and each succeeding period, for an additional
period of five (5) years (each, a Renewal Term and together with the Initial Term, the Term)
unless a Party provides the other Party written notice of its intent not to renew no less than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to
the end of the Initial Term or then-current Renewal Term.

13.2 Termination
for Breach. Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon written notice to the other Party if the
other Party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receiving written notice thereof.

13.3 Effect
of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 13.1, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to determine
post-termination license and ad partnership continuation rights and appropriate compensation therefor; provided that any use of the Licensed
IP during such post-termination period shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement, and upon expiration of such period, each Party
shall have no further right, title, or interest therein. Upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 13.2: (a) the
breaching Party shall, and shall ensure that its sublicensees, promptly cease all use of the Licensed IP; and (b) all rights and
licenses granted to such breaching Party and its sublicensees under this Agreement will immediately revert to the non-breaching Party;
and (c) the rights and licenses granted by the breaching Party to the non-breaching Party will survive such termination but remain
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

13.4 Survival.
The provisions set forth in the following Sections, and any other right or obligation of the Parties in this Agreement that, by its nature,
should survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 5.1
(Ownership of Licensed IP), Section 5.2 (Improvements), Section 8 (Confidentiality), Section 9.4 (Disclaimer of Warranties),
Section 10 (Limitation of Liability), Section 11 (Indemnification), and Section 15 (General Terms).

14. Assignment;
Change of Control.

14.1 Assignment.
Neither Party shall assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any of its obligations or performance,
under this Agreement, in each case whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise, without the other Partys
prior written consent; provided that each Party may make such an assignment, delegation, or other transfer, in whole or in part, upon
prior written notice to the other Party, without the other Partys consent:

(a) to
an Affiliate, provided that: (i) the Affiliate assumes all of the assigning Partys obligations under this Agreement; and (ii) the
assigning Party shall remain liable and responsible for such Affiliates performance of all obligations and compliance with all
other terms and conditions of this Agreement; or

15

(b) in
connection with or as a result of a Change of Control of a Party (such Party, the Acquired Party); provided that
the Third Party that is the acquiring or surviving entity in a Change of Control involving any Party (the Acquiring Party):
(i) assumes all of the applicable obligations of the Acquired Party by operation of law or by express delegation, as applicable;
and (ii) delivers to the other Party, prior to or concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control, an express written
acknowledgment of the limitations and restrictions on the licenses granted to the Acquired Party hereunder as a result of such Change
of Control.

14.2 Transfer
of Licensed IP. Each Party may license, assign or otherwise transfer any of its Licensed IP, provided that the assigning Party shall
ensure that any purchaser, assignee or transferee of any Intellectual Property Rights underlying the licenses granted herein is notified
about the restrictions and grants of licenses and other rights contained in this Agreement and shall require that any such purchaser,
assignee or transferee and its Affiliates agree to be bound in writing by the licenses and obligations of the transferor set forth herein.

14.3 Change
of Control. In the event of a Change of Control:

(a) where
NYIAX is the Acquired Party: (i) the licenses granted under Section 2.1 will not extend to any product, service, or business
of the Acquiring Party or its Affiliates that was commercialized or conducted as of or at any time prior to the date of the consummation
of such Change of Control of NYIAX; and (ii) the licenses granted hereunder to Datavault will continue in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and will not otherwise be affected by the Change of Control of NYIAX; and

(b) where
Datavault is the Acquired Party: (i) the licenses granted under Section 2.2 will not extend to any product, service, or business
of the Acquiring Party or its Affiliates that was commercialized or conducted as of or at any time prior to the date of the consummation
of such Change of Control of Datavault; and (ii) the licenses granted hereunder to NYIAX will continue in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and will not otherwise be affected by the Change of Control of Datavault.

(c) Nothing
set forth herein will restrict either Party from transferring, assigning, or licensing any Licensed IP owned or controlled by such Party;
provided that any transfer, assignment, or exclusive license of any Licensed IP will be subject to the licenses granted in this Agreement
with respect to such Licensed IP.

14.4 Any
purported assignment, delegation, or transfer in violation of this Section 14 is void. This Agreement is binding upon and inures
to the benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns.

15. General
Terms.

15.1 Further
Assurances. Each Party shall, and shall cause its respective Affiliates to, upon the reasonable request of the other Party, promptly
execute such documents and take such further actions as may be necessary to give full effect to the terms of this Agreement.

15.2 Cost
and Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing, each Party assumes full responsibility for all costs and expenses which
it incurs in connection with this Agreement, including in carrying out its obligations hereunder, without the right to reimbursement for
any portion thereof from the other Party.

16

15.3 Relationship
of the Parties. The relationship of the Parties under this Agreement shall be and at all times remain one of independent contractors.
Neither Party is an employee, agent, franchisee, joint venturer, partner, or legal representative of the other and neither Party shall
have the authority to assume or create obligations on the other Party except as specifically set forth in this Agreement.

15.4 Publicity.
Either Party desiring to issue a press release or make a public statement or disclosure regarding this Agreement shall provide the other
Party with a copy of the proposed press release, statement or disclosure for review and approval in advance, which advance approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. No public statement or disclosure concerning the terms of this Agreement shall be
made, either directly or indirectly, by either Party hereto, without first obtaining the written approval of the other Party, which advance
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Once any public statement or disclosure has been approved in accordance
with this Section 15.4, then either Party may appropriately communicate information contained in such permitted statement or disclosure.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8 of this Agreement, a Party may disclose the terms of this Agreement (a) where
required, as reasonably determined by the Disclosing Party, by applicable law, regulation or legal process or by applicable stock exchange
rule, and (b) under obligations of confidentiality as required in Section 8 to such Partys Representatives in connection
with such Partys reasonable business activities.

15.5 Notices.
All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder must be in writing and sent to the respective
Party at the addresses indicated below (or at such other address for a Party as may be specified in a notice given in accordance with
this Section 15.5):

Notices
to Datavault:

Datavault AI Inc. 

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy 

Beaverton, Oregon 97006 

Attn: Nathaniel Bradley 

Notices
to NYIAX:

NYIAX, Inc. 

244 Fifth Avenue 

New York, NY 10001 

Attn: Teri Gallo and Bill Feldman 

Notices sent in accordance with this Section 15.5
will be deemed effective: (a) when received, if delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received,
if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by email (with confirmation of transmission),
if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on
the third (3rd) day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.

17

15.6 Force
Majeure. Except for NYIAXs payment obligations, if the performance of any part of this Agreement by either Party, or of any
obligation under this Agreement, is prevented, restricted, interfered with or delayed by reason of any cause beyond the reasonable control
of the Party liable to perform, unless conclusive evidence to the contrary is provided, the Party so affected shall, on giving written
notice to the other Party, be excused from such performance to the extent of such prevention, restriction, interference or delay, provided
that the affected Party shall use its best efforts to avoid or remove such causes of nonperformance and shall continue performance with
the utmost dispatch whenever such causes are removed. When such circumstances arise, the Parties shall discuss what, if any, modification
of the terms of this Agreement may be required in order to arrive at an equitable solution.

15.7 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with all Exhibits and any other documents incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the sole
and entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.

15.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns
and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or will confer upon any third party any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy
of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement.

15.9 Amendment;
Waiver. No amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless it is in writing and signed by both Parties. No waiver by either Party
of any of the provisions hereof will be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the waiving Party. Except as otherwise
set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this
Agreement will operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

15.10 Severability.
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability will not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision
in any other jurisdiction. Upon a determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the Parties shall
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually
acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent
possible.

18

15.11 Governing
Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without
giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would require or permit the application of the laws of any
other jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or the licenses granted hereunder
must be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of New York in each case located
in the city of New York and County of New York, and each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any
such suit, action, or proceeding.

15.12 Export
Regulation. The Licensed IP may be subject to U.S. export control laws, including the Export Control Reform Act and its associated
regulations. Neither party shall directly or indirectly export, re-export, or release the Licensed IP to, or make the Licensed IP accessible
from, any country, jurisdiction, or third party to which export, re-export, or release is prohibited by applicable law. Each Party shall
comply with all applicable laws and complete all required undertakings (including obtaining any necessary export license or other governmental
approval) prior to exporting, re-exporting, releasing, or otherwise making the Licensed IP available outside the United States.

15.13 Interpretation;
Conflict. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question
of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden
of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. In the
event of any conflict between this Agreement and any attached Exhibit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.

15.14 Equitable
Relief. Each Party acknowledges that a breach by the other Party of this Agreement may cause the non-breaching Party irreparable harm,
for which an award of damages would not be adequate compensation and, in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, the non-breaching
Party will be entitled to seek equitable relief, including in the form of a restraining order, orders for preliminary or permanent injunction,
specific performance, and any other relief that may be available from any court, and the Parties hereby waive any requirement for the
securing or posting of any bond or the showing of actual monetary damages in connection with such relief. These remedies are not exclusive
but are in addition to all other remedies available under this Agreement at law or in equity, subject to any express exclusions or limitations
in this Agreement to the contrary.

15.15 Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no rights or obligations in either Party and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

15.16 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, any of which may be executed and delivered in
electronic format or by electronic means, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

[signature page follows]

19

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Datavault and NYIAX have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date by their respective
duly authorized officers.

DATAVAULT:

DATAVAULT
AI INC.

By: /s/ Nathaniel Bradley

Name: Nathaniel Bradley

Title: Chief Executive Officer

NYIAX:

NYIAX, INC.

By: /s/ Teri Gallo

Name: Teri Gallo

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to White Label, Co-Marketing
and Intellectual Property Cross-License Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm259436d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3 

SOFTWARE
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

This SOFTWARE
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 16, 2025 (the Effective Date),
is entered into by and between Datavault AI Inc., a Delaware corporation with a principal place of business at 15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy,
Beaverton, Oregon 97006 (Datavault), and NYIAX, Inc., a Delaware corporation with a principal place of business
at 244 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10001 (NYIAX) (each a Party and together the Parties).

WHEREAS,
in connection with that certain Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2025, by and between Datavault and NYIAX, and that
certain Intellectual Property Cross-License Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2025 by and between Datavault and NYIAX (the License
Agreement), NYIAX desires to retain Datavault as an independent contractor to provide certain software development services
described herein, and Datavault wishes to provide such services to NYIAX, each on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized terms used but
not defined elsewhere in this Agreement have the following meanings:

1.1 Affiliate
means, with respect to a Party or third party, a corporation, company or other entity, directly or through one or more intermediaries,
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Party or third party. For purposes of this Section 1.1, control,
controlled and controlling mean direct or indirect ownership or control of more than fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding shares or securities having the right to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority of the controlled
entity.

1.2 Change
of Control means, with respect to a Party, the occurrence after the Effective Date of any of the following: (a) an acquisition,
reorganization, merger, or consolidation of such Party by or with a third party in which the holders of the voting securities of such
Party outstanding immediately before such transaction cease to beneficially own at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power
of the surviving entity, directly or indirectly, immediately after such transaction; (b) a transaction or series of related transactions
in which a third party becomes the beneficial owner of fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding securities
of such Party; or (c) the sale or other transfer to a third party of all or substantially all of such Partys assets.

1.3 Deliverables
means the Software, Documentation, and other work product that Datavault is required to deliver to NYIAX pursuant to an SOW under this
Agreement.

1.4 Documentation
means any and all manuals, instructions, specifications, and other documents and materials that Datavault provides or makes available
to NYIAX in any medium and which describe the functionality, components, features, or requirements of the Software, including the installation,
configuration, integration, operation, use, support, or maintenance thereof.

1.5 Intellectual
Property Rights means any and all of the following arising under the laws of any jurisdiction throughout the world: (a) patents
and patent applications (whether provisional or non-provisional), including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, substitutions,
reissues, reexaminations, extensions, or restorations of any of the foregoing, and other governmental authority-issued indicia of invention
ownership (including certificates of invention, petty patents, and utility models); (b) copyrights and works of authorship (whether
or not copyrightable), and all registrations, applications for registration, and renewals of any of the foregoing; (c) trademarks,
service marks, trade dress, trade names, domain names, social media accounts or usernames, URLs, IP addresses, IP address ranges,
websites or other indicia of source or origin, together with all goodwill symbolized thereby and associated therewith; (d) trade
secrets, know-how, technology, inventions (whether or not patentable), discoveries, ideas, processes, methods, designs, plans, instructions,
specifications, formulas, testing and other protocols, settings, and procedures, and other confidential or proprietary technical, scientific,
engineering, business, or financial information; and (e) other intellectual property and related proprietary rights.

1.6 NYIAX
Materials means all materials, information, data, content, hardware, software, knowledge, know-how, inventions, documentation,
specifications, intellectual property, documents and technology that are provided to Datavault by or on behalf of NYIAX in connection
with this Agreement.

1.7 Services
mean those certain software development and professional services mutually agreed by the Parties in writing in one more SOWs.

1.8 Software
means the software Datavault is required to or otherwise does create or provide to NYIAX in connection with the Services.

1.9 SOW
means a statement of work mutually executed by the Parties under this Agreement pursuant to which Datavault agrees to perform certain
Services described therein, which shall include the following information, if applicable: (a) a detailed description of the Services
to be performed, Deliverables to be provided, and the specification and functionality required for the Software pursuant to the SOW; (b) the
date upon which the Services will commence and the term of such SOW; (c) any criteria for completion of the Services; and (d) any
other terms and conditions agreed upon by the parties in connection with the Services to be performed pursuant to such SOW.

1.10 Specifications
means the specifications for the Software set forth in the applicable Development Plan.

2. Engagement
of Datavault and Software Development.

2.1 Engagement
of Datavault. NYIAX hereby engages Datavault, and Datavault hereby accepts such engagement, to develop certain Software and provide
certain Services related thereto as further described in one or more SOWs mutually agreed and executed by the Parties on the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement. Datavault may from time to time in its discretion engage third parties to perform Services.

2

2.2 Project
Management. Each Party shall, throughout the term of this Agreement, maintain within its organization a project manager to serve as
such Partys primary point of contact for day-to-day communications, consultation, and decision-making regarding the Services (each,
a Project Manager). Each such Project Manager shall be responsible for providing all day-to-day consents and approvals
on behalf of such party under this Agreement. Each Party shall ensure its Project Manager has the requisite organizational authority,
skill, experience, and other qualifications to perform in such capacity. Each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the same Project Manager in place throughout the term of this Agreement. If either Partys Project Manager ceases to be employed
by such Party or such Party otherwise wishes to replace its Project Manager, such Party shall promptly name a new Project Manager by written
notice to the other Party.

2.3 Development
Plan. In connection with each SOW, the Parties shall mutually prepare a development plan (Development Plan) for
the Software described in such SOW. The Development Plan shall include, without limitation, (a) detailed Specifications for the Software;
(b) a confirmation and listing of all Deliverables; (c) the dates by which the Parties are required to complete certain tasks,
including a confirmation of the delivery schedule for each Deliverable; (d) if the Services are to be performed on an hourly basis,
a then-current rate card for personnel assigned to the applicable project, and an estimate of the number of development hours by resource
for all Deliverables; (e) the designation of a Project Manager; (f) any mutually agreed requirements for quality assurance testing
and record keeping during the applicable development; and (g) any applicable requirements for the storage and delivery of Software
source code. Upon mutual approval, the Development Plan will be attached and made part of the corresponding SOW, and each Party will sign
the SOW indicating acceptance of the Specifications and other terms set forth therein. Each executed SOW will be deemed by both Parties
to have become a part of this Agreement and will be incorporated by reference.

2.4 Resources.
Datavault shall have the right to utilize its own personnel, including employees, contractors, and, upon NYIAXs prior written
approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, subcontractors, to perform the Services under this Agreement.
Datavault shall ensure that all personnel assigned to perform the Services possess the necessary skills, qualifications, and experience
to effectively execute their assigned tasks. NYIAX reserves the right to request the replacement of any Datavault personnel designated
in the applicable SOW as key personnel who fail to meet the agreed-upon qualifications, demonstrate a lack of necessary
skills, or engage in conduct that materially disrupts the applicable project.

2.5 Changes
in Project Scope. If at any time following execution of a SOW with an attached Development Plan, NYIAX should desire a material change
that will alter or amend the Specifications or other elements of such Development Plan, NYIAX will prepare an amendment of the original
SOW setting forth the desired change(s) and Datavault will prepare an amended Development Plan. Upon the mutual written agreement
of the Parties, the amended Development Plan will be attached and made part of the corresponding amended SOW, and each Party shall sign
the amended SOW indicating acceptance of the Specifications and other terms set forth therein. Each executed amended SOW will be deemed
by both Parties to have become a part of this Agreement and will be incorporated by reference. Datavault shall then commence development
of Software that will substantially conform to the requirements set forth in the amended Development Plan. If there is any conflict between
the original SOW and the corresponding amended SOW, the terms of the amended SOW will control.

3

2.6 Delays.
Datavault shall use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Services within the agreed-upon timeline set forth in the applicable
SOW. If Datavault anticipates material delays in meeting the Services timeline, it shall promptly notify NYIAX in writing, providing reasons
for the anticipated delay and an updated timeline. Penalties, if any, for delays within Datavaults control, shall be mutually agreed
by the Parties in the applicable SOW. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Datavault is not responsible or liable for any late delivery or delay
or failure of performance caused in whole or in part by NYIAXs delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations
under this Agreement. In the event of any such delay or failure, Datavault may, by written notice to NYIAX, extend all or any subsequent
due dates set forth in the Development Plan as Datavault deems reasonably necessary. The foregoing is in addition to, and not in lieu
of, all other remedies Datavault may have for any such failure or delay by NYIAX.

2.7 Nasdaq
Requirements. Datavault shall comply with all requirements imposed by Nasdaq Technologies AB (Nasdaq) on NYIAX
and the NYIAX Licensed IP, to the extent applicable to the Services or Deliverables and communicated to Datavault in writing.

3. Delivery;
Acceptance.

3.1 Delivery.
On each Deliverable delivery date as set forth in the applicable SOW, Datavault shall deliver the Deliverable to NYIAX, including, for
any Software, the object code and/or source code for such Software as expressly provided in the applicable SOW, and all Documentation
and other materials required to be provided in accordance with the delivery schedule.

3.2 Testing
and Acceptance.

(a) In
each SOW, the Parties will mutually agree on the applicable timeline for testing any Deliverable that constitutes Software (the Testing
Period). During the Testing Period, NYIAX shall inspect, test and evaluate the Deliverable (Acceptance Tests)
to evaluate whether it materially conforms to the Specifications and performs in accordance with the Documentation. Datavault has the
right to observe or participate in all or any part of such Acceptance Tests.

(b) Promptly
upon the completion of the Acceptance Tests, NYIAX shall notify Datavault in writing of its acceptance or, solely if the Acceptance Tests
identify any material failure of the Deliverable to conform to the Specifications and perform in accordance with the Documentation (each,
a Nonconformity), rejection of the Deliverable. NYIAX shall not unreasonably withhold its acceptance and shall include
in any rejection notice a reasonably detailed description of the Acceptance Tests conducted, the results thereof, and each identified
Nonconformity. Each Software Deliverable will be deemed accepted by NYIAX upon the expiration of the Testing Period therefor if NYIAX
has not delivered a written notice accepting or rejecting the Software Deliverable prior to such expiration.

4

(c) Datavault
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to correct any Nonconformity and re-deliver the nonconforming Software Deliverable in conformance
with the Specifications. Upon re-delivery, NYIAX shall have an additional Testing Period to conduct Acceptance Tests to determine whether
each Nonconformity has been remedied.

(d) The
Parties shall repeat the process set forth in Section 3.2(b) and Section 3.2(c) until NYIAX has accepted the Deliverable
as set forth in Section 3.2(b), provided, however, if Datavault fails more than three (3) times to remedy a material Nonconformity:
(i) NYIAX may accept the Deliverable as nonconforming, in which case the fees will be reduced equitably to reflect the value of the
Deliverable as received relative to the value of the Deliverable had it materially conformed to the Specifications and performed in accordance
with the Documentation; and (ii) if NYIAX does not accept the Deliverable as non-conforming, either Party may terminate this Agreement
by written notice to the other Party.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 3.2, Datavault shall only be obligated to correct a Nonconformity in a Deliverable caused
by Datavaults own reproducible programming errors. Datavault shall not be obligated to correct any failure, error, malfunction,
or noncompliance caused by NYIAXs modifications, enhancements, or other actions with respect to the Deliverable or by any third-party
software or hardware not recommended or required by Datavault. NYIAX shall pay Datavault for any expended time at Datavaults then
current rate for the correction of the failure, error, malfunction, or noncompliance caused by NYIAX or any such third-party software
or hardware.

(f) This
Section 3.2 sets forth Datavaults sole obligations and NYIAXs exclusive remedies for any failure of any Deliverable
to conform to the Specifications or perform in accordance with the Documentation.

4. Certain
NYIAX Obligations.

4.1 NYIAX
Resources and Cooperation. NYIAX shall, in accordance with the Development Plan: (a) perform all obligations identified as NYIAX
Responsibilities in the Development Plan; (b) provide the NYIAX Materials and all such other resources as may be specified
in the Development Plan; (c) provide Datavault personnel with such access to NYIAXs premises and/or operating environment
as is necessary for Datavault to perform its obligations on a timely basis as set forth in the Development Plan; (d) ensure that
NYIAXs operating environment is set up and in working order to allow Datavault to perform the Services and deliver each Deliverable
constituting Software on or prior to the applicable due date set forth in the Development Plan; (e) participate with suitably qualified
and authorized personnel in all meetings scheduled in, or in accordance with, the Development Plan and such other meetings as may be scheduled
by the Parties; (f) provide all consents, approvals, exception notices, and other communications specified in the Development Plan
or as otherwise may be required under this Agreement; and (g) provide all cooperation and assistance Datavault reasonably requests
to enable Datavault to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement.

4.2 Non-Solicitation.
During the term of this Agreement and for one (1) year thereafter, NYIAX shall not, and shall not assist any third party to, directly
or indirectly, recruit or solicit (other than by general advertisement not directed specifically to any person) for employment or engagement
as an independent contractor any person employed or engaged by Datavault involved in any respect with the Services or the performance
of this Agreement.

5

4.3 Financing.
NYIAX agrees to use best efforts to raise additional capital through one or more financing(s), from one or more investors and/or financial
institutions, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to NYIAX of at least Ten Million U.S. Dollars ($10,000,000) (the Financings).
After completing one or more Financings resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to NYIAX of at least Ten Million U.S. Dollars ($10,000,000),
NYIAX hereby commits and agrees to pay to Datavault twenty percent (20%) of such proceeds as Development Fees (as defined below) pursuant
to Section 5.1 of this Agreement, with a minimum amount of Two Million U.S. Dollars ($2,000,000) guaranteed payment to Datavault.

5. Fees
and Payment.

5.1 Development
Fees. NYIAX shall pay Datavault for all Services in accordance with each applicable SOW (such fees, the Development Fees).
Datavault shall charge NYIAX the lowest rates that it would charge any other client for similar development Services. The pricing for
these Services shall be in accordance with industry standard norms and rates and in compliance with Nasdaqs applicable requirements.

5.2 Expenses.
NYIAX shall reimburse Datavault for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Datavault in performing Services under this Agreement;
provided that all individual expenses greater than One Thousand U.S. Dollars ($1,000), and aggregate expenses in any calendar month in
excess of Five Thousand U.S. Dollars ($5,000), shall require NYIAXs prior written approval. With each monthly invoice, Datavault
shall submit an itemized statement of Datavaults expenses incurred during the given calendar month, if any.

5.3 Payment
Terms. NYIAX shall pay all Development Fees and reimbursable expenses due hereunder: (a) within forty-five (45) days after the
date of the invoice therefor; (b) in U.S. dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account Datavault designates
in writing; and (c) without deduction of exchange, collection, or other charges or withholding or other government-imposed fees or
taxes. The amounts payable under this Agreement are not refundable.

5.4 Taxes.
The Development Fees and other charges payable to Datavault hereunder include any sales, use, excise or other taxes, duties, levies and
assessments, as required by law. If any new or increased taxes, duties, levies, or assessments become applicable after the execution of
this Agreement, such additional costs shall be borne by NYIAX.

5.5 Late
Payment. If NYIAX fails to make any payment due under this Agreement by the due date for payment and for more than ninety (90) days
thereafter, then NYIAX shall pay interest on the overdue amount at a rate of the lesser of twelve percent (12%) per annum and the maximum
rate permitted under applicable law. Such interest shall accrue on a daily basis from the due date until actual payment of the overdue
amount, whether before or after judgment. In the event of late payment, NYIAX shall also be responsible for all costs incurred by Datavault
in collecting the overdue amounts, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees, court costs, and collection agency fees.

6

5.6 No
Deduction or Setoff. NYIAX shall pay all amounts due under this Agreement without setoff, deduction, recoupment, or withholding of
any kind for amounts owed or payable by Datavault, whether under this Agreement, applicable law, or otherwise and whether relating to
Datavaults breach, bankruptcy, or otherwise.

5.7 Financing.
On a case-by-case basis during the term of this Agreement, NYIAX may request that Datavault provide financing for select Services provided
under an SOW. Datavault agrees to consider any such request in good faith, taking into account the financial position of both Parties
at the time of the request. For any financing agreed upon under this Section 5.8, Datavault shall have the right and option to convert
any such loan into NYIAX equity.

6. Intellectual
Property Rights.

6.1 Ownership
of Work Product. All materials, including, but not limited to, Software, patents, patentable ideas, trade secrets, Documentation,
programs, source code and object code, comments to the source or object code, Specifications, documents, abstracts and summaries thereof
(collectively, the Work Product) developed by Datavault in connection with this Agreement for NYIAX, or jointly by
NYIAX and Datavault, or by Datavault pursuant to specifications or instructions provided by NYIAX, shall belong exclusively to NYIAX.
Datavault acknowledges that the Work Product shall be deemed works made for hire by Datavault for NYIAX, and, therefore,
shall be the exclusive property of NYIAX. To the extent the Work Product are not deemed works made for hire under applicable
law, Datavault hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to NYIAX all right, title and interest in and to the Work Product, including,
without limitation, all patent and copyright interests, and agrees to execute, and to cause its employees and/or contractors to execute,
all documents reasonably requested by NYIAX for the purpose of applying for and securing any Intellectual Property Rights in the Work
Product at no charge to NYIAX.

6.2 License-Back
of Work Product. Notwithstanding Section 6.1, NYIAX hereby grants to Datavault a non-exclusive license, on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in Section 2.2 of the License Agreement, to all Work Product created under this Agreement.

6.3 NYIAX
Materials. NYIAX hereby grants to Datavault a limited, fully paid-up and royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide right and license
to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, modify, and create derivative works and improvements of the NYIAX Materials solely to
develop the Work Product and otherwise as necessary to perform the Services for the benefit of NYIAX. The term of such license will commence
upon NYIAXs first delivery of NYIAX Materials to Datavault and continue in effect until the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
As between the Parties, NYIAX is and will remain, the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the NYIAX Materials,
including all Intellectual Property Rights therein, subject only to the license granted under this Section 6.3.

6.4 Background
Technology. NYIAX acknowledges that Datavault owns or holds a license to use and sublicense, and may develop or acquire during the
term of this Agreement: (a) various development tools, routines, subroutines and other programs, data and materials that Datavault
may include, in whole or in part, in the Software developed under this Agreement; and (b) Intellectual Property Rights for use in
the Work Product, or for the development of the Work Product (collectively, Background Technology). As between the
Parties, Datavault owns and shall retain all right, title and interest in and to such Background Technology. Subject to full payment of
the fees due under this Agreement, Datavault grants NYIAX a nonexclusive, perpetual, worldwide license to use the Background Technology,
and all updates and revisions thereto, solely for purposes of using, making, selling, offering for sale, licensing, or sublicensing, or
otherwise exploiting the Work Product.

7

7. Confidentiality.

7.1 Confidential
Information. Each Party (the Receiving Party) acknowledges that in connection with this Agreement it will gain
access to Confidential Information of the other Party (the Disclosing Party). For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential
Information means all non-public, confidential, or proprietary information of the Disclosing Party or its Affiliates, whether
in oral, written, electronic, or other form or media, whether or not such information is marked, designated, or otherwise identified as
confidential and includes any information that, due to the nature of its subject matter or circumstances surrounding its
disclosure, would reasonably be understood to be confidential or proprietary, including information consisting of or relating to the Disclosing
Partys technology, trade secrets, know-how, business operations, plans, strategies, customers, and pricing, and information with
respect to which the Disclosing Party has contractual or other confidentiality obligations.

7.2 Exclusions.
Confidential Information does not include information that the Receiving Party can demonstrate by documentation: (a) was already
known to the Receiving Party or its Affiliates without restriction on use or disclosure prior to the receipt of such information directly
or indirectly from or on behalf of the Disclosing Party; (b) was or is independently developed by the Receiving Party or its Affiliates
without reference to or use of any Confidential Information; (c) was or becomes generally known by the public other than by breach
of this Agreement by, or other wrongful act of, the Receiving Party or its Affiliates; or (d) was received by Receiving Party or
its Affiliates from a third party who was not, at the time, under any obligation to the Disclosing Party or any third party to maintain
the confidentiality of such information.

7.3 Confidentiality
Obligations. As a condition to being provided with Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall: (a) not use the Disclosing
Partys Confidential Information other than as strictly necessary to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under this
Agreement; and (b) maintain the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information in strict confidence and, subject to Section 7.2,
not disclose the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information without the Disclosing Partys prior written consent, provided,
however, the Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information to its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives,
consultants and advisors, including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants and financial advisors (Representatives)
who: (i) have a need to know the Confidential Information for purposes of the Receiving Partys performance, or exercise of
its rights concerning the Confidential Information, under this Agreement; (ii) have been apprised of this restriction; and (iii) are
themselves bound by written nondisclosure agreements at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Section 7. The Receiving
Party shall be responsible for ensuring its Representatives compliance with, and shall be liable for any breach by its Representatives
of, this Section 7. The Receiving Party shall use reasonable care, at least as protective as the efforts it uses for its own confidential
information, to safeguard the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information from use or disclosure other than as permitted hereby.

8

7.4 Compelled
Disclosures. If the Receiving Party becomes legally compelled to disclose any Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall:
(a) provide prompt written notice to the Disclosing Party so that the Disclosing Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate
remedy or waive its rights under this Section 7.4; and (b) disclose only the portion of Confidential Information that it is
legally required to furnish. If a protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or the Disclosing Party waives compliance, the Receiving
Party shall, at the Disclosing Partys expense, use reasonable efforts to obtain assurance that confidential treatment will be afforded
the Confidential Information.

7.5 Duration.
The Receiving Partys confidentiality obligations under this Section 7 shall survive for a period of five (5) years following
termination of this Agreement; provided that, with respect to Confidential Information that constitutes trade secrets, such confidentiality
obligations shall continue in full force and effect for as long as such Confidential Information remains a trade secret.

8. Term
and Termination.

8.1 Term.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of five (5) years following the
Effective Date or the completion of the Services specified under all SOWs executed hereunder, unless sooner terminated pursuant to its
terms.

8.2 Termination
for Breach. Either Party may terminate this Agreement, effective on written notice to the other Party, if the other Party materially
breaches this Agreement, and such breach: (a) is incapable of cure; or (b) being capable of cure, remains uncured thirty (30)
days after the non-breaching Party provides the breaching Party with written notice of such breach.

8.3 Termination
for Insolvency. Either Party may terminate this Agreement, effective immediately, if the other Party: (a) becomes insolvent or
is generally unable to pay, or fails to pay, its debts as they become due; (b) files or has filed against it a petition for voluntary
or involuntary bankruptcy or otherwise becomes subject, voluntarily or involuntarily, to any proceeding under any domestic or foreign
bankruptcy or insolvency law; (c) makes or seeks to make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (d) applies
for or has appointed a receiver, trustee, custodian, or similar agent appointed by order of any court of competent jurisdiction to take
charge of or sell any material portion of its property or business.

8.4 Effect
of Termination. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement: (a) all outstanding amounts payable under this Agreement or
any SOW will be due and payable in sixty (60) days; (b) Datavault shall deliver to NYIAX no later than thirty (30) days after the
date of termination all object code and source code for any Software, and any associated documentation and other materials required, for
any and all work in progress for NYIAX that has not previously been delivered to NYIAX (to include revisions, updates or other modified
versions of previously-delivered Software); and (c) each Party shall (i) return to the other Party all documents and tangible
materials (and any copies) containing, reflecting, incorporating, or based on the other Partys Confidential Information; and (ii) permanently
erase the other Partys Confidential Information from its computer systems, except to the extent that (1) Datavault requires
such Confidential Information to exercise its rights under the license granted pursuant to Section 6.2, or (2) NYIAX requires
such Confidential Information to exercise its rights under the license granted pursuant to Section 6.4.

9

8.5 Survival.
The provisions set forth in the following Sections, and any other right or obligation of the parties in this Agreement that, by its nature,
should survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 6,
Section 7, this Section 8.5, Section 10, Section 11, and Section 13.

9. Representations
and Warranties.

9.1 Mutual
Representations and Warranties. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that, as of the Effective Date: (a) it
is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization; (b) it
has the full right, power, and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; (c) the execution of this
Agreement by its representative whose signature is set forth at the end hereof has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or
organizational action of such Party; and (d) when executed and delivered by such Party, this Agreement will constitute the legal,
valid, and binding obligation of that Party, enforceable against that Party in accordance with its terms.

9.2 NYIAX
Representations and Warranties. NYIAX represents and warrants that any NYIAX Materials furnished to Datavault by or on behalf of NYIAX
for Datavaults use in connection with any SOW, Deliverable or Software to be provided under this Agreement, and Datavaults
use thereof as contemplated under this Agreement, does not infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party nor arises from
or is connected with any misappropriation of any trade secrets or other intellectual or industrial property rights of any third party.

9.3 Datavault
Representations and Warranties.

(a) Services
Warranty. Datavault represents and warrants to NYIAX that Datavault will perform the Services using personnel of required skill, experience,
and qualifications and in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with generally recognized industry standards for similar
services and will devote adequate resources to meet its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) Software
Performance Warranty. Datavault warrants that upon delivery, the Software will materially conform to the Specifications in the applicable
Development Plan. If upon delivery, the Software does not perform as warranted in this Section 9.3(b), and NYIAX notifies Datavault
of the existence and nature of such breach promptly upon discovery, then Datavault will undertake, at its sole option and as NYIAXs
exclusive remedy for breach of this warranty, to correct the non-conformance or replace the Software at no additional expense to NYIAX.
This warranty shall be null and void if the nonconformance is due to: (a) hardware failures due to defects, power problems, environmental
problems or any cause other than the Software itself; (b) modification of the Software operating systems or computer hardware other
than by Datavault; or (c) misuse, errors or negligence of NYIAX, its employees or agents in operating the Software.

10

9.4 Disclaimer.
EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 9, ALL SOFTWARE, SERVICES, AND WORK PRODUCT ARE PROVIDED AS IS
AND DATAVAULT HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE. DATAVAULT SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM
COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, DATAVAULT MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND THAT THE SOFTWARE
OR WORK PRODUCT, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR RESULTS OF THE USE THEREOF, WILL MEET NYIAXS OR ANY OTHER PERSONS REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE
WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY SOFTWARE, SYSTEM, OR OTHER SERVICES EXCEPT IF AND TO
THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE SPECIFICATIONS, OR BE SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR-FREE. ALL THIRD-PARTY
MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF OR CONCERNING ANY THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS IS STRICTLY BETWEEN
NYIAX AND THE THIRD-PARTY OWNER OR DISTRIBUTOR OF THE THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS.

10. Indemnification.

10.1 Datavault
Indemnification. Datavault shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless NYIAX and its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors,
and assigns (each, a NYIAX Indemnitee) from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims,
actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys
fees, fees, and the cost of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder, and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers (Losses)
incurred by any NYIAX Indemnitee resulting from any claim, suit, action, or other proceeding (Action) by a third
party (other than an Affiliate of a NYIAX Indemnitee) to the extent such action is alleging that NYIAXs use of the Software (excluding
NYIAX Materials and third-party materials) in compliance with this Agreement infringes a U.S. Intellectual Property Right. The foregoing
obligation does not apply to any Action or Losses arising out of or relating to any: (a) combination of the Software with any hardware,
system, or other software or materials not provided or authorized in writing by Datavault; (b) modification of the Software other
than by Datavault; (c) failure to timely implement any modifications, upgrades, replacements, or enhancements made available to NYIAX;
or (d) act, omission, or other matter described in Section 10.2, whether or not the same results in any Action against or Loss
by any Datavault Indemnitee.

10.2 NYIAX
Indemnification. NYIAX shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Datavault and its subcontractors and Affiliates, and each of its
and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns (each, a Datavault Indemnitee)
from and against any and all Losses incurred by any Datavault Indemnitee in connection with any Action by a third party (other than an
Affiliate of a Datavault Indemnitee) to the extent such Action is arising out of or relating to: (a) NYIAX Materials or Datavaults
use thereof in accordance with this Agreement; (b) Datavaults compliance with any specifications or directions provided by
or on behalf of NYIAX; or (c) any allegation of facts that, if true, would constitute NYIAXs breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants, or obligations under this Agreement.

11

10.3 Indemnification
Procedure. The indemnified Party shall promptly notify the indemnifying Party in writing of any claim, suit, action, or other proceeding
for which it is entitled to indemnification under Section 10.1 or 10.2 (each, an Indemnified Claim). The indemnifying
Party shall control the investigation and defense of the Indemnified Claim and shall employ counsel of its choice to handle and defend
the Indemnified Claim, at the indemnifying Partys expense. The indemnified Party shall provide all assistance reasonably requested
by the indemnifying Party, at the indemnifying Partys expense. The indemnifying Party shall not settle any Indemnified Claim in
a manner that adversely affects the rights of the indemnified Party or its Affiliates without the indemnified Partys prior written
consent. The indemnified Party may participate in and observe the proceedings at its own cost and expense with counsel of its choice.

10.4 THIS
SECTION 10 SETS FORTH NYIAXS SOLE REMEDIES AND DATAVAULTS SOLE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATION FOR ANY ACTUAL, THREATENED,
OR ALLEGED CLAIMS THAT THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF (INCLUDING THE SOFTWARE) INFRINGES, MISAPPROPRIATES, OR OTHERWISE VIOLATES
ANY THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT.

11. Limitations
of Liability.

11.1 EXCLUSION
OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL DATAVAULT OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO NYIAX OR ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT,
EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR ENHANCED DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE,
REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER EITHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11.2 CAP
ON MONETARY LIABILITY. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH DATAVAULTS INDEMNIFICATION
OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 10.1 OR DATAVAULTS BREACH OF ITS CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 7, DATAVAULTS
MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO NYIAX UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER ARISING FROM CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL FEES PAID BY NYIAX TO DATAVAULT UNDER THE APPLICABLE SOW IN THE TWELVE
(12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

12

12. Assignment;
Change of Control.

12.1 Assignment.
Neither Party shall assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any of its obligations or performance,
under this Agreement, in each case whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise, without the other Partys
prior written consent; provided that each Party may make such an assignment, delegation, or other transfer, in whole or in part, upon
prior written notice to the other Party, without the other Partys consent:

(a) to
an Affiliate, provided that: (i) the Affiliate assumes all of the assigning Partys obligations under this Agreement; and (ii) the
assigning Party shall remain liable and responsible for such Affiliates performance of all obligations and compliance with all
other terms and conditions of this Agreement; or

(b) in
connection with or as a result of a Change of Control of a Party (such Party, the Acquired Party); provided that
the third party that is the acquiring or surviving entity in a Change of Control involving any Party (i) assumes all of the applicable
obligations of the Acquired Party by operation of law or by express delegation, as applicable; and (ii) delivers to the other Party,
prior to or concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control, an express written acknowledgment of the limitations and restrictions
on the licenses granted to the Acquired Party hereunder as a result of such Change of Control.

13. General
Terms.

13.1 Further
Assurances. Each Party shall, and shall cause its respective Affiliates to, upon the reasonable request of the other Party, promptly
execute such documents and take such further actions as may be necessary to give full effect to the terms of this Agreement.

13.2 Costs
and Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing, each Party assumes full responsibility for all costs and expenses which
it incurs in connection with this Agreement, including in carrying out its obligations hereunder, without the right to reimbursement for
any portion thereof from the other Party.

13.3 Relationship
of the Parties. The relationship of the Parties under this Agreement shall be and at all times remain one of independent contractors.
Neither Party is an employee, agent, franchisee, joint venturer, partner, or legal representative of the other and neither Party shall
have the authority to assume or create obligations on the other Party except as specifically set forth in this Agreement. In its capacity
as an independent contractor: (a) Datavault has the right to perform services for others during the term of this Agreement, subject
to Datavaults compliance with its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement; (b) Datavault has the sole right to control
and direct the means, manner and method by which the Services will be performed; and (c) Datavault has the right to perform the Services
at any place or location and at such times as Datavault may determine.

13.4 No
Public Statements. Either Party desiring to issue a press release or make a public statement or disclosure regarding this Agreement
shall provide the other Party with a copy of the proposed press release, statement or disclosure for review and approval in advance, which
advance approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. No public statement or disclosure concerning the terms of
this Agreement shall be made, either directly or indirectly, by either Party hereto, without first obtaining the written approval of the
other Party, which advance approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Once any public statement or disclosure
has been approved in accordance with this Section 13.4, then either Party may appropriately communicate information contained in
such permitted statement or disclosure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 7 of this Agreement, a Party may disclose
the terms of this Agreement (a) where required, as reasonably determined by the Disclosing Party, by applicable law, regulation or
legal process or by applicable stock exchange rule, and (b) under obligations of confidentiality as required in Section 7 to
such Partys Representatives in connection with such Partys reasonable business activities.

13

13.5 Notices.
All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder must be in writing and sent to the respective
Party at the addresses indicated below (or at such other address for a Party as may be specified in a notice given in accordance with
this Section 13.5):

Notices
to Datavault:

Datavault AI Inc.

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, Oregon 97006

Attn: Nathaniel Bradley

Notices
to NYIAX:

NYIAX, Inc.

244 Fifth Avenue

New York, NY 10001

Attn: Teri Gallo and Bill Feldman

Notices sent in accordance with this Section 13.5
will be deemed effective: (a) when received, if delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received,
if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by email (with confirmation of transmission),
if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on
the third (3rd) day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.

13.6 Force
Majeure. Except for NYIAXs payment obligations and as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, if the performance of
any part of this Agreement by either Party, or of any obligation under this Agreement, is prevented, restricted, interfered with or delayed
by reason of any cause beyond the reasonable control of the Party liable to perform, unless conclusive evidence to the contrary is provided,
the Party so affected shall, on giving written notice to the other Party, be excused from such performance to the extent of such prevention,
restriction, interference or delay, provided that the affected Party shall use its best efforts to avoid or remove such causes of nonperformance
and shall continue performance with the utmost dispatch whenever such causes are removed. When such circumstances arise, the Parties shall
discuss what, if any, modification of the terms of this Agreement may be required in order to arrive at an equitable solution.

14

13.7 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with any other documents incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the sole and entire agreement
of the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements,
both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.

13.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns
and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or will confer upon any third party any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy
of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement.

13.9 Amendment;
Waiver. No amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless it is in writing and signed by both Parties. No waiver by either Party
of any of the provisions hereof will be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the waiving Party. Except as otherwise
set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this
Agreement will operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

13.10 Severability.
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability will not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision
in any other jurisdiction. Upon a determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the Parties shall
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually
acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent
possible.

13.11 Governing
Law. This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without giving effect
to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would require or permit the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or the licenses granted hereunder must be instituted
exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the city of New
York and County of New York, and each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action,
or proceeding.

13.12 Export
Regulation. The Software may be subject to U.S. export control laws, including the Export Control Reform Act and its associated regulations.
NYIAX shall not directly or indirectly export, re-export, or release the Software to, or make the Software accessible from, any country,
jurisdiction, or third party to which export, re-export, or release is prohibited by applicable law. NYIAX shall comply with all applicable
laws and complete all required undertakings (including obtaining any necessary export license or other governmental approval) prior to
exporting, re-exporting, releasing, or otherwise making the Software available outside the United States.

15

13.13 Interpretation;
Conflict. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question
of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden
of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

13.14 Equitable
Relief. Each Party acknowledges that a breach by the other Party of this Agreement may cause the non-breaching Party irreparable harm,
for which an award of damages would not be adequate compensation and, in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, the non-breaching
Party will be entitled to seek equitable relief, including in the form of a restraining order, orders for preliminary or permanent injunction,
specific performance, and any other relief that may be available from any court, and the Parties hereby waive any requirement for the
securing or posting of any bond or the showing of actual monetary damages in connection with such relief. These remedies are not exclusive
but are in addition to all other remedies available under this Agreement at law or in equity, subject to any express exclusions or limitations
in this Agreement to the contrary.

13.15 Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no rights or obligations in either Party and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

13.16 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, any of which may be executed and delivered in
electronic format or by electronic means, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

[signature page follows]

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the Effective Date.

DATAVAULT:

DATAVAULT AI INC.

By: /s/ Nathaniel Bradley

Name: Nathaniel Bradley

Title: Chief Executive Officer

NYIAX:

NYIAX, INC.

By: /s/ Teri Gallo

Name: Teri Gallo

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[[Signature Page to Software Development Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm259436d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

NEITHER
THIS CONVERTIBLE NOTE NOR THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE AS INTEREST OR UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. NO SALE OR DISPOSITION MAY BE EFFECTED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE HOLDER SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY PROVIDING THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER
THE ACT.

NYIAX, Inc.

CONVERTIBLE NOTE

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NYIAX, Inc., a Delaware
corporation with principal place of business at 900 Easton Avenue, STE 26-1088, Somerset, NJ 08873-1760, (hereinafter called Borrower
or the Company), hereby promises to pay to Datavault AI Inc (Holder), the sum of Two Million Five Hundred
Thousand U.S. Dollars (US$2,500,000), with interest accruing at the annual rate of four percent (4%) percent. Interest hereunder shall
be payable quarterly in kind, with payment in shares of the Company common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock)
valued at two ($2.00) dollars per share (PIK Shares). The Company and Holder collectively shall be designated for purposes
of this Note as the Parties.

The principal and accrued interest pursuant to
this Note shall automatically convert to shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Conversion Shares and the PIK Shares,
respectively) pursuant to the terms of the Automatic Conversion mechanism set forth in Section 1.3 below or on the Maturity Date
(as defined below). All the Conversion Shares and PIK Shares issuable hereunder will upon issuance be fully paid and non-assessable, and
free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof, but subject to the lock-up provisions of the Holder in the Share
Exchange Agreement between the Parties dated March 16, 2025. The Borrower shall at all times have authorized and reserved for issuance
a sufficient number of shares of its Common Stock to provide for the payment of interest and the conversion of this Note. The Company
shall, as soon as practicable after the applicable conversion date, issue and deliver to the Holder, or to its nominees, in a book-entry
form the number of shares of Common Stock, to which the Holder shall be entitled.

The following terms shall apply to this Note:

ARTICLE I

PAYMENT RELATED PROVISIONS

1.1 Interest
Payments. Borrower shall pay interest on the outstanding principal amount of this Note in PIK Shares each quarter commencing three
(3) months from the date of the Note until the Maturity Date.

1.2 Repayment.
This Note, including accrued interest, shall be repaid to the Holder on or before the Maturity Date as provided herein unless the Automatic
Conversion provisions contained herein are satisfied in section 1.3.

1 | Page

1.3 Automatic
Conversion. In the event the Borrower has completed a public offering of its Common Stock before the Maturity Date and become subject
to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the outstanding principal balance of the Note and any accrued interest shall be converted into
the Companys Common Stock at $2.00 per share..

1.4 Reserved.

1.5 Maturity
Date: Unless earlier converted as set forth above, the outstanding principal and all accrued interest under the Note will become due
and payable on the earliest to occur of: (i) March 16, 2026 or (ii) an Event of Default occurs (the Maturity Date).
On the Maturity Date, the Note and any accrued interest will automatically convert into the Borrowers Common Stock at $2.00 per
share.

ARTICLE II

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

The occurrence of any of the
following events of default (each, an Event of Default) shall, at the option of the Holder hereof, make all sums or principal
and interest then remaining unpaid hereon and all other amounts payable hereunder immediately due and payable, all without demand, presentment
or notice, or grace period, all of which hereby are expressly waived, except as set forth below:

2.1 Breach
of Covenant. The Borrower breaches any covenant or other term, or condition of this Note and such breach continues in excess of a
period of thirty (30) business days after written notice to the Borrower from a Holder.

2.2 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of Holders or apply for, or consent to, the appointment of a receiver
or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business; or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

2.3 Bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings or relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for
the relief of Borrowers shall be instituted by the Borrower.

2.4 Conversion.
The Company shall fail for any reason to deliver the shares of Common Stock to the Holder prior to the second (2nd) business day after
the automatic conversion of the Note pursuant to Section 1.3 or 1.5.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS BY HOLDER

Holder represents and warrants to Borrower as follows:

3.1 Holder
has received and examined all public information, of or concerning Borrower which Holder considers necessary to making an informed decision
regarding this Note. In addition, Holder has had the opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from, the officers and agents
of Borrower concerning Borrower and to obtain such information, to the extent such persons possessed the same or could acquire it without
unreasonable effort or expense, as Holder deemed necessary to verify the accuracy of the information referred to herein.

2 | Page

3.2 Holder
acknowledges and understands that (i) the proceeds of this Note will not be sufficient to provide Borrower with the necessary funds
to achieve its current business plan; (ii) the Borrower does not have sufficient cash available to repay this Note; (iii) this
Note will not be guaranteed, (iv) Holder bears the economic risk of never being repaid on this Note; and (v) the Borrower may
use the proceeds of this Note to satisfy past payables and working capital obligations. Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial
and business matters that the Holder can evaluate the merits and risks of the Holders investment in this Note.

3.3 Holder
is acquiring this Note its own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of all or any
part thereof.

3.5 Holder
acknowledges that this Note and the securities issued upon conversion thereof (a) have not been registered under applicable securities
laws, (b) will be a restricted security: as defined in applicable securities laws, (c) has been issued in reliance on
the statutory exemptions from registration contemplated by applicable securities laws based (in part) on the accuracy of Holders
representations contained herein, and (d) will not be transferable without registration under applicable securities laws, unless
an exemption from such registration requirements is available.

3.6 Holder
has had this Note and any other documents executed in connection herewith reviewed by their own counsel.

ARTICLE IV

MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 Failure
or Indulgency Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of Holder hereof in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2 Notices.
Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall be in writing and may be personally served and shall be deemed to be delivered
upon receipt or if sent by United States mail, three (3) business days after being deposited in the United States mail, certified,
with postage pre-paid and properly addressed, if sent by fax transmission (with the original sent by certified or registered mail or by
overnight courier) and shall be deemed to have been delivered on the day telecopied, or by electronic mail or services such as DocuSign
with acknowledged receipt by the Parties. For the purposes hereof, the addresses and fax numbers of Holder and the Borrower are as set
forth on the signature page hereof. Holder and Borrower may change the address, fax number, and email for service by service of written
notice, fax notice, or email notice to the other as herein provided as follows (or to such other address as any party may give in a notice
given in accordance with the provisions hereof):

3 | Page

Borrower:

NYIAX, Inc.,

900 Easton Avenue,

STE 26-1088, Somerset,

NJ 08873-1760,

Attn: CEO

Holder:

Datavault AI Inc

15268 N. W. Greenbrier Parkway

Beaverton, OR 97006

ATT CEO

4.3 Definition
of Note. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as
originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

4.4 Assignability.
This Note may not be assigned by the Borrower without the written consent of the Holder. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower
and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns.

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
attorneys fees.

4.6 Governing
Law; Dispute Resolution; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Note shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York,
without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The parties hereunder agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to an investment
pursuant to this Subscription Agreement or concerning this Subscription Agreement, including but not limited to disputes as to arbitrability
and all disputes with the Company, or any employee, agent, representative, officer, director or attorney of the Company, shall be resolved
through final, binding, non-appealable arbitration, before a single, neutral arbitrator, at JAMS, in New York County, New York in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the American Arbitration Association. Venue of all arbitration shall be JAMS Dispute Resolution
Center, New York County, New York. The Parties agree that each side will pay fifty percent (50%) of the cost of any arbitration proceedings.
Judgment on any arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Any arbitration award shall be in United States Dollars
and may be enforced in any jurisdiction in which the party against whom enforcement is sought maintains assets. The Parties agree to limit
their respective testimony at any arbitration hearing to three hours per side. SUBSCRIBER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO SEEK ANY TYPE OF
DAMAGES OTHER THAN COMPENSATORY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES. SUBSCRIBER HEREBY
FURTHER WAIVES THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, THE RIGHT TO BRING A CLASS ACTION SUIT, AND OTHER POTENTIAL REMEDIES THAT OTHERWISE
MAY BE AFFORDED BY LAW. THIS IS A CLASS ACTION WAIVER THAT APPLIES TO ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THIS INVESTMENT, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DISPUTES WITH THE COMPANY AND ALL OF ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR ATTORNEYS.

4 | Page

4.7 No
Amendment. This Note shall not be amended without the prior written consent of the Holder.

[signature page follows]

5 | Page

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower
has caused this Note to be signed in its name on the 16th day of March,2025.

NYIAX, Inc. 

: 

DATA VAULT AI INC

Name: /s/ William Feldman By: /s/ Brett Moyer

Name: Brett Moyer

Title: Chief Financial Officer Title: CFO

Address for Notice to Borrower: Address for Notice to Holder: 

Email: Email: 

Date: March 16, 2025 Date: March 16, 2025

6 | Page
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm259436d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

NYIAX Technology Platform Powered by Nasdaq
Collaborates with Datavault AIs Patented Information Data Exchange through Co-Marketing and Technology Alliance

Unlocking New Revenue Streams: Transforming Real-World
Assets and Data into Financial Opportunities

BEAVERTON,
OR, March 17, 2025 Datavault AI Inc. (Nasdaq: DVLT), a leader in AI-driven data experience, valuation, and monetization,
today announced a multi-year commercial and intellectual property (IP) alliance with NYIAX, a pioneer in transparent trading technology
built on the Nasdaq financial framework. This partnership will integrate Datavault AIs patented Information Data Exchange
(IDE) and award-winning Data Vault platform with NYIAXs cutting-edge blockchain exchange technology. The collaboration leverages
NYIAX's capabilities, enabling businesses to scale, list, price, and trade data and digital assets efficiently, creating new revenue opportunities.
With the increasing recognition of data as a strategic financial asset, this partnership provides businesses with the infrastructure to
monetize data in a secure and scalable environment, bridging the gap between data valuation and liquidity.

Market Impact and Growth Potential

The global data monetization market is expected to exceed $700 billion
by 20251, fueled by the rising demand for platforms that convert data into financial assets.

Companies possess data with untapped economic value that can
generate significant revenue, said Teri Gallo, CEO of NYIAX. This alliance establishes a structured market where data is
traded like traditional assets, offering businesses greater valuation transparency and liquidity.

Key Highlights of the Alliance:

Seamless, Transparent Trading Leveraging the joint NYIAX-Nasdaq patented technology and Datavault
AI's Information Data Exchange, this collaboration establishes the most robust cross-sector data-trading platform.

AI-Powered Data Monetization Datavault AIs high-performance computing and AI agents will
enhance NYIAXs capabilities in advertising, digital asset trading and data exchanges.

Scalable and Secure Transactions Datavault AI and NYIAX will develop cyber-secure, scalable,
and regulatory-compliant real-time transactions with built-in audit trails.

Next-Generation Web 3.0 Monetization The integration introduces tokenized data exchanges, allowing
AI-driven real-time pricing, valuation, and liquidity management.

Nathaniel Bradley, CEO of Datavault AI, emphasized the transformative
potential of this partnership:

1 Data Monetization Market to touch US$ 708.86 Bn by 2025
- TMR

This
is a breakthrough for businesses looking to unlock financial value from their data. By integrating the Information Data Exchange
with NYIAX's platform built on co-developed patents with Nasdaq, we are enabling a new era of AI-driven data monetization. Our customers
gain access to secure, real-time valuation and trading mechanisms, helping them capitalize on the expanding data economy. The
integration introduces multi-sector, tokenized data exchanges, enabling AI agents that provide for real-time pricing, scoring and
liquidity estimations while ensuring transactional integrity and compliance. Web 3.0 solutions, including Datavault AI agents DataValue,
DataScore, and Data Vault Bank enable automated smart contract administration, data completeness accuracy and Information Data
Exchange provides for bid/ask data exchange management.

Opportunity and Business Implications

Through this collaboration, Datavault AI and NYIAX create a direct
financial pathway for data monetization within NYIAX's industry-leading Smart Contract trading platform, providing businesses with a clear
mechanism to convert proprietary data into a liquid asset.

The partnership delivers a structured, scalable revenue model that
enables businesses to leverage AI and blockchain for:

Automated smart contract execution ensuring data integrity.

Transparent price discovery for data assets.

Enhanced market liquidity through tokenized trading solutions.

About Datavault AI Inc.

Datavault AI Inc. (Nasdaq: DVLT) is a leading data technology and licensing
company focused on AI-driven data valuation and monetization. Through its cloud-based Web 3.0 platform, Datavault AI offers solutions
in high-performance computing, experiential data perception, and secure monetization.

Learn more at: www.dvlt.ai

About NYIAX

Founded with a vision of delivering trust and transparency to the markets
of tomorrow, NYIAX brings a new wave of innovation to the advertising industry -- solving the industry's most pressing challenges.

Built on the Nasdaq Financial Framework and powered by blockchain, NYIAXs patented technology addresses market inefficiencies,
fraud, supply chain opacity, and outdated legacy processes. By unifying direct and programmatic workflows, NYIAX streamlines the entire
media process from discovery to billing, creating a marketplace designed for the future that buyers and sellers have long sought.

For more information, visit: www.nyiax.com

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release of Datavault AI contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements, include, among others, the Companys expectations with respect
to the strategic business and intellectual property agreements (the "Agreements"), including statements regarding the benefits
of the Agreements, the implied valuation of the Company, the products offered by the Company and the markets in which it operates, and
the Companys projected future results and market opportunities, as well as information with respect to Datavault AIs future
operating results and business strategy. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual
results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, including,
but not limited to: (i) risks and uncertainties impacting Datavault AIs business including, risks related to its current liquidity
position and the need to obtain additional financing to support ongoing operations, Datavault AIs ability to continue as a going
concern, Datavault AIs ability to maintain the listing of its common stock on Nasdaq, Datavault AIs ability to predict the
timing of design wins entering production and the potential future revenue associated with design wins, Datavault AIs ability to
predict its rate of growth, Datavault AIs ability to predict customer demand for existing and future products and to secure adequate
manufacturing capacity, consumer demand conditions affecting Datavault AIs customers end markets, Datavault AIs ability
to hire, retain and motivate employees, the effects of competition on Datavault AIs business, including price competition, technological,
regulatory and legal developments, developments in the economy and financial markets, and potential harm caused by software defects, computer
viruses and development delays, (ii) risks related to Datavault AIs ability to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits
from the Agreements, any risks that may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of Datavault AI after
the completion of the Agreements, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks, the potential for AI design and usage errors, risks
related to regulatory compliance and costs, potential harm caused by data privacy breaches, digital business interruption and geopolitical
risks, and (iii) other risks as set forth from time to time in Datavault AIs filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
The information in this press release is as of the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligation to update such information unless
required to do so by law. The reader is cautioned not to place under reliance on forward looking statements. The Company does not give
any assurance that the Company will achieve its expectations.

Investor and Media Contacts

Investors:

David Barnard, Alliance Advisors Investor Relations

(415) 433-3777

datavaultinvestors@allianceadvisors.com

Media
Inquiries:

Sonia Choi

(844) DATA-400

sonia@vault.email
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>wisa-20250316.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>wisa-20250316_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>wisa-20250316_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38608

Entity Registrant Name DATAVAULT AI INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001682149

Entity Tax Identification Number 30-1135279

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Entity Address, City or Town Beaverton

Entity Address, State or Province OR

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 97006

City Area Code 408

Local Phone Number 627-4716

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material true

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol DVLT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://summitwireless.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm259436d1_8k.htm 
wisa-20250316.xsd 
wisa-20250316_lab.xml 
wisa-20250316_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-024238-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm259436d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001682149 

2025-03-16 
2025-03-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001682149 
8-K 
2025-03-16 
DATAVAULT AI INC. 
DE 
001-38608 
30-1135279 
15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy 
Beaverton 
OR 
97006 
408 
627-4716 
false 
true 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
DVLT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>