<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-080185.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-080185.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414161351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-080185
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Seres Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001609809
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				274326290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37465
		FILM NUMBER:		25836169

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SIDNEY STREET
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617 945 9626

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SIDNEY STREET
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Seres Health, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140603
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d935169d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000160980900016098092025-04-102025-04-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 10, 2025

SERES THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-37465 27-4326290

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

101 Cambridgepark Drive

Cambridge, MA 02140

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (617)945-9626

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.001 per share MCRB 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

As reported below under Item 5.07 of this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report), on April 10, 2025, Seres Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) held its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting), at which the Companys stockholders approved the Seres Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Incentive Award Plan (the 2025 Plan) as an amendment and restatement of the Seres Therapeutics, Inc. 2015 Incentive Award Plan, which was scheduled to expire in 2025. The approval of the 2025 Plan by stockholders authorized the issuance of 44,604,870 shares of the Companys common stock for awards under the 2025 Plan, which includes 35,009,870 shares previously authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan, plus an increase of 9,595,000 shares, and extended the term of the 2025 Plan to March 3, 2035, the tenth anniversary of the approval of the 2025 Plan by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board). The 2025 Plan was approved by the Companys Board on March 3, 2025, subject to and effective upon stockholder approval of the 2025 Plan at the Annual Meeting. 

The terms and conditions of the 2025 Plan are described in the section entitled Proposal 4 - Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of the Seres Therapeutics, Inc. 2015 Incentive Award Plan, which is scheduled to expire in 2025 in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 13, 2025 (the Definitive Proxy Statement). The foregoing description of the 2025 Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the 2025 Plan, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.07. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

On April 10, 2025, at the Annual Meeting, a total of 115,390,905 shares of the Companys common stock were present electronically or represented by proxy at the meeting, representing approximately 66.28% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock as of the February 13, 2025 record date. The following are the voting results for the proposals considered and voted upon at the meeting, all of which were described in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 1 - Election of three Class I directors to serve until the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified. 

NOMINEE Votes FOR Votes WITHHELD Broker Non-Votes

Dennis A. Ausiello, M.D. 57,960,418 32,806,373 24,624,114

Willard H. Dere, M.D. 57,279,891 33,486,900 24,624,114

Eric D. Shaff 55,393,022 35,373,769 24,624,114

Item 2 - Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2025. 

Votes FOR Votes AGAINST Votes ABSTAINED Broker Non-Votes

99,949,589 5,599,971 9,841,345 0

Item 3 - Approval, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, of the compensation of the Companys named executive officers. 

Votes FOR Votes AGAINST Votes ABSTAINED Broker Non-Votes

57,856,004 32,505,142 405,645 24,624,114

Item 4 - Approval of the Seres Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Incentive Award Plan as an amendment and restatement of the Seres Therapeutics, Inc. 2015 Incentive Award Plan. 

Votes FOR Votes AGAINST Votes ABSTAINED Broker Non-Votes

67,277,427 23,192,243 297,121 24,624,114

Item 5 - Approval of amendments to the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (Certificate of Incorporation) to effect a reverse stock split. 

Votes FOR Votes AGAINST Votes ABSTAINED Broker Non-Votes

85,742,623 29,461,090 187,192 0

Item 6 - Approval of amendments to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to clarify voting requirements to amend the number of shares of authorized Common Stock and preferred stock. 

Votes FOR Votes AGAINST Votes ABSTAINED Broker Non-Votes

70,254,770 20,020,479 491,542 24,624,114

Item 7 - Approval of amendments to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate supermajority voting requirements. 

Votes FOR Votes AGAINST Votes ABSTAINED Broker Non-Votes

70,294,021 20,051,889 420,881 24,624,114

Item 8 - Approval of an adjournment of the Annual Meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies if there were not sufficient votes at the time of the Annual Meeting to approve Item 5, 6 or 7. 

Votes FOR Votes AGAINST Votes ABSTAINED Broker Non-Votes

85,038,069 29,311,765 1,041,071 0

Based on the foregoing votes, the director nominees listed in Item 1 were elected, Items 2-5 and 8 were approved. Items 6 and 7 were not approved. Items 6 and 7 required the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote, and at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote, respectively, to be approved. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On April 10, 2025, at the Annual Meeting, the stockholders of the Company approved amendments to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of all outstanding shares of the Companys common stock, at a ratio ranging from any whole number between 1-for-5 and 1-for-50, with the exact ratio as determined by the Board in its discretion, subject to the Boards authority to abandon such amendments. On April 10, 2025, the Board approved a reverse stock split of the Companys common stock at a final ratio of 1-for-20 (the Reverse Stock Split) and abandoned all other amendments. The Reverse Stock Split is expected to become effective at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on April 21, 2025, following the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, in substantially the form described and set forth in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement under Proposal 5 and Appendix B. The Companys common stock is expected to commence trading on a split-adjusted basis when the markets open on April 22, 2025, under the existing trading symbol MCRB. The new CUSIP number for the common stock following the Reverse Stock Split will be 81750R201. The par value and other terms of the common stock will not be affected by the reverse stock split. 

If, as a result of the Reverse Stock Split, a stockholder would otherwise become entitled to a fractional share because the number of shares of common stock they hold before the Reverse Stock Split is not evenly divisible by the split ratio, no fractional shares will be issued. Instead, each stockholder will be entitled to receive a cash payment in lieu of such fractional share. The cash payment to be paid will be equal to the fraction of a share to which such stockholder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the closing price per share as reported by The Nasdaq Global Select Market (as adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split) on April 21, 2025. 

After the Reverse Stock Split, then-current stockholders would have no further interest in the Company with respect to their fractional shares. A person entitled to only a fractional share would not have any voting, dividend or other rights in respect of their fractional share except to receive the cash payment as described above. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Current Report that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding the effective date of the Reverse Stock Split and the trading of the Companys common stock on a split-adjusted basis; and other statements that are not historical fact. These forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause the Companys actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the important factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2025, and the Companys other reports filed with the SEC could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this Current Report. Any such forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of the date of this Current Report. While we may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause the Companys views to change. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Companys views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Seres Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Incentive Award Plan.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

SERES THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Date: April 14, 2025 By: 

/s/ Thomas J. DesRosier

Name: Thomas J. DesRosier

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d935169dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

SERES THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

2025 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN

(ASAMENDEDANDRESTATEDEFFECTIVE APRIL 10,
2025) 

I. 

PURPOSE

The Plans purpose is to enhance the Companys ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make)
important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities. Capitalized terms used in the Plan are defined in Section XI. This Plan constitutes an amendment and restatement of the Seres
Therapeutics, Inc. 2015 Incentive Award Plan, as amended and restated from time to time. 

II. 

ELIGIBILITY

Service Providers are eligible to be granted Awards under the Plan, subject to the limitations described herein. 

III. 

ADMINISTRATIONAND DELEGATION

(a) Administration. The Plan is administered by the Administrator. The Administrator has authority to determine which Service
Providers receive Awards, grant Awards and set Award terms and conditions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the Plan. The Administrator also has the authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the Plan, to interpret
the Plan and Award Agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal Plan administrative rules, guidelines and practices as it deems advisable. The Administrator may correct defects and ambiguities, supply omissions and reconcile inconsistencies in the Plan
or any Award as it deems necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and any Awards. The Administrators determinations under the Plan are in its sole discretion and will be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest
in the Plan or any Award. 

(b) Appointment of Committees. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Board may delegate any
or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more Committees or officers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Board may abolish any Committee or re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority
at any time. 

IV. 

STOCK AVAILABLEFOR AWARDS

(a) Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Section VIII and the terms of this
Section IV, Awards may be made under the Plan covering up to the Overall Share Limit. Shares issued under the Plan may consist of authorized but unissued Shares, Shares purchased on the open market or treasury Shares. 

(b) Share Recycling. If all or any part of an Award or Prior Plan Award expires, lapses or is terminated, exchanged for cash,
surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been fully exercised or forfeited, in any case, in a manner that results in the Company acquiring Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award at a price not greater than the price (as adjusted to
reflect any Equity Restructuring) paid by the Participant for such Shares or not issuing any Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award, the unused Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award will, as applicable, become or again be
available for Award grants under the Plan. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding Awards or Prior Plan Awards shall not count against the Overall Share Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the following Shares shall not be added to the Overall Share Limit and shall not be available for future grants of Awards: (i) Shares delivered 

(either by actual delivery or attestation) to the Company by a Participant to satisfy the applicable exercise or purchase price of an Award or Prior Plan Award and/or to satisfy any applicable
tax withholding obligation (including Shares retained by the Company from the Award or Prior Plan Award being exercised or purchased and/or creating the tax obligation); (ii) Shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that are not issued in
connection with the stock settlement of the Stock Appreciation Right; and (iii) Shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of Options. 

(c) Incentive Stock Option Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no more than 44,610,270 Shares may be issued
pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. 

(d) Substitute Awards. In connection with an entitys merger or
consolidation with the Company or the Companys acquisition of an entitys property or stock, the Administrator may grant Awards in substitution for any options or other stock or stock-based awards granted before such merger or
consolidation by such entity or its affiliate. Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate, notwithstanding limitations on Awards in the Plan. Substitute Awards will not count against the Overall Share Limit
(nor shall Shares subject to a Substitute Award be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided in Section IV(b) above), except that Shares acquired by exercise of substitute Incentive Stock Options will count against the
maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines
has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to
the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan (and Shares subject to such Awards shall not be added to
the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided in Section IV(b) above); provided that Awards using such available shares shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not Employees or Directors immediately prior to such acquisition or combination. 

(e) Non-Employee Director Compensation. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in
the Plan, the Administrator may establish compensation for non-employee Directors from time to time, subject to the limitations in the Plan. The Administrator will from time to time determine the terms,
conditions and amounts of all such non-employee Director compensation in its discretion and pursuant to the exercise of its business judgment, taking into account such factors, circumstances and considerations
as it shall deem relevant from time to time, provided that the sum of any cash compensation, or other compensation, and the value (determined as of the grant date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of Awards granted to a non-employee Director as compensation for services as a non-employee Director during any fiscal
year of the Company may not exceed $750,000, increased to $1,000,000 in the first year an individual becomes a non-employee Director. The Administrator may make exceptions to this limit for individual non-employee Directors in extraordinary circumstances, as the Administrator may determine in its discretion, provided that the non-employee Director receiving such additional
compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation or in other contemporaneous compensation decisions involving non-employee Directors. 

2 

V. 

STOCK OPTIONSAND STOCK
APPRECIATION RIGHTS

(a) General. The Administrator may grant Options or
Stock Appreciation Rights to Service Providers subject to the limitations in the Plan, including Section IX(i) with respect to Incentive Stock Options. The Administrator will determine the number of Shares covered by each Option and Stock
Appreciation Right, the exercise price of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right. A Stock Appreciation Right will entitle the Participant (or
other person entitled to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right) to receive from the Company upon exercise of the exercisable portion of the Stock Appreciation Right an amount determined by multiplying the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of
one Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price per Share of the Stock Appreciation Right by the number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, subject to any limitations of the Plan or that the
Administrator may impose and payable in cash, Shares valued at Fair Market Value or a combination of the two as the Administrator may determine or provide in the Award Agreement. 

(b) Exercise Price. The Administrator will establish each Options and Stock Appreciation Rights exercise price and
specify the exercise price in the Award Agreement. The exercise price will not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the grant date of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

(c) Duration of Options. Each Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable at such times and as specified in the Award
Agreement, provided that the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right will not exceed ten years. 

(d) Exercise. Options
and Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised by delivering to the Company a written notice of exercise, in a form the Administrator approves (which may be electronic), signed by the person authorized to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation
Right, together with, as applicable, payment in full (i) as specified in Section V(e) for the number of Shares for which the Award is exercised and (ii) as specified in Section IX(e) for any applicable taxes. Unless the
Administrator otherwise determines, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 

(e) Payment
Upon Exercise. The exercise price of an Option must be paid in cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or by check payable to the order of the Company or, subject to Section X(h), any Company insider trading policy (including
blackout periods) and Applicable Laws, by: 

(i) if there is a public market for Shares at the time of exercise, unless the Administrator
otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to
pay the exercise price, or (B) the Participants delivery to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the
exercise price; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator; 

(ii) to the extent
permitted by the Administrator, delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Shares owned by the Participant valued at their Fair Market Value; 

(iii) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, surrendering Shares then issuable upon the Options exercise valued at their Fair
Market Value on the exercise date; 

(iv) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery of a promissory note or any other property
that the Administrator determines is good and valuable consideration; or 

3 

(v) any combination of the above permitted payment forms (including cash, wire transfer or
check). 

VI. 

RESTRICTED STOCK; RESTRICTED STOCK
UNITS

(a) General. The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock, or the right to
purchase Restricted Stock, to any Service Provider, subject to the Companys right to repurchase all or part of such shares at their issue price or other stated or formula price from the Participant (or to require forfeiture of such shares) if
conditions the Administrator specifies in the Award Agreement are not satisfied before the end of the applicable restriction period or periods that the Administrator establishes for such Award. In addition, the Administrator may grant to Service
Providers Restricted Stock Units, which may be subject to vesting and forfeiture conditions during the applicable restriction period or periods, as set forth in an Award Agreement. The Administrator will determine and set forth in the Award
Agreement the terms and conditions for each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Award, subject to the conditions and limitations contained in the Plan. 

(b) Restricted Stock.

(i) Dividends. Participants holding shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to all ordinary cash dividends paid with respect to
such shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise in the Award Agreement. In addition, unless the Administrator provides otherwise, if any dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, or consist of a dividend or distribution to holders of
Common Stock of property other than an ordinary cash dividend, the Shares or other property will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any award of Restricted Stock, dividends which are paid to holders of Common Stock prior to vesting shall not be paid to the Participant holding such Restricted Stock unless and until
the vesting conditions applicable to such award of Restricted Stock are satisfied. 

(ii) Stock Certificates. The Company may
require that the Participant deposit in escrow with the Company (or its designee) any stock certificates issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock, together with a stock power endorsed in blank. 

(c) Restricted Stock Units.

(i) Settlement. The Administrator may provide that settlement of Restricted Stock Units will occur upon or as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Restricted Stock Units vest or will instead be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participants election, in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A. 

(ii) Stockholder Rights. A Participant will have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to any Restricted Stock Unit
unless and until the Shares are delivered in settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit. 

(iii) Dividend Equivalents. If the
Administrator provides, a grant of Restricted Stock Units may provide a Participant with the right to receive Dividend Equivalents. Dividend Equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant, settled in cash or Shares
and subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Stock Units with respect to which the Dividend Equivalents are granted and subject to other terms and conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Award shall not be paid to the Participant holding such Award unless and until the vesting conditions applicable to the underlying Award are satisfied. 

4 

VII. 

OTHER STOCKOR CASH BASED
AWARDS

Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be granted to Participants, including Awards entitling
Participants to receive Shares to be delivered in the future and including annual or other periodic or long-term cash bonus awards (whether based on specified Performance Criteria or otherwise), in each case subject to any conditions and limitations
in the Plan. Such Other Stock or Cash Based Awards will also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other Awards, as standalone payments and as payment in lieu of compensation to which a Participant is otherwise entitled. Other Stock or
Cash Based Awards may be paid in Shares, cash or other property, as the Administrator determines. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of each Other Stock or Cash Based Award, including any
purchase price, performance goal (which may be based on the Performance Criteria), transfer restrictions, and vesting conditions, which will be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If the Administrator provides, a grant of an Other Stock or
Cash Based Award may provide a Participant with the right to receive Dividend Equivalents; provided that, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Other Stock or Cash Based Award shall not be paid to the Participant holding such Other Stock or Cash
Based Award unless and until the vesting conditions applicable to the underlying Other Stock or Cash Based Award are satisfied. 

VIII. 

ADJUSTMENTSFOR CHANGESIN COMMON
STOCKAND CERTAIN OTHER EVENTS

(a)
Equity Restructuring. In connection with any Equity Restructuring, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section VIII, the Administrator will equitably adjust each outstanding Award as it deems appropriate to reflect
the Equity Restructuring, which may include adjusting the number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and/or the Awards exercise price or grant price (if applicable), granting new Awards to Participants, and making a cash
payment to Participants. The adjustments provided under this Section VIII(a) will be nondiscretionary and final and binding on the affected Participant and the Company; provided that the Administrator will determine whether an adjustment is
equitable. 

(b) Corporate Transactions. In the event of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash,
Common Stock, other securities, or other property), reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, repurchase, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company, or sale or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, Change in Control, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, other similar corporate transaction
or event, other unusual or nonrecurring transaction or event affecting the Company or its financial statements or any change in any Applicable Laws or accounting principles, the Administrator, on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate,
either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event (except that action to give effect to a change in Applicable Law or accounting principles may be made within a reasonable period of time after
such change) and either automatically or upon the Participants request, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to (x) prevent
dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award granted or issued under the Plan, (y) to facilitate such transaction or event or
(z) give effect to such changes in Applicable Laws or accounting principles: 

5 

(i) To provide for the cancellation of any such Award in exchange for either an amount of
cash or other property with a value equal to the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participants rights under the vested portion of such Award, as
applicable; provided that, if the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participants rights, in any case, is equal to or less than zero, then the Award
may be terminated without payment; 

(ii) To provide that such Award shall vest and, to the extent applicable, be exercisable as to all
shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the provisions of such Award; 

(iii) To provide that such
Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate
adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and/or applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined by the Administrator; 

(iv) To make adjustments in the number and type of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards
and/or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Section IV hereof on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued) and/or in the terms and
conditions of (including the grant or exercise price), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards; 

(v) To replace such Award with
other rights or property selected by the Administrator; and/or 

(vi) To provide that the Award will terminate and cannot vest, be
exercised or become payable after the applicable event. 

(c) Administrative Stand Still. In the event of any pending stock
dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other extraordinary transaction or change affecting the Shares or the
share price of Common Stock, including any Equity Restructuring or any securities offering or other similar transaction, for administrative convenience, the Administrator may refuse to permit the exercise of any Award for up to sixty days before or
after such transaction. 

(d) General. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the Administrators action under the
Plan, no Participant will have any rights due to any subdivision or consolidation of Shares of any class, dividend payment, increase or decrease in the number of Shares of any class or dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the
Company or other corporation. Except as expressly provided with respect to an Equity Restructuring under Section VIII(a) above or the Administrators action under the Plan, no issuance by the Company of Shares of any class, or securities
convertible into Shares of any class, will affect, and no adjustment will be made regarding, the number of Shares subject to an Award or the Awards grant or exercise price. The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreements and the Awards granted
hereunder will not affect or restrict in any way the Companys right or power to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Companys capital structure or its business, (ii) any
merger, consolidation dissolution or liquidation of the Company or sale of Company assets or (iii) any sale or issuance of securities, including securities with rights superior to those of the Shares or securities convertible into or
exchangeable for Shares. The Administrator may treat Participants and Awards (or portions thereof) differently under this Section VIII. 

6 

(e) Change in Control. Notwithstanding Section VIII(b) above, if a Change in
Control occurs and Awards are not continued, converted, assumed, or replaced with a comparable award (as determined by the Administrator) by (i) the Company or (ii) a successor entity or its parent or subsidiary (an
Assumption), and provided that the Participant has not had a Termination of Service, then immediately prior to the Change in Control, such Awards (other than any Award that is regularly scheduled to vest based on the
attainment of Performance Criteria or other performance-based vesting conditions) will become fully vested, exercisable and/or payable, as applicable, and all forfeiture, repurchase and other restrictions on such Awards will lapse, in which case,
such Awards will be canceled upon the consummation of the Change in Control in exchange for the right to receive the Change in Control consideration payable to other holders of Shares, which may be on such terms and conditions as apply generally to
holders of Shares under the Change in Control documents (including, without limitation, any escrow, earn-out or other deferred consideration provisions) or such other terms and conditions as the Administrator
may provide, and determined by reference to the number of Shares subject to such Awards and net of any applicable exercise price; provided that to the extent that any Awards constitute nonqualified deferred compensation that may not be
paid upon the Change in Control under Section 409A without the imposition of taxes thereon under Section 409A, the timing of such payments shall be governed by the applicable Award Agreement (subject to any deferred consideration
provisions applicable under the Change in Control documents); and provided, further, that if the amount to which a Participant would be entitled upon the settlement or exercise of such Award at the time of the Change in Control is equal to or less
than zero, then such Award may be terminated without payment. An Award will be considered replaced with a comparable award if the Award is exchanged for an amount of cash or other property with a value equal to the amount that could have been
obtained upon the settlement of such Award in such Change in Control (as determined by the Administrator), even if such cash or other property payable with respect to the unvested portion of such Award remains subject to similar vesting provisions
following such Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator will have full and final authority to determine whether an Assumption of an Award has occurred in connection with a Change in Control. 

IX. 

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLETO
AWARDS

(a) Transferability. Except as the Administrator may determine or provide in an
Award Agreement or otherwise for Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, Awards may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and
distribution, or, subject to the Administrators consent, pursuant to a domestic relations order, and, during the life of the Participant, will be exercisable only by the Participant. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the
context, will include references to a Participants authorized transferee that the Administrator specifically approves. 

(b)
Documentation. Each Award will be evidenced in an Award Agreement, which may be written or electronic, as the Administrator determines. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan. 

(c) Discretion. Except as the Plan otherwise provides, each Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other
Award. The terms of each Award to a Participant need not be identical, and the Administrator need not treat Participants or Awards (or portions thereof) uniformly. 

(d) Termination of Status. The Administrator will determine how the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence
or any other change or purported change in a Participants Service Provider status affects an Award and the extent to which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participants legal representative, conservator, guardian or
Designated Beneficiary may exercise rights under the Award, if applicable. 

7 

(e) Withholding. Each Participant must pay the Company, or make provision
satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of, any taxes required by law to be withheld in connection with such Participants Awards by the date of the event creating the tax liability. The Company may deduct an amount sufficient to satisfy
such tax obligations based on the minimum statutory withholding rates from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant. Participants may satisfy such tax obligations in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, by check made
payable to the order of the Company, or subject to Section X(h) and any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods), (i) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, in whole or in part by delivery of Shares, including Shares
retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value, (ii) if there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligations are satisfied, unless the Administrator otherwise determines, (A) delivery
(including telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to satisfy the tax obligations, or
(B) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding; provided
that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator, or (iii) any combination of the foregoing permitted payment forms (including cash, wire transfer or check). If any tax withholding obligation will be
satisfied under clause (i) of the immediately preceding sentence by the Companys retention of Shares from the Award creating the tax obligation and there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligation is satisfied, the
Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on the applicable Participants behalf some or all of the Shares retained and to remit the proceeds of the sale to the Company or its
designee, and each Participants acceptance of an Award under the Plan will constitute the Participants authorization to the Company and instruction and authorization to such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this
sentence. 

(f) Amendment of Award; No Repricing. The Administrator may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award,
including by substituting another Award of the same or a different type, changing the exercise or settlement date, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Non-Qualified Stock Option. The
Participants consent to such action will be required unless (i) the action, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participants rights under the Award, or (ii) the change is
permitted under Section VIII or pursuant to Section X(f). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator may not, except pursuant to Section VIII, without the approval of the stockholders of the
Company, reduce the exercise price per share of outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or cancel outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise
price per share that is less than the exercise price per share of the original Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(g) Conditions on
Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Shares under the Plan or remove restrictions from Shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all Award conditions have been met or removed to the
Companys satisfaction, (ii) as determined by the Company, all other legal matters regarding the issuance and delivery of such Shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and stock exchange or stock market rules
and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any Applicable Laws. The Companys inability to obtain
authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which the Administrator determines is necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any securities, will relieve the Company of any liability for failing to issue or sell such Shares as to which
such requisite authority has not been obtained. 

8 

(h) Acceleration. The Administrator may at any time provide that any Award
will become immediately vested and fully or partially exercisable, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise fully or partially realizable. 

(i) Additional Terms of Incentive Stock Options. The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock Options only to employees of the
Company, any of its present or future parent or subsidiary corporations, as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Code, respectively, and any other entities the employees of which are eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options under the
Code. If an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Greater Than 10% Stockholder, the exercise price will not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value on the Options grant date, and the term of the Option will not exceed five years. All
Incentive Stock Options will be subject to and construed consistently with Section 422 of the Code. By accepting an Incentive Stock Option, the Participant agrees to give prompt notice to the Company of dispositions or other transfers (other
than in connection with a Change in Control) of Shares acquired under the Option made within (i) two years from the grant date of the Option or (ii) one year after the transfer of such Shares to the Participant, specifying the date of the
disposition or other transfer and the amount the Participant realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, in such disposition or other transfer. Neither the Company nor the Administrator will be liable to a
Participant, or any other party, if an Incentive Stock Option fails or ceases to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code . Any Incentive Stock Option or portion thereof that fails to qualify as an
incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code for any reason, including becoming exercisable with respect to Shares having a fair market value exceeding the $100,000 limitation under Treasury Regulation Section 1.422-4, will be a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

X. 

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) No Right to Employment or Other Status. No person will have any claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an
Award will not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a
Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan or any Award, except as expressly provided in an Award Agreement. 

(b) No
Rights as Stockholder; Certificates. Subject to the Award Agreement, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary will have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under an Award until becoming the record
holder of such Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Administrator otherwise determines or Applicable Laws require, the Company will not be required to deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in
connection with any Award and instead such Shares may be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). The Company may place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan that the
Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws. 

(c) Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan,
as amended and restated, shall become effective as of the Amendment Date. The Plan will remain in effect until March 3, 2035, the tenth anniversary of the day prior to the date the Plan, as amended and restated, was approved by the Board. No
Awards may be granted under the Plan during any suspension period or after Plan termination. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, an Incentive Stock Option may not be granted under the Plan after ten years from the earlier of
(i) the date the Board adopted the Plan or (ii) the date the Companys stockholders approved the Plan, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date in accordance with the Plan. 

9 

(d) Amendment of Plan. The Administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the
Plan at any time; provided that no amendment, other than an increase to the Overall Share Limit, may materially and adversely affect any Award outstanding at the time of such amendment without the affected Participants consent. Awards
outstanding at the time of any Plan suspension or termination will continue to be governed by the Plan and the Award Agreement, as in effect before such suspension or termination. The Board will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to
the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws. 

(e) Provisions for Foreign Participants. The Administrator may modify
Awards granted to Participants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States or establish subplans or procedures under the Plan to address differences in laws, rules, regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with
respect to tax, securities, currency, employee benefit or other matters. 

(f) Section 409A.

(i) General. The Company intends that all Awards be structured to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A, such that no
adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties under Section 409A apply. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, the Administrator may, without a Participants consent, amend this Plan or Awards,
adopt policies and procedures, or take any other actions (including amendments, policies, procedures and retroactive actions) as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of Awards, including any such actions intended to
(A) exempt this Plan or any Award from Section 409A, or (B) comply with Section 409A, including regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority that may be issued after an Awards grant date.
The Company makes no representations or warranties as to an Awards tax treatment under Section 409A or otherwise. The Company will have no obligation under this Section X(f) or otherwise to avoid the taxes, penalties or interest
under Section 409A with respect to any Award and will have no liability to any Participant or any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute noncompliant nonqualified deferred
compensation subject to taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. 

(ii) Separation from Service. If an Award
constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, any payment or settlement of such Award upon a termination of a Participants Service Provider relationship will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under
Section 409A, be made only upon the Participants separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), whether such separation from service occurs upon or after the termination of the
Participants Service Provider relationship. For purposes of this Plan or any Award Agreement relating to any such payments or benefits, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms means a
separation from service. 

(iii) Payments to Specified Employees. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or
any Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation required to be made under an Award to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A and as the Administrator determines) due to his or her
separation from service will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, be delayed for the six-month period immediately following such separation
from service (or, if earlier, until the specified employees death) and will instead be paid (as set forth in the Award Agreement) on the day immediately following such six-month period or as soon
as administratively practicable thereafter (without interest). Any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation under such Award payable more than six months following the Participants separation from service will be
paid at the time or times the payments are otherwise scheduled to be made. 

10 

(g) Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan
and to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the Companys certificate of incorporation and bylaws, (a) no individual acting as a director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company
or any Subsidiary will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary, or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan or any Award, and such individual will not be
personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument executed in his or her capacity as an Administrator, director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary, and (b) the Company will
indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer, other employee and agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that has been or will be granted or delegated any duty or power relating to the Plans administration or interpretation, against any
cost or expense (including attorneys fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Administrators approval) arising from any act or omission concerning this Plan unless arising from such persons own
fraud or bad faith. 

(h) Lock-Up Period. The Company may, at the request of any
underwriter representative or otherwise, in connection with registering the offering of any Company securities under the Securities Act, prohibit Participants from, directly or indirectly, selling or otherwise transferring any Shares or other
Company securities during a period of up to one hundred eighty days following the effective date of a Company registration statement filed under the Securities Act, or such longer period as determined by the underwriter. 

(i) Data Privacy. As a condition for receiving any Award, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use
and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this paragraph by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates exclusively for implementing, administering and managing the Participants participation in
the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including the Participants name, address and telephone number; birthdate; social security, insurance number or other
identification number; salary; nationality; job title(s); any Shares held in the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliates; and Award details, to implement, manage and administer the Plan and Awards (the Data). The Company
and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary to implement, administer and manage a Participants participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data
to third parties assisting the Company with Plan implementation, administration and management. These recipients may be located in the Participants country, or elsewhere, and the Participants country may have different data privacy laws
and protections than the recipients country. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, to implement, administer and manage the
Participants participation in the Plan, including any required Data transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long
as necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participants participation in the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data that the Company holds regarding such Participant, request additional information about the storage and
processing of the Data regarding such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections to the Data regarding the Participant or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section X(i) in writing, without cost, by contacting the local human
resources representative. The Company may cancel Participants ability to participate in the Plan and, in the Administrators discretion, the Participant may forfeit any outstanding Awards if the Participant refuses or withdraws the
consents in this Section X(i). For more information on the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, Participants may contact their local human resources representative. 

(j) Severability. If any portion of the Plan or any action taken under it is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the
illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void. 

11 

(k) Governing Documents.If any contradiction occurs between the Plan
and any Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company (or any Subsidiary) that the Administrator has approved, the Plan will govern, unless it is expressly specified in such Award Agreement or other written
document that a specific provision of the Plan will not apply. 

(l) Governing Law. The Plan and all Awards will be governed by and
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding any states choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a
jurisdictions laws other than the State of Delaware. 

(m) Claw-back Provisions. All Awards (including any proceeds, gains or
other economic benefit the Participant actually or constructively receives upon receipt or exercise of any Award or the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) will be subject to the Companys Policy for Recovery of Erroneously
Awarded Compensation, adopted effective as of October 2, 2023, as may be amended from time to time, and any other clawback, recoupment, forfeiture or similar policies or provisions of the Company or its affiliates. 

(n) Titles and Headings. The titles and headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and, if any conflict, the
Plans text, rather than such titles or headings, will control. 

(o) Conformity to Securities Laws. Participant acknowledges
that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan and all Awards will be administered only in conformance with Applicable Laws. To the extent Applicable Laws
permit, the Plan and all Award Agreements will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws. 

(p) Relationship to Other
Benefits. No payment under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except as
expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. 

(q) Broker-Assisted Sales. In the event of a
broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the payment of amounts owed by a Participant under or with respect to the Plan or Awards, including amounts to be paid under the final sentence of Section IX(e): (a) any Shares to be sold
through the broker-assisted sale will be sold on the day the payment first becomes due, or as soon thereafter as practicable; (b) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan in which all participants
receive an average price; (c) the applicable Participant will be responsible for all brokers fees and other costs of sale, and by accepting an Award, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses,
costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale; (d) to the extent the Company or its designee receives proceeds of such sale that exceed the amount owed, the Company will pay such excess in cash to the applicable Participant as soon as
reasonably practicable; (e) the Company and its designees are under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price; and (f) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the Participants
applicable obligation, the Participant may be required to pay immediately upon demand to the Company or its designee an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Participants obligation. 

12 

XI. 

DEFINITIONS

As used in the Plan, the following words and phrases will have the following meanings: 

(a) Administrator means the Board or a Committee to the extent that the Boards powers or authority under the
Plan have been delegated to such Committee. 

(b) Amendment Date means the date on which this Plan, as amended
and restated, is approved by the Companys stockholders. 

(c) Applicable Laws means the requirements
relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under U.S. federal and state securities, tax and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the applicable rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is
listed or quoted and the applicable laws and rules of any foreign country or other jurisdiction where Awards are granted. 

(d)
Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. 

(e) Award Agreement means a written agreement evidencing an Award, which may be electronic, that contains such terms
and conditions as the Administrator determines, consistent with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(f)
Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(g) Change in Control means and
includes each of the following: 

(i) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public
through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a transaction or series of transactions that meets the requirements of clauses (A) and (B) of subsection (iii) below) whereby any person or
related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or a person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50% of the total combined voting power of the Companys securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition; or 

(ii) During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new
Director(s) (other than a Director designated by a person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in subsections (i) or (iii)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the
Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the
two-year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or 

(iii) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more
intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions
or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: 

13 

(A) which results in the Companys voting securities outstanding
immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company
or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Companys assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity)) directly or indirectly, at
least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entitys outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 

(B) after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of
the Successor Entity; provided,however, that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (B) as beneficially owning 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of
the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a
payment event with respect to any Award (or portion of any Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the
transaction or event described in subsection (i), (ii) or (iii) with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes
a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5).

The
Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control
and any incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation. 

(h)
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations issued thereunder. 

(i)
Committee means one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board, which may include one or more Company directors or executive officers, to the extent Applicable Laws permit. To the extent required to comply with the
provisions of Rule 16b-3, it is intended that each member of the Committee will be, at the time the Committee takes any action with respect to an Award that is subject to Rule
16b-3, a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3; however, a Committee members failure to
qualify as a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 will not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted
under the Plan. 

(j) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company.

(k) Company means Seres Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor. 

(l) Consultantmeans any person, including any adviser, engaged by the Company or its parent or Subsidiary to
render services to such entity if the consultant or adviser: (i) renders bona fide services to the Company; (ii) renders services not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and does not
directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Companys securities; and (iii) is a natural person. 

(m)
Designated Beneficiarymeans the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner the Administrator determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participants rights if the Participant
dies or becomes incapacitated. Without a Participants effective designation, Designated Beneficiary will mean the Participants estate. 

14 

(n) Director means a Board member. 

(o) Disability means a permanent and total disability under Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, as amended. 

(p) Dividend Equivalents means a right granted to a Participant under the Plan to receive the equivalent value (in
cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares. No Dividend Equivalents shall be payable on Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(q)
Employee means any employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

(r) Equity
Restructuring means a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash
dividend, that affects the number or kind of Shares (or other Company securities) or the share price of Common Stock (or other Company securities) and causes a change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding Awards. 

(s) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(t) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: (i) if the Common
Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such Common Stock as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date during
which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; (ii) if the Common Stock is not traded on a stock exchange but is quoted on a national market or other quotation system,
the closing sales price on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; or
(iii) without an established market for the Common Stock, the Administrator will determine the Fair Market Value in its discretion. 

(u) Greater Than 10% Stockholder means an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the
Code) more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or its parent or subsidiary corporation, as defined in Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively. 

(v) Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined
in Section 422 of the Code. 

(w) Non-Qualified Stock Optionmeans an Option not intended or not qualifying as an Incentive Stock Option. 

(x) Option means an option to
purchase Shares. 

(y) Other Stock or Cash Based Awards means cash awards, awards of Shares, and other awards
valued wholly or partially by referring to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property. 

15 

(z) Overall Share Limit means the sum of (i) 44,604,870 Shares;
and (ii) any shares of Common Stock which are subject to Prior Plan Awards which become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Section IV(b). 

(aa) Participant means a Service Provider who has been granted an Award. 

(bb) Performance Criteria mean the criteria (and adjustments) that the Administrator may select for an Award to
establish performance goals for a performance period, which may include the following: net earnings or losses (either before or after one or more of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and non-cash
equity-based compensation expense); gross or net sales or revenue or sales or revenue growth; net income (either before or after taxes) or adjusted net income; profits (including but not limited to gross profits, net profits, profit growth, net
operation profit or economic profit), profit return ratios or operating margin; budget or operating earnings (either before or after taxes or before or after allocation of corporate overhead and bonus); cash flow (including operating cash flow and
free cash flow or cash flow return on capital); return on assets; return on capital or invested capital; cost of capital; return on stockholders equity; total stockholder return; return on sales; costs, reductions in costs and cost control
measures; expenses; working capital; earnings or loss per share; adjusted earnings or loss per share; price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in or maintenance of such price or dividends); regulatory achievements or compliance;
implementation, completion or attainment of objectives relating to research, development, regulatory, commercial, or strategic milestones or developments; market share; economic value or economic value added models; division, group or corporate
financial goals; customer satisfaction/growth; customer service; employee satisfaction; recruitment and maintenance of personnel; human resources management; supervision of litigation and other legal matters; strategic partnerships and transactions;
financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage); debt levels or reductions; sales-related goals; financing and other capital raising transactions; cash on hand; acquisition activity; investment sourcing
activity; and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease, peer group results, or market performance indicators or indices. 

(cc) Plan means this 2025 Incentive Award Plan, as amended or restated from time to time. 

(dd) Prior Plans means, collectively, the Seres Health, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan and any prior equity
incentive plans of the Company or its predecessor. 

(ee) Prior Plan Award means an award outstanding under the
Prior Plans as of the Plans effective date in Section X(c). 

(ff) Restricted Stock means Shares awarded to
a Participant under Section VI subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 

(gg) Restricted Stock
Unit means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator to be of equal value as of such settlement date, subject to
certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 

(hh) Rule 16b-3
means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

(ii)
Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and all regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority thereunder. 

(jj) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

16 

(kk) Service Provider means an Employee, Consultant or Director.

(ll) Sharesmeans shares of Common Stock. 

(mm) Stock Appreciation Right means a stock appreciation right granted under Section V. 

(nn) Subsidiary means any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken chain of
entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially owns, at the time of the determination, securities or interests representing at least 50% of the total combined voting power of
all classes of securities or interests in one of the other entities in such chain. 

(oo) Substitute Awards shall
mean Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, in each case by a company acquired by the Company or any
Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines. 

(pp) Termination of Service means the date the
Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. 

* * * * * 

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mcrb-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mcrb-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mcrb-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001609809

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name SERES THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-37465

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-4326290

Entity Address, Address Line One 101 Cambridgepark Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Cambridge

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02140

City Area Code (617)

Local Phone Number 945-9626

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol MCRB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://serestherapeutics.com//20250410/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d935169d8k.htm 
mcrb-20250410.xsd 
mcrb-20250410_lab.xml 
mcrb-20250410_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-080185-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d935169d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001609809 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

false 
0001609809 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
SERES THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-37465 
27-4326290 
101 Cambridgepark Drive 
Cambridge 
MA 
02140 
(617) 
945-9626 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
MCRB 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>