<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-025117.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-025117.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318170618
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-025117
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enstar Group LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001363829
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				999999999
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33289
		FILM NUMBER:		25749394

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX HM 2267, A.S. COOPER BUILDING
		STREET 2:		26 REID STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 11
		BUSINESS PHONE:		441-292-3645

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX HM 2267, A.S. COOPER BUILDING
		STREET 2:		26 REID STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 11

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Castlewood Holdings LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060523
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm259624d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000136382900-000000000013638292025-03-182025-03-180001363829us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-182025-03-180001363829us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember2025-03-182025-03-180001363829us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember2025-03-182025-03-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 18, 2025

Enstar Group Limited

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Bermuda 001-33289 N/A

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

A.S. Cooper Building, 4th Floor, 26 Reid StreetHamilton, Bermuda HM 11

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code: (441) 292-3645

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Ordinary shares, par value $1.00 per share ESGR The NASDAQ Stock MarketLLC

Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a 7.00% Fixed-to-Floating RatePerpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Share, Series D, Par Value $1.00 Per Share ESGRP The NASDAQ Stock MarketLLC

Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interestin a 7.00% Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Share, Series E, Par Value $1.00 Per Share ESGRO The NASDAQ Stock MarketLLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement

On March 18, 2025, Enstar Group Limited (the Company)
issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount (the Offering) of its 7.500% Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Notes
due 2045 (the Junior Subordinated Notes). The Junior Subordinated Notes were sold in the United States only to accredited
investors pursuant to an exemption from the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and subsequently resold
to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to non-U.S.
persons outside the United States in offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.

In connection with the Offering, on March 18, 2025, the Company
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the Trustee), entered into a junior subordinated indenture (the Base
Indenture) and a first supplemental indenture (the First Supplemental Indenture) to the Base Indenture. The Base
Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture set forth the terms and conditions of the Junior Subordinated Notes, including customary
events of default and the rights and obligations of the parties thereto and the holders of the Junior Subordinated Notes.

The Junior Subordinated Notes will bear interest
(a) from the date of original issue to, but excluding, April 1, 2035, at the fixed rate of 7.500% per annum and (b) from,
and including, April 1, 2035, during each five-year period thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to the Five-Year Treasury Rate as
of two business days prior to the beginning of such five-year period plus 3.186%, as reset at the beginning of each such five-year period.
Interest will be paid in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025. If, as of any interest
payment date, a Mandatory Deferral Event (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing, the Company will be required to defer payment
of all (and not less than all) of the interest accrued on the Junior Subordinated Notes as of such interest payment date. A Mandatory
Deferral Event will be deemed to have occurred if the Company or all of its subsidiaries that are regulated insurance or reinsurance
companies (or part of such regulatory group) are in breach of the enhanced capital requirements under applicable insurance supervisory
laws (the Enhanced Capital Requirements), or would breach such Enhanced Capital Requirements if payment of accrued and unpaid
interest on the Junior Subordinated Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on any junior subordinated notes outstanding
that rank equally in right of payment with the Junior Subordinated Notes, were made.

The Junior Subordinated Notes are scheduled to
mature on April 1, 2045, if, on such date, certain redemption requirements are satisfied, or otherwise, following such scheduled
maturity date, on the earlier of (a) the date falling ten business days after the redemption requirements are satisfied and would
continue to be satisfied if such payment were made and (b) the date on which a winding-up of the Company occurs. The Junior Subordinated
Notes may not be redeemed or repaid prior to April 1, 2030 without the approval of the Bermuda Monetary Authority or at any time
if the Enhanced Capital Requirements would be breached immediately before or after giving effect to such redemption or repayment of the
Junior Subordinated Notes, in each case unless the Company or one of its subsidiaries replaces the capital represented by the Junior Subordinated
Notes to be redeemed or repaid with capital having equal or better capital treatment as the Junior Subordinated Notes under applicable
insurance supervisory laws.

The Base Indenture and the First Supplemental
Indenture provide for the following events of default (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods): nonpayment of principal
or any premium when due (other than if the Company is required to postpone payment to satisfy certain redemption requirements); nonpayment
of interest (except if due to a Mandatory Deferral Event); or certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company.
Generally, if an event of default occurs, the Trustee or the holders representing at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the
then outstanding Junior Subordinated Notes may declare the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the Junior Subordinated
Notes to be due and payable immediately.

1

The foregoing descriptions of the Base Indenture and the First Supplemental
Indenture are qualified by reference to the agreements themselves, which are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 hereto, respectively, and are
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of the Registrant.

The information set forth above under Item 1.01
is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

4.1 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2025, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2025, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

104 Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED

March 18, 2025 By: /s/ Matthew Kirk

Matthew Kirk

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm259624d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Execution Version

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED

AND

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as TRUSTEE

JUNIOR SUBORDINATED INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1. Certain Terms Defined 1

ARTICLE 2

SECURITIES

SECTION 2.1. Forms Generally 9

SECTION 2.2. Form of Trustees
Certificate of Authentication 9

SECTION 2.3. Amount Unlimited; Issuable
in Series 10

SECTION 2.4. Authentication and Delivery
of Securities 13

SECTION 2.5. Execution of Securities 14

SECTION 2.6. Certificate of Authentication 15

SECTION 2.7. Denomination and Date of Securities;
Payments of Interest 15

SECTION 2.8. Registration, Transfer and
Exchange 16

SECTION 2.9. Mutilated, Defaced, Destroyed,
Lost and Stolen Securities 18

SECTION 2.10. Cancellation of Securities;
Disposition Thereof 19

SECTION 2.11. Temporary Securities 20

SECTION 2.12. Global Securities 20

SECTION 2.13. CUSIP Numbers 21

ARTICLE 3

COVENANTS OF THE ISSUER

SECTION 3.1. Payment of Principal, Interest
and Additional Amounts 21

SECTION 3.2. Offices for Payments, Etc. 21

SECTION 3.3. Money for Security Payments
to be Held in Trust; Unclaimed Money 22

SECTION 3.4. Statements of Officers of Issuer
as to Default; Notice of Default 23

SECTION 3.5. Existence 23

SECTION 3.6. RESERVED 23

SECTION 3.7. RESERVED 24

SECTION 3.8. Further Instruments and Acts 24

SECTION 3.9. RESERVED 24

SECTION 3.10. Calculation of Original Issue
Discount 24

SECTION 3.11. Payment of Additional Amounts 24

SECTION 3.12. Redemption for Tax Purposes 26

i

ARTICLE 4

SECURITYHOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS BY THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE

SECTION 4.1. Issuer to Furnish Trustee Information
as to Names and Addresses of Securityholders 27

SECTION 4.2. Preservation of Information;
Communications to Holders 27

SECTION 4.3. Reports by the Trustee 27

ARTICLE 5

REMEDIES OF THE TRUSTEE AND SECURITYHOLDERS ON EVENT OF DEFAULT

SECTION 5.1. Event of Default Defined; Acceleration
of Maturity; Waiver of Default 28

SECTION 5.2. Collection of Indebtedness
by Trustee; Trustee May Prove Debt 30

SECTION 5.3. Application of Proceeds 32

SECTION 5.4. Suits for Enforcement 33

SECTION 5.5. Restoration of Rights on Abandonment
of Proceedings 34

SECTION 5.6. Limitations on Suits by Securityholders 34

SECTION 5.7. Unconditional Right of Securityholders
to Institute Certain Suits 34

SECTION 5.8. Powers and Remedies Cumulative;
Delay or Omission Not Waiver of Default 34

SECTION 5.9. Control by Holders of Securities 35

SECTION 5.10. Waiver of Past Defaults 35

SECTION 5.11. Trustee to Give Notice of Default,
but May Withhold in Certain Circumstances 36

SECTION 5.12. Right of Court to Require Filing
of Undertaking to Pay Costs 36

ARTICLE 6

CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE

SECTION 6.1. Duties and Responsibilities
of the Trustee; During Default; Prior to Default 36

SECTION 6.2. Certain Rights of the Trustee 38

SECTION 6.3. Trustee Not Responsible for
Recitals, Disposition of Securities or Application of Proceeds Thereof 40

SECTION 6.4. Trustee and Agents May Hold
Securities; Collections, Etc. 40

SECTION 6.5. Monies Held by Trustee 40

SECTION 6.6. Compensation and Indemnification
of Trustee and its Prior Claim 41

SECTION 6.7. Indentures Not Creating Potential
Conflicting Interests for the Trustee 41

SECTION 6.8. Persons Eligible for Appointment
as Trustee 41

ii

SECTION 6.9. Resignation and Removal; Appointment
of Successor Trustee 42

SECTION 6.10. Acceptance of Appointment by
Successor Trustee 43

SECTION 6.11. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation
or Succession to Business of Trustee 44

SECTION 6.12. Preferential Collection of
Claims Against the Issuer 45

SECTION 6.13. Appointment of Authenticating
Agent 45

ARTICLE 7

CONCERNING THE SECURITYHOLDERS

SECTION 7.1. Evidence of Action Taken by
Securityholders 46

SECTION 7.2. Proof of Execution of Instruments
and of Holding of Securities 46

SECTION 7.3. Holders to Be Treated as Owners 47

SECTION 7.4. Securities Owned by Issuer
Deemed Not Outstanding 47

SECTION 7.5. Right of Revocation of Action
Taken 48

ARTICLE 8

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

SECTION 8.1. Supplemental Indentures Without
Consent of Securityholders 48

SECTION 8.2. Supplemental Indentures With
Consent of Securityholders 50

SECTION 8.3. Effect of Supplemental Indenture 51

SECTION 8.4. Documents to Be Given to Trustee 51

SECTION 8.5. Notation on Securities in Respect
of Supplemental Indentures 51

SECTION 8.6. Subordination Unimpaired 51

ARTICLE 9

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, AMALGAMATION, SALE OR CONVEYANCE

SECTION 9.1. Issuer May Consolidate,
Etc., Only on Certain Terms 52

SECTION 9.2. Successor Substituted for the
Issuer 52

ARTICLE 10

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE; UNCLAIMED MONIES

SECTION 10.1. Termination of Issuers
Obligations Under the Indenture 53

SECTION 10.2. Application of Trust Funds 54

SECTION 10.3. Applicability of Defeasance
Provisions; Issuers Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 54

SECTION 10.4. Defeasance and Discharge 54

SECTION 10.5. Covenant Defeasance 55

SECTION 10.6. Conditions to Defeasance or
Covenant Defeasance 55

iii

SECTION 10.7. Deposited Money and U.S. Government
Obligations to be Held in Trust 57

SECTION 10.8. Repayment to Issuer 57

SECTION 10.9. Indemnity for U.S. Government
Obligations 57

SECTION 10.10. Reimbursement 58

ARTICLE 11

SUBORDINATION OF SECURITIES

SECTION 11.1. Applicability of Article 58

SECTION 11.2. Securities Subordinate to Senior
Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness 58

SECTION 11.3. Payment Over of Proceeds Upon
Dissolution, Etc. 59

SECTION 11.4. No Payment When Senior Debt
or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer in Default 60

SECTION 11.5. Payment Permitted If No Default 61

SECTION 11.6. Subrogation to Rights of Holders
of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer 61

SECTION 11.7. Provisions Solely to Define
Relative Rights 61

SECTION 11.8. Trustee to Effectuate Subordination 62

SECTION 11.9. No Waiver of Subordination
Provisions 62

SECTION 11.10. Notice to Trustee 63

SECTION 11.11. Reliance on Judicial Order
or Certificate of Liquidating Agent 63

SECTION 11.12. Trustee Not Fiduciary for Holders
of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer 63

SECTION 11.13. Rights of Trustee as Holder
of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer; Preservation of Trustees Rights 64

SECTION 11.14. Article Applicable to
Paying Agents 64

ARTICLE 12

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

SECTION 12.1. Incorporators, Shareholders,
Officers and Directors of Issuer Exempt from Individual Liability 64

SECTION 12.2. Provisions of Indenture for
the Sole Benefit of Parties and Holders of Securities 64

SECTION 12.3. Successors and Assigns of Issuer
Bound by Indenture 65

SECTION 12.4. Notices and Demands on Issuer,
Trustee and Holders of Securities 65

SECTION 12.5. Officers Certificates
and Opinions of Counsel; Statements to Be Contained Therein 66

SECTION 12.6. Payments Due on Saturdays,
Sundays and Holidays 67

SECTION 12.7. Conflict of Any Provision of
Indenture with Trust Indenture Act 67

iv

SECTION 12.8. New York Law to Govern; Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction 68

SECTION 12.9. Counterparts 68

SECTION 12.10. Effect of Headings 68

SECTION 12.11. Securities in a Foreign Currency
or in Euro 69

SECTION 12.12. Judgment Currency 69

SECTION 12.13. Separability Clause 70

SECTION 12.14. Foreign Account Tax Compliance
Act (FATCA) 70

ARTICLE 13

REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES AND SINKING FUNDS

SECTION 13.1. Applicability of Article 70

SECTION 13.2. Notice of Redemption; Partial
Redemptions 71

SECTION 13.3. Payment of Securities Called
for Redemption 72

SECTION 13.4. Exclusion of Certain Securities
from Eligibility for Selection for Redemption 73

SECTION 13.5. Mandatory and Optional Sinking
Funds 73

v

THIS INDENTURE, dated as of March 18, 2025,
between Enstar Group Limited, an exempted company formed under the laws of Bermuda (the Issuer), and The Bank of New York
Mellon, as trustee (the Trustee).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Issuer has duly authorized the issue
from time to time of its unsecured junior subordinated debentures, notes or other evidences of its unsecured junior subordinated indebtedness
to be issued in one or more series (the Securities) up to such principal amount or amounts as may from time to time be authorized
in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Issuer has duly authorized the execution
and delivery of this Indenture to provide, among other things, for the authentication, delivery and administration of the Securities;
and

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Indenture
a valid indenture and agreement according to its terms have been done;

NOW, THEREFORE:

In consideration of the premises and the purchases
of the Securities by the Holders thereof, the Issuer and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and proportionate benefit
of the respective Holders from time to time of the Securities, as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1. Certain Terms Defined. The
following terms (except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise clearly requires) for all purposes of this Indenture
and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section. All other terms used in this Indenture
that are defined in the Trust Indenture Act or the definitions of which in the Securities Act of 1933 are referred to in the Trust Indenture
Act, including terms defined therein by reference to the Securities Act of 1933 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless
the context otherwise requires), shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in said Trust Indenture Act and in said Securities Act
of 1933 as in force at the date of this Indenture. All accounting terms used herein and not expressly defined shall have the meanings
assigned to such terms in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the term generally accepted accounting
principles means such accounting principles as are generally accepted in the United States at the time of any computation. The
words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture
as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. Reference herein to Section numbers are references
to Sections of this Indenture. The terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include
the plural as well as the singular.

Additional Amounts shall mean any additional
amounts which are required hereby or by any Security, under circumstances specified herein or therein, to be paid by the Issuer, in respect
of certain taxes, assessments or other governmental charges imposed on Holders specified herein or therein and which are owing to such
Holders.

Applicable Law shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.11.

Authenticating Agent shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.13.

Authorized Newspaper means a newspaper
of general circulation, in the official language of the country of publication or in the English language customarily published on each
Business Day whether or not published on Saturdays, Sundays or holidays. Whenever successive publications in an Authorized Newspaper are
required hereunder they may be made (unless otherwise expressly provided herein) on the same or different days of the week and in the
same or different Authorized Newspapers.

Board of Directors means either the
board of directors of the Issuer or any committee of such board of directors duly authorized to act on its behalf.

Board Resolution means a copy of one
or more resolutions, certified by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Issuer to have been duly adopted or consented to by the
Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect, and delivered to the Trustee; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a Board
Resolution may authorize any officer or committee of the Issuer, as applicable, to take actions required hereunder, without need for an
additional Board Resolution.

Business Day means, with respect to
any Security, a day that in the city (or in any of the cities, if more than one) in which amounts are payable, as specified in the form
of such Security, and in The City of New York is not a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, executive
order or regulation to close.

Code shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.11.

Commission means the Securities and
Exchange Commission, as from time to time constituted, created under the Exchange Act, or if at any time after the execution and delivery
of this Indenture such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act, then the
body performing such duties on such date.

Corporate Trust Office means the designated
office of the Trustee at which its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at 240 Greenwich
Street, New York, NY, 10286, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from
time to time by notice to the Holders and the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other
address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Issuer).

2

Covenant Defeasance shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 10.5.

Defeasance shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 10.4.

Depositary means, with respect to the
Securities of any series issuable or issued in global form, the Person designated as Depositary by the Issuer pursuant to Section 2.3
until a successor Depositary shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Depositary
shall mean or include each Person who is then a Depositary hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, Depositary
as used with respect to the Securities of any such series shall mean the Depositary with respect to the Securities in global form of that
series.

Dollar means the coin or currency of
the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.

Euro means the single currency of participating
member states of the economic and monetary union as contemplated in the Treaty on European Union.

Event of Default means any event or
condition specified as such in Section 5.1.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and any successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.

Foreign Currency means a currency issued
by the government of a country other than the United States.

Holder, Holder of Securities,
Securityholder or other similar terms mean in the case of any Security, the person in whose name such Security is registered
in the Securities Register kept by the Securities Registrar for that purpose in accordance with the terms hereof.

Indebtedness means, with respect to
any Person, (i) the principal of and any premium and interest on (a) indebtedness of such Person for money borrowed and (b) indebtedness
evidenced by notes, debentures, bonds or other similar instruments for the payment of which such Person is responsible or liable; (ii) all
finance lease obligations of such Person; (iii) all obligations of such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of
property, all conditional sale obligations and all obligations under any title retention agreement (but excluding trade accounts payable
arising in the ordinary course of business); (iv) all obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor on any letter
of credit, bankers acceptance or similar credit transaction (other than obligations with respect to letters of credit securing
obligations (other than obligations described in (i) through (iii) above) entered into in the ordinary course of business of
such Person to the extent such letters of credit are not drawn upon or, if and to the extent drawn upon, such drawing is reimbursed no
later than the third Business Day following receipt by such Person of a demand for reimbursement following payment on the letter of credit);
(v) all obligations of the type referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) of other Persons and all dividends of other
Persons for the payment of which, in either case, such Person is responsible or liable as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, the amount
thereof being deemed to be the lesser of the stated recourse, if limited, and the amount of the obligations or dividends of the other
Person; (vi) all obligations of the type referred to in clauses (i) through (v) of other Persons secured by any Lien
on any property or asset of such Person (whether or not such obligation is assumed by such Person), the amount of such obligation being
deemed to be the lesser of the value of such property or assets or the amount of the obligation so secured; and (vii) any amendments,
modifications, refundings, renewals or extensions of any indebtedness or obligation described as Indebtedness in clauses (i) through
(vi) above.

3

Indemnitees shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 6.6.

Indenture means this instrument as
originally executed and delivered or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented or both, and shall
include the forms and terms of particular series of Securities established as contemplated hereunder.

Investment Company Act means the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Issuer means Enstar Group Limited,
an exempted company formed under the laws of Bermuda and, subject to Article 9, its successors and assigns.

Issuer Order means a written statement,
request or order of the Issuer signed in its name by the chairman or vice chairman of the Board of Directors, the principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal operating officer, any executive, senior or other vice president or the treasurer of the
Issuer.

Journal shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 12.11.

Judgment Currency shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 12.12.

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, lien,
charge, security interest or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever.

Mandatory Sinking Fund Payment shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 13.5(a).

Market Exchange Rate shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 12.11.

Officers Certificate means a
certificate signed by the chairman or vice chairman of the Board of Directors, the principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal operating officer or any executive, senior or other vice president or the treasurer of the Issuer and delivered to the Trustee.
Each such certificate shall include the applicable statements provided for in Section 12.5.

4

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion
in writing of legal counsel who may be an employee of or counsel to the Issuer. Each such opinion shall include the applicable statements
provided for in Section 12.5.

Optional Sinking Fund Payment shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 13.5(a).

Original Issue Date of any Security
(or portion thereof) means the earlier of (1) the date of such Security or (2) the date of any Security (or portion thereof)
for which such Security was issued (directly or indirectly) on registration of transfer, exchange or substitution.

Original Issue Discount Security means
any Security that provides for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration
of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 5.1.

Outstanding (except as otherwise provided
in Section 7.4, Section 10.4 and Section 10.5), when used with reference to Securities, shall, subject to the provisions
of Section 7.4, Section 10.4 and Section 10.5 mean, as of any particular time, all Securities authenticated and delivered
by the Trustee under this Indenture, except:

(1) Securities theretofore cancelled
by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

(2) Securities, or portions thereof,
for the payment or redemption of which monies or U.S. Government Obligations (as provided for in Section 10.1) in the necessary amount
shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any paying agent (other than the Issuer) or shall have been set aside, segregated
and held in trust by the Issuer for the Holders of such Securities (if the Issuer shall act as its own paying agent), provided that if
such Securities, or portions thereof, are to be redeemed prior to the maturity thereof, notice of such redemption shall have been given
as herein provided, or provision satisfactory to the Trustee shall have been made for giving such notice; and

(3) Securities which shall have
been paid or in substitution for which other Securities shall have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.9
(except with respect to any such Security as to which proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that such Security is held by a person
in whose hands such Security is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Issuer) or Securities not deemed outstanding pursuant to
Section 13.2.

5

In determining whether the Holders of the requisite
principal amount of Outstanding Securities of any or all series have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent
or waiver hereunder, the principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security that shall be deemed to be Outstanding for such purposes
shall be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon a declaration of
acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 5.1.

Payment Blockage Period shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 11.4.

Periodic Offering means an offering
of Securities of a series from time to time, the specific terms of which Securities, including, without limitation, the rate or rates
of interest, if any, thereon, the stated maturity or maturities thereof and the redemption provisions, if any, with respect thereto, are
to be determined by the Issuer or its agents upon the issuance of such Securities.

Person means a legal person, including
any individual, company, limited liability company, corporation, estate, partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, association,
joint share company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity
of whatever nature.

Principal whenever used with reference
to the Securities or any Security or any portion thereof, shall be deemed to include and premium, if any.

Proceeding shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 11.3.

Record Date shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.7.

Representative shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 11.4.

Required Currency shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 12.12.

Responsible Officer when used with
respect to the Trustee, means any officer of the Trustee within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president,
assistant vice president, assistant secretary, senior associate, associate, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily
performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate
trust matter is referred because of such persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct
responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Security or Securities
(except as otherwise provided in Section 7.4) has the meaning stated in the first recital of this Indenture, or, as the case may
be, Securities that have been authenticated and delivered under this Indenture.

Securities Payment shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 11.3.

6

Securities Register shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.8(a).

Securities Registrar means the office
or agency appointed by the Issuer to maintain the Securities Register.

Senior Debt means the principal of
(and premium, if any) and interest and any additional amounts on all Indebtedness of the Issuer, whether created, incurred or assumed
before, on or after the date of this Indenture; provided that such Senior Debt shall not include any Indebtedness of the Issuer, which
by its terms or the terms of the instrument creating or evidencing such Indebtedness is specifically designated as being either subordinated
to or pari passu with any Subordinated Debt or subordinated to or pari passu with the Securities.

Senior Nonmonetary Default means the
occurrence or existence and continuance of any event of default with respect to any Senior Debt, other than a Senior Payment Default,
permitting the holders of such Senior Debt (or a trustee or agent on behalf of the holders thereof) to declare such Senior Debt due and
payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable.

Senior Payment Default means any default
in the payment of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest or any additional amount on any Senior Debt of the Issuer when due, whether
at the stated maturity of any such payment or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise.

Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary
that that would be a Significant Subsidiary of the Issuer within the meaning of Rule 1-02 under Regulation S-X promulgated
by the Commission.

Sinking Fund Payment Date shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 13.5(a).

Subsidiary means any corporation, partnership
or other entity of which at the time of determination the Issuer owns or controls directly or indirectly more than 50% of the Voting Shares.

Subordinated Indebtedness means the
principal of (and premium, if any) and interest and any additional amounts on all Indebtedness of the Issuer that is subordinated to any
Senior Debt, whether created, incurred or assumed before, on or after the date of this Indenture; provided that Subordinated Indebtedness
shall not include any Indebtedness of the Issuer which by its terms or the terms of the instrument creating or evidencing such Indebtedness
is specifically designated as being subordinated to or pari passu with the Securities.

Subordinated Nonmonetary Default means
the occurrence or existence and continuance of any event of default with respect to any Subordinated Indebtedness, other than a Subordinated
Payment Default, permitting the holders of such Subordinated Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of the holders thereof) to
declare such Subordinated Indebtedness due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable.

7

Subordinated Payment Default means
any default in the payment of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest or any additional amount on any Subordinated Indebtedness
of the Issuer when due, whether at the stated maturity of any such payment or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise.

Taxing Jurisdiction shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.11.

Trust Indenture Act (except as otherwise
provided in Section 8.1 and Section 8.2) means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force at the date as of which this Indenture
was originally executed and as amended from time to time.

Trustee means the Person identified
as Trustee in the first paragraph hereof and, subject to the provisions of Article 6, shall also include any successor
trustee. Trustee shall also mean or include each Person who is then a trustee hereunder and if at any time there is more
than one such Person, Trustee as used with respect to the Securities of any series shall mean the trustee with respect to
the Securities of such series.

U.S. Government Obligations means securities
which are (1) direct obligations of the United States of America for the payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged or
(2) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America
the timely payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America which, in either
case, are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof or otherwise subject to prepayment, and shall also include a
depository receipt issued by a New York Clearing House bank or trust company as custodian with respect to any such U.S. Government Obligation
or a specific payment of interest on or principal of any such U.S. Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the
holder of a depository receipt, provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from
the amount payable to the holder of such depository receipt or from any amount held by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government
Obligation or the specific payment of interest on or principal of the U.S. Government Obligation evidenced by such depository receipt.

Voting Shares means shares of any class
or classes having general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect a majority of the board of directors, managers or trustees
of the entity in question, provided that, for the purposes hereof, shares which carry only the right to vote conditionally on the happening
of an event shall not be considered voting shares whether or not such event shall have happened.

Yield to Maturity means the yield to
maturity on a series of securities, calculated at the time of issuance of such series, or, if applicable, at the most recent redetermination
of interest on such series, and calculated in accordance with accepted financial practice.

8

ARTICLE 2

SECURITIES

SECTION 2.1. Forms Generally. The Securities
of each series shall be substantially in such form (not inconsistent with this Indenture) as shall be established by or pursuant to one
or more Board Resolutions (as set forth in a Board Resolution or, to the extent established pursuant to rather than set forth in a Board
Resolution, an Officers Certificate detailing such establishment) or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case
with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture and may
have imprinted or otherwise reproduced thereon such legend or legends or endorsements, not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture,
as may be required to comply with any law or with any rules or regulations pursuant thereto, or with any rules of any securities
exchange or to conform to general usage, all as may be determined by the officers executing such Securities, as evidenced by their execution
of such Securities. If temporary Securities of any series are issued as permitted by Section 2.11, the form thereof also shall be
established as provided in the preceding sentence. If the forms of Securities, if any, of the series are established by, or by action
taken pursuant to, a Board Resolution, a copy of the Board Resolution together with an appropriate record of any such action taken pursuant
thereto, including a copy of the approved form of Securities, if any, shall be certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of
the Issuer and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Issuer Order contemplated by Section 2.4 for the authentication
and delivery of such Securities.

The definitive Securities, if any, may be produced
in any manner, all as determined by the officers executing such Securities, as evidenced by their execution of such Securities.

SECTION 2.2. Form of Trustees
Certificate of Authentication. The Trustees certificate of authentication on all Securities shall be in substantially the following
form:

This is one of the Securities referred to
in the within mentioned Junior Subordinated Indenture.

By 

Authorized Signatory

The Bank of New York Mellon,

as Trustee Dated: [ ]

9

If at any time there shall be an Authenticating Agent
appointed with respect to any series of Securities, then the Trustees certificate of authentication to be borne by the Securities
of each such series shall be substantially as follows:

This is one of the Securities referred to
in the within mentioned Junior Subordinated Indenture.

[ ],

as Authenticating Agent Dated: [ ]

By 

Authorized Signatory

SECTION 2.3. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in
Series. The aggregate principal amount of Securities which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited.

The Securities may be issued in one or more series
and each such series shall rank equally and pari passu with the Securities of each other series. There shall be established in
or pursuant to one or more Board Resolutions (and to the extent established pursuant to rather than set forth in a Board Resolution, in
an Officers Certificate detailing such establishment) or established in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, prior to the
initial issuance of Securities of any series:

(a) the designation of the Securities of the
series, which shall distinguish the Securities of the series from the Securities of all other series;

(b) any limit upon the aggregate principal
amount of the Securities of the series that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture (except for Securities authenticated
and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities of the series pursuant to Section 2.8,
Section 2.9, Section 2.11, Section 8.5 or Section 13.3);

(c) if other than Dollars, the coin or currency
in which the Securities of that series are denominated (including, but not limited to, any Foreign Currency or Euro);

(d) the date or dates on which the principal
of the Securities of the series is payable;

(e) the rate or rates at which the Securities
of the series shall bear interest, if any, the date or dates from which such interest shall accrue, on which such interest shall be payable
and on which a record shall be taken for the determination of Holders to whom interest is payable and/or the method by which such rate
or rates or date or dates shall be determined;

(f) the place or places where the principal
of and any interest on Securities of the series shall be payable (if other than as provided in Section 3.2);

10

(g) the right, if any, of the Issuer to redeem
Securities, in whole or in part, at its option and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and any terms and
conditions upon which Securities of the series may be so redeemed, pursuant to any sinking fund or otherwise;

(h) the obligation, if any, of the Issuer to
redeem, purchase or repay Securities of the series pursuant to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or analogous provisions or at the
option of a Holder thereof and the price or prices at which and the period or periods within which and any terms and conditions upon which
Securities of the series shall be redeemed, purchased or repaid, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation;

(i) if other than denominations of $2,000 and
any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, the denominations in which Securities of the series shall be issuable;

(j) if other than the principal amount thereof,
the portion of the principal amount of Securities of the series which shall be payable upon acceleration of the maturity thereof;

(k) if other than the coin or currency in which
the Securities of that series are denominated, the coin or currency in which payment of the principal of or interest on the Securities
of such series shall be payable;

(l) if the principal of or interest on the
Securities of such series are to be payable, at the election of the Issuer or a Holder thereof, in a coin or currency other than that
in which the Securities are denominated, the period or periods within which, and the terms and conditions upon which, such election may
be made;

(m) if the amount of payments of principal
of and interest on the Securities of the series may be determined with reference to an index based on a coin or currency other than that
in which the Securities of the series are denominated, the manner in which such amounts shall be determined;

(n) Reserved.

(o) if other than as set forth in Section 3.11
and 3.12, whether and under what circumstances the Issuer will pay Additional Amounts on the Securities of the series held by a person
in respect of any tax, assessment or governmental charge withheld or deducted and, if so, whether the Issuer will have the option to redeem
such Securities rather than pay such Additional Amounts;

(p) if the Securities of such series are to
be issuable in definitive form (whether upon original issue or upon exchange of a temporary Security of such series) only upon receipt
of certain certificates or other documents or satisfaction of other conditions, the form and terms of such certificates, documents or
conditions;

11

(q) any Trustees, Depositaries, Authenticating
Agents, paying or transfer agents or registrars or any other agents with respect to the Securities of such series;

(r) any deletions from, modifications of or
additions to the Events of Default or covenants with respect to the Securities of such series;

(s) provisions, if any, granting special rights
to the Holders of Securities of the series upon the occurrence of such events as may be specified;

(t) Reserved.

(u) the applicability, if any, to the Securities
of or within the series, of Article 10, or such other means of defeasance or covenant defeasance as may be specified for the Securities,
of such series;

(v) if the Securities of the series shall be
issued in whole or in part in global form (i) the Depositary for such global Securities, (ii) the form of any legend in addition
to or in lieu of that in Section 2.4 which shall be borne by such global security, (iii) whether beneficial owners of interests
in any Securities of the series in global form may exchange such interests for certificated Securities of such series and of like tenor
of any authorized form and denomination, and (iv) if other than as provided in Section 2.8, the circumstances under which any
such exchange may occur;

(w) the right or obligation of the Issuer,
if any, to defer any payment of Principal of or interest on the Securities of the series, or any tranche thereof, and the maximum length
of any such deferral period;

(x) any change to the subordination provisions
which applies to the Securities of the series from those contained in Article 11 with respect to the Securities, and the definition
of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness which shall apply to the Securities of the series;

(y) any transfer restrictions applicable to
the Securities of the series; and

(z) any other terms of the series (which terms
shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture).

All Securities of any one series, shall be substantially
identical, except as to denomination and except as may otherwise be provided by or pursuant to the Board Resolution or Officers
Certificate referred to above or as set forth in any such indenture supplemental hereto. All Securities of any one series need not be
issued at the same time and may pursuant to the Board Resolution or Officers Certificate be issued from time to time, consistent
with the terms of this Indenture, if so provided by or pursuant to such Board Resolution, such Officers Certificate or in any such
indenture supplemental hereto.

12

SECTION 2.4. Authentication and Delivery
of Securities. (a) The Issuer may deliver Securities of any series, executed by the Issuer, to the Trustee for authentication,
together with the applicable documents referred to below in this Section, and the Trustee shall thereupon authenticate and deliver such
Securities to or upon the order of the Issuer (contained in the Issuer Order referred to below in this Section) or pursuant to such procedures
acceptable to the Trustee and to such recipients as may be specified from time to time by an Issuer Order. The maturity date, Original
Issue Date, interest rate and any other terms of the Securities of such series shall be set forth in such Issuer Order. In authenticating
such Securities and accepting the additional responsibilities under this Indenture in relation to such Securities, the Trustee shall be
entitled to receive and (subject to Section 6.1) shall be fully protected in relying upon unless and until such documents have been
superseded or revoked:

(i) an
Issuer Order requesting such authentication and delivery; provided that with respect to Securities of a series subject to a Periodic Offering,
(1) such Issuer Order may be delivered by the Issuer to the Trustee prior to the delivery to the Trustee of such Securities for authentication
and delivery, (2) the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver Securities of such series for original issue from time to time, in an
aggregate principal amount not exceeding the aggregate principal amount established for such series (as determined by the Issuer), pursuant
to an Issuer Order, and (3) the maturity date or dates, Original Issue Date or Dates, interest rate or rates and any other terms
of Securities of such series shall be set forth in an Issuer Order;

(ii) a
Board Resolution, an Officers Certificate or executed supplemental indenture referred to in Section 2.1 and 2.3 by or pursuant
to which the forms and terms of the Securities, if any, were established;

(iii) an
Officers Certificate stating that the form or forms and terms of the Securities have been established pursuant to Section 2.1
and Section 2.3 and comply with this Indenture; and

(iv) one
or more Opinions of Counsel, substantially to the effect that:

(1) the
forms and terms of the Securities have been duly authorized and established in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture;

(2) the
conditions precedent in the Indenture to the issuance and authentication of the Securities have been satisfied; and

(3) when
the Securities have been executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and
delivered to and duly paid for by the purchasers thereof, they will be valid and binding obligations of the Issuer enforceable in accordance
with its terms.

13

In rendering such opinions, any counsel may qualify
any opinions by stating that the validity or enforceability of any agreements or instruments may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, liquidation, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and by general principles
of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Such counsel may rely upon opinions
of other counsel (copies of which shall be delivered to the Trustee). Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves
factual matters, such counsel has relied, to the extent such counsel deems proper, upon certificates of officers of the Issuer and its
subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.

(b) The Trustee shall have the right to decline
to authenticate and deliver any Securities under this Section if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines that such action
may not lawfully be taken by the Issuer or if the Trustee in good faith by its board of directors or board of trustees, executive committee,
or a trust committee of directors or trustees or Responsible Officers shall determine that such action would expose the Trustee to personal
liability to existing Holders or would affect the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under the Securities, this Indenture
or otherwise.

(c) If the Issuer shall establish pursuant
to Section 2.3 that the Securities of a series are to be issued in whole or in part in global form, then the Issuer shall execute
and the Trustee shall, in accordance with this Section and the Issuer Order with respect to such series, authenticate and deliver
one or more Securities in global form that (i) shall represent and shall be denominated in an amount equal to the aggregate principal
amount of all of the Securities of such series issued and not yet cancelled, (ii) shall be registered in the name of the Depositary
for such Security or Securities in global form or the nominee of such Depositary, (iii) shall be retained by the Trustee as custodian
for such Depositary or delivered by the Trustee to such Depositary or pursuant to such Depositarys instructions and (iv) shall
bear a legend substantially to the following effect: Unless and until it is exchanged in whole or in part for Securities in definitive
form, this Security may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to the nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the
Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or
a nominee of such successor Depositary.

(d) Each Depositary designated pursuant to
Section 2.3 must, at the time of its designation and at all times while it serves as Depositary, be a clearing agency registered
under the Exchange Act and any other applicable statute or regulation.

SECTION 2.5. Execution of Securities.
The Securities shall be signed on behalf of the Issuer by the chairman or vice chairman of its Board of Directors or its principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal operating officer or any executive, senior or other vice president or its treasurer, but
need not be attested. Such signatures may be the manual, facsimile or electronic signatures of the present or any future such officers.
Typographical and other minor errors or defects in any such signature shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any Security
that has been duly authenticated and delivered by the Trustee.

14

In case any officer of the Issuer who shall have
signed any of the Securities shall cease to be such officer before the Security so signed shall be authenticated and delivered by the
Trustee or disposed of by the Issuer, such Security nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the person
who signed such Security had not ceased to be such officer of the Issuer; and any Security may be signed on behalf of the Issuer by such
persons as, at the actual date of the execution of such Security, shall be the proper officers of the Issuer, although at the date of
the execution and delivery of this Indenture any such person was not such an officer.

SECTION 2.6. Certificate of Authentication.
Only such Securities as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form herein before recited, executed by
the Trustee by the manual or electronic signature of one of its authorized signatories, shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture
or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. The execution of such certificate by the Trustee upon any Security executed by the Issuer shall
be conclusive evidence that the Security so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder and that the Holder is entitled
to the benefits of this Indenture.

SECTION 2.7. Denomination and Date of Securities;
Payments of Interest. The Securities of each series shall be issuable as Securities registered in the name of the Holder in the Securities
Register in denominations established as contemplated by Section 2.3 or, with respect to the Securities of any series, if not so
established, in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Securities of each series shall be
numbered, lettered or otherwise distinguished in such manner or in accordance with such plan as the officers of the Issuer executing the
same may determine, as evidenced by the execution and authentication thereof.

Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication.
The Securities of each series shall bear interest, if any, from the date, and such interest shall be payable on the dates, established
as contemplated by Section 2.3.

The Person in whose name any Security of any series
is registered in the Securities Register at the close of business on any record date applicable to a particular series with respect to
any interest payment date for such series shall be entitled to receive the interest, if any, payable on such interest payment date notwithstanding
any transfer or exchange of such Security subsequent to the record date and prior to such interest payment date, except if and to the
extent the Issuer shall default in the payment of the interest due on such interest payment date for such series, in which case such defaulted
interest shall be paid to the Persons in whose names Outstanding Securities for such series are registered in the Securities Register
at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less than five Business Days prior to the date of payment of
such defaulted interest) established by notice given by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Holders of Securities not less than 15 days
preceding such subsequent record date. The term record date as used with respect to any interest payment date (except a
date for payment of defaulted interest) for the Securities of any series shall mean the date specified as such in the terms of the Securities
of such series established as contemplated by Section 2.3, or, if no such date is so established, if such interest payment date is
the first day of a calendar month, the fifteenth day of the next preceding calendar month or, if such interest payment date is the fifteenth
day of a calendar month, the first day of such calendar month, whether or not such record date is a Business Day.

15

SECTION 2.8. Registration, Transfer and Exchange.
(a) The Issuer shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee for the purpose as provided in Section 3.2
for each series of Securities a register (the Securities Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it
may prescribe, it will provide for the registration of Securities of such series and the registration of transfer of Securities of such
series. Such Securities Register shall be in written form in the English language. The Trustee is hereby appointed Securities Registrar
for the purpose of registering transfers of and exchanging Securities as provided herein.

(b) Upon due presentation for registration
of transfer of any Security of any series to the Securities Registrar, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver in the name of the transferee or transferees a new Security or Securities of the same series, maturity date, interest rate and
Original Issue Date in authorized denominations for a like aggregate principal amount.

At the option of the Holder thereof, Securities of
any series (other than a Security in global form, except as set forth below) may be exchanged for a Security of such series having authorized
denominations and an equal aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of such Securities to be exchanged at the Securities Register that
shall be maintained for such purpose in accordance with Section 3.2 and upon payment, if the Issuer shall so require, of the charges
hereinafter provided. Whenever any Securities are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuer shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate
and deliver, the Securities which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive.

(c) Reserved.

(d) All Securities presented for registration
of transfer, exchange, redemption or payment shall (if so required by the Issuer or the Trustee) be duly endorsed by, or be accompanied
by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by the Holder or his
or her attorney duly authorized in writing.

The Issuer or Trustee may require payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any exchange or registration of transfer
of Securities. No service charge shall be made for any such transaction.

16

The Issuer shall not be required to exchange or register
a transfer of (i) any Securities of any series for a period of 15 days next preceding the first mailing of notice of redemption
of Securities of such series to be redeemed or (ii) any Securities selected, called or being called for redemption, in whole or in
part, except, in the case of any Security to be redeemed in part, the portion thereof not so to be redeemed.

(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Section, unless and until it is exchanged in whole or in part for Securities in definitive form, a Security in global form representing
all or a portion of the Securities of a series may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary for such series to a nominee
of such Depositary or by a nominee of such Depositary to such Depositary or another nominee of such Depositary or by such Depositary or
any such nominee to a successor Depositary for such series or a nominee of such successor Depositary.

If at any time the Depositary for any Securities
of a series represented by one or more Securities in global form notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary
for such Securities or if at any time the Depositary for such Securities shall no longer be eligible under Section 2.4, the Issuer
shall appoint a successor Depositary eligible under Section 2.4 with respect to such Securities. If a successor Depositary eligible
under Section 2.4 for such Securities is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days after the Issuer receives such notice or
becomes aware of such ineligibility, the Issuers election pursuant to Section 2.3 that such Securities be represented by one
or more Securities in global form shall no longer be effective and the Issuer will execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Issuer
Order for the authentication and delivery of definitive Securities of such series, will authenticate and deliver, Securities of such series
in definitive registered form, in any authorized denominations, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the
Security or Securities in global form representing such Securities in exchange for such Security or Securities in global form.

The Issuer may at any time and in its sole discretion
determine that the Securities of any series issued in global form shall no longer be represented by Securities in global form. In such
event, the Issuer will execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Issuer Order for the authentication and delivery of definitive Securities
of such series, will authenticate and deliver, Securities of such series in definitive registered form, in any authorized denominations,
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Security in global form representing such Securities, in exchange
for such Security in global form.

If specified by the Issuer pursuant to Section 2.3
with respect to Securities in global form, the Depositary for such Security in global form may surrender such Security in global form
in exchange in whole or in part for Securities of the same series in definitive form on such terms as are acceptable to the Issuer and
such Depositary. Thereupon, the Issuer shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, without service charge,

17

(i) to
the Person specified by such Depositary a new Security or Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations as requested
by such Person, in an aggregate principal amount equal to and in exchange for such Persons beneficial interest in the Security
in global form; and

(ii) to
such Depositary a new Security in global form in a denomination equal to the difference, if any, between the principal amount of the surrendered
Security in global form and the aggregate principal amount of Securities authenticated and delivered pursuant to clause (i) above.

Upon the exchange of a Security in global form for
Securities in definitive form, in authorized denominations, such Security in global form shall be cancelled by the Trustee or an agent
of the Trustee. Securities in definitive form issued in exchange for a Security in global form pursuant to this Section shall be
registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect
participants or otherwise, shall instruct the Trustee or an agent of the Issuer or the Trustee. The Trustee or such agent shall deliver
such Securities to or as directed by the Persons in whose names such Securities are so registered in the Securities Register.

(f) All Securities issued upon any transfer
or exchange of Securities shall be valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under
this Indenture, as the Securities surrendered upon such transfer or exchange.

(g) Reserved.

(h) The Trustee shall have no obligation or
duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable
law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between or among depositary participants or
beneficial owners of interests in any global Security) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or
evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the
same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

SECTION 2.9. Mutilated, Defaced, Destroyed,
Lost and Stolen Securities. In case any Security shall become mutilated, defaced or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Issuer in its
discretion may execute, and upon the receipt of an Issuer Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Security of the same
series, maturity date, interest rate and Original Issue Date, bearing a number or other distinguishing symbol not contemporaneously outstanding,
in exchange and substitution for the mutilated or defaced Security, or in lieu of and in substitution for the Security so destroyed, lost
or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substitute Security shall furnish to the Issuer and to the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer
or the Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by them to indemnify and defend and to save each of them harmless and, in
every case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Security and of the
ownership thereof and in the case of mutilation or defacement shall surrender the Security to the Trustee or such agent.

18

Upon the issuance of any substitute Security, the
Issuer or Trustee may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation
thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) or its agent in connection therewith. In case any Security
which has matured or is about to mature or has been called for redemption in full shall become mutilated or defaced or be destroyed, lost
or stolen, the Issuer may instead of issuing a substitute Security, pay or authorize the payment of the same (without surrender thereof
except in the case of a mutilated or defaced Security), if the applicant for such payment shall furnish to the Issuer and to the Trustee
and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee such security or indemnity as any of them may require to save each of them harmless, and, in
every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Issuer and the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or
the Trustee evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Security and of the ownership thereof.

Every substitute Security of any series issued pursuant
to the provisions of this Section by virtue of the fact that any such Security is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional
contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone
and shall be entitled to all the benefits of (but shall be subject to all the limitations of rights set forth in) this Indenture equally
and proportionately with any and all other Securities of such series duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. All Securities shall
be held and owned upon the express condition that, to the extent permitted by law, the foregoing provisions are exclusive with respect
to the replacement or payment of mutilated, defaced or destroyed, lost or stolen Securities and shall preclude any and all other rights
or remedies notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement or payment
of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender.

SECTION 2.10. Cancellation of Securities;
Disposition Thereof. All Securities surrendered for payment, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange, or for credit against
any payment in respect of a sinking or analogous fund, if surrendered to the Issuer or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee or any agent
of the Trustee, shall be delivered to the Trustee or its agent for cancellation or, if surrendered to the Trustee, shall be cancelled
by it; and no Securities shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Indenture. The
Trustee or its agent shall dispose of cancelled Securities held by it in accordance with its customary procedures for the disposition
of cancelled securities in effect as of the date of such cancellation. If the Issuer or its agent shall acquire any of the Securities,
such acquisition shall not operate as a redemption or satisfaction of the indebtedness represented by such Securities, unless and until
the same are delivered to the Trustee or its agent for cancellation.

19

SECTION 2.11. Temporary Securities. Pending
the preparation of definitive Securities for any series, the Issuer may execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver temporary
Securities for such series (printed, lithographed, typewritten or otherwise reproduced, in each case in form satisfactory to the Trustee).
Temporary Securities of any series shall be issuable as Securities registered in the Securities Register of any authorized denomination,
and substantially in the form of the definitive Securities of such series but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be
appropriate for temporary Securities, all as may be determined by the Issuer as evidenced by the execution and authentication thereof.
Temporary Securities may contain such references to any provisions of this Indenture as may be appropriate. Every temporary Security shall
be executed by the Issuer and be authenticated by the Trustee upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with
like effect, as the definitive Securities. Without unreasonable delay the Issuer shall execute and shall furnish definitive Securities
of such series and thereupon temporary Securities of such series may be surrendered in exchange therefor without charge at the Securities
Registrar, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Securities of such series an equal aggregate
principal amount of definitive Securities of the same series having authorized denominations. Until so exchanged, the temporary Securities
of any series shall be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Securities of such series, unless otherwise established
pursuant to Section 2.3.

SECTION 2.12. Global Securities. Neither
the Trustee nor any agent shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary.

None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any paying agent,
any Securities Registrar or any other agent of the Issuer or any agent of the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Security in global form or for maintaining,
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. The Issuer, the Trustee, any paying agent, any Securities
Registrar and any other agent of the Issuer and any agent of the Trustee shall be entitled to deal with the Depositary, and any nominee
thereof, that is the Holder of any such global Security for all purposes of this Indenture relating to such global Security (including
the payment of Principal, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, and the giving of instructions or directions by or to the owner or
holder of a beneficial ownership interest in such global Security) as the sole Holder of such global Security and shall have no obligations
to the beneficial owners thereof. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any paying agent, any Securities Registrar or any other agent of the
Issuer or any agent of the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any acts or omissions of any such Depositary with respect
to such global Security, for the records of any such Depositary, including records in respect of beneficial ownership interests in respect
of any such global Security, for any transactions between such Depositary and any participant in such Depositary or between or among any
such Depositary, any such participant and/or any holder or owner of a beneficial interest in such global Security or for any transfers
of beneficial interests in any such global Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Security in global form, nothing
herein shall prevent the Issuer, the Trustee, or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee, from giving effect to any written certification,
proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary, as a Holder with respect to such global Security, or impair, as between such
Depositary and owners of beneficial interests in such global Security, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of
the rights of such Depositary as a Holder of such global Security.

20

SECTION 2.13. CUSIP Numbers. The Issuer
in issuing the Securities may use CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers (if then generally in use), and, if
so used by the Issuer, the Trustee shall use CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers in notices of redemption
as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers
either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification
numbers printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Issuer
will promptly notify the Trustee of any change in the CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers.

ARTICLE 3

COVENANTS OF THE ISSUER

SECTION 3.1. Payment of Principal, Interest
and Additional Amounts. The Issuer covenants and agrees for the benefit of each series of Securities that it will duly and punctually
pay or cause to be paid the Principal and interest on each of the Securities of such series (together with any Additional Amounts payable
pursuant to the terms of such Securities) at the place or places, at the respective times and in the manner provided in such Securities
and in this Indenture. The interest on Securities (together with any Additional Amounts payable pursuant to the terms of such Securities)
shall be payable only to or upon the written order of the Holders thereof and, at the option of the Issuer, may be paid by wire transfer
or by mailing checks for such interest payable to or upon the written order of such Holders at their last addresses as they appear on
the registry books of the Issuer.

SECTION 3.2. Offices for Payments, Etc.
The Issuer will maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, an office or agency where the Securities of each series may
be presented for payment, where the Securities of each series may be presented for exchange as is provided in this Indenture and, if applicable,
pursuant to Section 2.3 and where the Securities of each series may be presented for registration of transfer as in this Indenture
provided.

The Issuer will maintain in the Borough of Manhattan,
The City of New York, an office or agency where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Securities of any series or
this Indenture may be served.

The Issuer will give to the Trustee written notice
of the location of each such office or agency and of any change of location thereof. In case the Issuer shall fail to maintain any agency
required by this Section, or shall fail to give such notice of the location or of any change in the location of any of the above agencies,
presentations and demands may be made and notices may be served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.

21

The Issuer may from time to time designate one or
more additional offices or agencies where the Securities of a series may be presented for payment, where the Securities of that series
may be presented for exchange as provided in this Indenture and pursuant to Section 2.3 and where the Securities of that series may
be presented for registration of transfer as in this Indenture provided, and the Issuer may from time to time rescind any such designation,
as the Issuer may deem desirable or expedient; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the
Issuer of its obligation to maintain the agencies provided for in this Section. The Issuer will give to the Trustee prompt written notice
of any such designation or rescission thereof.

SECTION 3.3. Money for Security Payments
to be Held in Trust; Unclaimed Money. If the Issuer shall at any time act as its own paying agent, it will, on or before each due
date of the Principal, interest or Additional Amounts on any of the Securities, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders
entitled thereto a sum sufficient to pay the Principal or interest so becoming due until such sums shall be paid to such Holders or otherwise
disposed of as herein provided and will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.

Whenever the Issuer shall have one or more paying
agents, it will, on or prior to 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) each due date of the Principal, interest or Additional Amounts
on any Securities, deposit with the paying agent or paying agents a sum sufficient to pay the Principal or interest so becoming due, such
sum to be held in trust for the benefit of the Holders entitled to such Principal or interest or Additional Amounts, and, unless such
paying agent is the Trustee, the Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.

The Issuer will cause each paying agent other than
the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such paying agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the
provisions of this Section, that such paying agent will:

(a) hold all sums held by it for the payment
of the Principal, interest or Additional Amounts on Securities in trust for the benefit of the Holders entitled thereto until such sums
shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided;

(b) give the Trustee notice of any default
by the Issuer (or any other obligor upon the Securities) in the making of any payment of Principal, interest or Additional Amounts; and

(c) at any time during the continuance of any
such default, upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so held in trust by such paying agent.

22

The Issuer may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining
the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Issuer Order direct any paying agent to pay, to
the Trustee all sums held in trust by the Issuer or such paying agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same trusts as those
upon which such sums were held by the Issuer or such paying agent; and, upon such payment by any paying agent to the Trustee, such paying
agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

Any money deposited with the Trustee or any paying
agent, or then held by the Issuer in trust for the payment of the Principal, interest or Additional Amounts on any Security and remaining
unclaimed for two years after such Principal, interest or Additional Amounts has become due and payable shall be paid to the Issuer on
Issuer Order, or, if then held by the Issuer, shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Security shall thereafter, as
an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such paying agent with
respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Issuer as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee
or such paying agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may (but shall not be obligated to), at the expense of the Issuer,
cause to be published at least once, in an Authorized Newspaper in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, and at least once in
an Authorized Newspaper in London, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not
be less than 30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the
Issuer. Any money deposited with the Trustee or any paying agent, or then held by the Issuer in trust for the payment of the Principal,
interest or Additional Amounts on any Security shall not be subject to claims of the holders of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness
under Article 11.

SECTION 3.4. Statements of Officers of Issuer
as to Default; Notice of Default. The Issuer will deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of
the Issuer ending after the date hereof, a certificate, signed by the Issuers principal executive officer, principal financial
officer or principal accounting officer, stating whether or not to the best knowledge of the signer thereof the Issuer is in default (without
regard to periods of grace or requirements of notice provided hereunder) in the performance and observance of any of the terms, provisions
and conditions hereof, and if the Issuer shall be in default, specifying all such defaults and the nature and status thereof of which
such signer may have knowledge.

SECTION 3.5. Existence. Subject to Article 9,
the Issuer will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence, rights (charter
and statutory) and franchises and those of each of its Significant Subsidiaries; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be required
to preserve any such right or franchise, or existence of any Significant Subsidiary, if the Board of Directors determines that the loss
thereof would not reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the Holders.

SECTION 3.6. RESERVED.

23

SECTION 3.7. RESERVED.

SECTION 3.8. Further Instruments and Acts.
Upon request of the Trustee, the Issuer will execute and deliver such further instruments and perform such further acts as may be reasonably
necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Indenture.

SECTION 3.9. RESERVED.

SECTION 3.10. Calculation of Original Issue
Discount. The Issuer shall file with the Trustee promptly at the end of each calendar year (i) a written notice specifying the
amount of original issue discount (including daily rates and accrual periods), if any, accrued on Outstanding Securities as of the end
of such year and (ii) such other specific information relating to such original issue discount as may then be relevant under the
Code.

SECTION 3.11. Payment of Additional Amounts.
The Issuer will make all payments of Principal, interest and any other amounts on, or in respect of, the Securities without a withholding
or deduction at source for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Bermuda or any other jurisdiction in which the Issuer is otherwise considered to be a resident
for tax purposes or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein or any jurisdiction from or through which payment
on the Securities is made (a Taxing Jurisdiction), unless such taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges
are required to be withheld or deducted by (x) the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder) of a Taxing Jurisdiction
or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein or (y) an official position regarding the application, administration,
interpretation or enforcement of any such laws, regulations or rulings (including, without limitation, a holding by a court of competent
jurisdiction or by a taxing authority in a Taxing Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof). If a withholding or deduction at
source is required, the Issuer will, subject to certain limitations and exceptions described below, pay to the Holder of any Security
such Additional Amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment of Principal, interest or any other amount made to such Holder,
after the withholding or deduction (including any such withholding or deduction from such Additional Amounts), will not be less than the
amount provided for in such Security or in the Indenture to be then due and payable.

The Issuer will not be required to pay any Additional
Amounts for or on account of:

(1) any
tax, fee, duty, assessment or governmental charge of whatever nature that would not have been imposed but for the fact that such Holder
(a) was a resident, domiciliary or national of, or engaged in business or maintained a permanent establishment or was physically
present in, the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or otherwise had some connection with the relevant Taxing
Jurisdiction other than by reason of the mere ownership of, or receipt of payment under, such Security, (b) presented, where presentation
is required, such Security for payment in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof, unless such Security
could not have been presented for payment elsewhere, or (c) presented, where presentation is required, such Security for payment
more than 30 days after the date on which the payment in respect of such Security became due and payable or provided for, whichever
is later, except to the extent that the Holder would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts if it had presented such Security for
payment on any day within that 30-day period;

24

(2) any
estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge;

(3) any
tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Holder or beneficial owner of
such Security to comply with any reasonable request by the Issuer addressed to the Holder within 90 days of such request (a) to
provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder or the beneficial owner or (b) to make any declaration
or other similar claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which is required or imposed by statute, treaty, regulation
or administrative practice of the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof as a precondition to exemption from
all or part of such tax, assessment or other governmental charge;

(4) any
withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Security pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof or intergovernmental
agreements in connection therewith, and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code; or

(5) any
combination of items (1), (2), (3) and (4).

In addition, the Issuer will not pay Additional Amounts
with respect to any payment of Principal, interest or any other amounts on, any such Security to any Holder who is a fiduciary or partnership
or other than the sole beneficial owner of such Security if such payment would be required by the laws of the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction
(or any political subdivision or relevant taxing authority thereof or therein) to be included in the income for tax purposes of a beneficiary
or partner or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner to the extent such beneficiary,
partner or settlor would not have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had it been the Holder of the Security.

25

In order to comply with applicable tax laws (inclusive
of rules, regulations and interpretations promulgated by competent authorities) related to this Indenture in effect from time to time
(Applicable Law) that a foreign financial institution, issuer, trustee, paying agent or other party is or has agreed to
be subject to, the Issuer agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee sufficient information about the parties and/or transactions (including
any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee can determine whether it has tax-related obligations under Applicable
Law and (ii) that the Trustee shall be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments to the extent necessary to comply
with Applicable Law for which the Trustee shall not have any liability.

The Issuer will pay any present or future stamp,
court or documentary taxes or other similar taxes, charges or levies that arise in any Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined above) from the
execution, delivery, enforcement or registration of the Securities, the Indenture, or any other document or instrument required in relation
thereof, and the Issuer will agree to indemnify the Holders for any such taxes paid by such Holders. The obligations set forth in this
Section 3.11 will survive any termination, defeasance or discharge of this Indenture and will apply mutatis mutandis to any
jurisdiction in which any successor Person to the Issuer is organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority or agency thereof
or therein.

SECTION 3.12. Redemption for Tax Purposes.
The Issuer may redeem the Securities at its option, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount,
together with accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the redemption date, at any time the Issuer receives an Opinion
of Counsel that as a result of (1) any change in or amendment to the laws or treaties (or any regulations or rulings promulgated
under these laws or treaties) of Bermuda or any Taxing Jurisdiction (including any political subdivision thereof or taxation authority
therein affecting taxation) or (2) any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any action taken by any Taxing Jurisdiction, which action is applied generally or is taken with
respect to the Issuer, or a decision rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction in a Taxing Jurisdiction whether or not such decision
was rendered with respect to the Issuer), the Issuer will be required as of the next Interest Payment Date to pay Additional Amounts with
respect to the Securities as provided in Section 3.11 and such requirement cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures (consistent
with practices and interpretations generally followed or in effect at the time such measures could be taken) then available. If the Issuer
elects to redeem the Securities under this provision, the Issuer will give written notice of such election at least 30 days but no
more than 60 days before the redemption date to the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities. Interest on the Securities will cease
to accrue as of the redemption date unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the redemption price set forth in this Section 3.12.

26

ARTICLE 4

SECURITYHOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS BY THE ISSUER
AND THE TRUSTEE

SECTION 4.1. Issuer to Furnish Trustee Information
as to Names and Addresses of Securityholders. If and so long as the Trustee shall not be the Securities Registrar for the Securities
of any series, the Issuer and any other obligor on the Securities will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee a list in such
form as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders of the Securities of such series (1) semi-annually
not more than five days after each record date for the payment of interest on such Securities, as hereinabove specified, as of such record
date and on dates to be determined pursuant to Section 2.3 for non-interest bearing Securities in each year, and (2) at such
other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Issuer of any such request as of a date not
more than 15 days prior to the time such information is furnished and the Issuer shall otherwise comply with Section 312(a) of
the Trust Indenture Act.

SECTION 4.2. Preservation of Information;
Communications to Holders.

(a) The Trustee shall preserve, in as current
a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to the Trustee as
provided in Section 4.1 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its capacity as Securities Registrar or
paying agent and shall otherwise comply with Section 312(a) of the Trust Indenture Act. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished
to it as provided in Section 4.1 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.

(b) The rights of Holders to communicate with
other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or under the Securities, and the corresponding rights and privileges of
the Trustee, shall be as provided by the Trust Indenture Act.

(c) Every Holder of Securities, by receiving
and holding the same, agrees with the Issuer and the Trustee that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee nor any agent of any of them shall
be held accountable by reason of the disclosure of any such information as to the names and addresses of the Holders in accordance with
Section 4.1 and Section 4.2(b), regardless of the source from which such information was derived, and that the Trustee shall
not be held accountable by reason of transmitting any material pursuant to a request made under Section 4.2(b).

SECTION 4.3. Reports by the Trustee.
Within 60 days after April 30 in each year beginning in 2026, and for so long as any Securities remain outstanding, the Trustee
shall deliver to the Holders of such Securities a brief report dated as of such reporting date that complies with Section 313(a) of
the Trust Indenture Act (but if no event described in Section 313(a) of the Trust Indenture Act has occurred within the 12 months
preceding the reporting date, no report need be transmitted). The Trustee also will comply with Section 313(b)(2) of the Trust
Indenture Act. The Trustee shall also deliver all reports as required by Section 313(c) of the Trust Indenture Act.

27

A copy of each such report shall, at the time of
such transmission to Holders, be filed by the Trustee with each stock exchange, if any, upon which the Securities are listed, with the
Commission and with the Issuer in accordance with Section 313(d) of the Trust Indenture Act. The Issuer will promptly notify
the Trustee when the Securities are listed on any stock exchange and of any delisting thereof.

ARTICLE 5

REMEDIES OF THE TRUSTEE AND SECURITYHOLDERS
ON EVENT OF DEFAULT

SECTION 5.1. Event of Default Defined; Acceleration
of Maturity; Waiver of Default. Event of Default, with respect to Securities of any series wherever used herein, means
each one of the following events which shall have occurred and be continuing (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether
it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any
order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) unless it is either inapplicable to a particular series or
it is specifically deleted or modified in an indenture supplemental hereto, if any, under which such series of Securities is issued:

(a) default in the payment of any installment
of interest upon any of the Securities of such series as and when the same shall become due and payable, and continuance of such default
for a period of 30 days and the interest payment date has not been properly extended or deferred; provided, however, that if the
Issuer is permitted or required by the terms of the Securities of the applicable series to defer the payment in question, the date on
which such payment is due and payable shall be the date on which the Issuer is required to make payment following such deferral, if such
deferral has been elected or required pursuant to the terms of the Securities of that series;

(b) default in the payment of all or any part
of the Principal on any of the Securities of such series as and when the same shall become due and payable either at maturity, upon any
redemption, by declaration or otherwise; provided, however, that if the Issuer is permitted or required by the terms of the Securities
of the applicable series to defer the payment in question, the date on which such payment is due and payable shall be the date on which
the Issuer is required to make payment following such deferral, if such deferral has been elected or required pursuant to the terms of
the Securities of that series;

(c) default in the payment of any sinking fund
installment as and when the same shall become due and payable by the terms of the Securities of such series;

28

(d) failure on the part of the Issuer duly
to observe or perform any other of the covenants or agreements on the part of the Issuer in the Securities of such series (other than
a covenant or agreement in respect of the Securities of such series a default in the performance or breach of which is elsewhere in this
Section specifically dealt with) or contained in this Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement included in this Indenture solely
for the benefit of a series of Securities other than such series) for a period of 60 days after the date on which written notice
specifying such failure, stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder and demanding that the Issuer remedy
the same, shall have been given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the Issuer by the Trustee, or to the Issuer
and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series;

(e) a decree or order by a court having jurisdiction
in the premises shall have been entered adjudging the Issuer as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking
reorganization of the Issuer under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, and such decree
or order shall have continued undischarged and unstayed for a period of 90 days; or a decree or order of a court having jurisdiction
in the premises for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator or trustee or assignee in bankruptcy or insolvency of the Issuer or of
its property, or for the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, shall have been entered, and such decree or order shall have remained
in force and unstayed for a period of 90 days;

(f) the Issuer shall commence a voluntary case
under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or consent to the entry of an order for relief
in an involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of the Issuer or for any substantial part of its property, or make any general assignment
for the benefit of creditors, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or

(g) any other Event of Default provided in
the supplemental indenture under which such series of Securities is issued or in the form of Security for such series; provided that if
any such default shall cease or be cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the Event of Default hereunder by reason thereof shall be
deemed likewise to have been thereupon cured.

If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default
under clause (e) or (f) above) occurs and is continuing with respect to any series of Securities then Outstanding, then,
and in each and every such case, either the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities
of such series by notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by Securityholders), may declare the entire principal (or,
if the Securities of such series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the
terms of such series) of all Securities of such series, and the interest accrued thereon, if any, to be due and payable immediately, and
upon any such declaration the same shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in clause (e) or
(f) occurs, all unpaid principal (or, if any Securities are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal as
may be specified in the terms thereof) of all the Securities then Outstanding, and interest accrued thereon, if any, shall be due and
payable immediately, without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Securityholder.

29

The foregoing provisions, however, are subject to
the condition that if, at any time after the principal (or, if the Securities are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of
the principal as may be specified in the terms thereof) of the Securities of any series shall have been so declared due and payable, and
before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, the Issuer
shall pay or shall deposit with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay all matured installments of interest upon all the Securities of such
series and the principal of any and all Securities of each such series which shall have become due otherwise than by acceleration (with
interest upon such principal and, to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law, on overdue installments
of interest, at the same rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) specified
in the Securities of such series to the date of such payment or deposit) and such amount as shall be sufficient to cover all amounts due
to the Trustee, including reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and if
any and all Events of Default under the Indenture with respect to such series of Securities, other than the nonpayment of the principal
of such Securities which shall have become due by acceleration, shall have been cured, waived or otherwise remedied as provided herein,
then and in every such case the Holders of a majority of the principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series then Outstanding,
by written notice to the Issuer and to the Trustee, may waive all defaults with respect to each such series and rescind and annul such
declaration and its consequences, but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent default
or shall impair any right consequent thereon.

For all purposes under this Indenture, if a portion
of the principal of any Original Issue Discount Securities shall have been accelerated and declared due and payable pursuant to the provisions
hereof, then, from and after such declaration, unless such declaration has been rescinded and annulled, the principal amount of such Original
Issue Discount Securities shall be deemed, for all purposes hereunder, to be such portion of the principal thereof as shall be due and
payable as a result of such acceleration, and payment of such portion of the principal thereof as shall be due and payable as a result
of such acceleration, together with interest, if any, thereon and all other amounts owing thereunder, shall constitute payment in full
of such Original Issue Discount Securities.

SECTION 5.2. Collection of Indebtedness by
Trustee; Trustee May Prove Debt. (a) The Issuer covenants that (i) in case default shall be made in the payment of
any installment of interest on any of the Securities of any series when such interest shall have become due and payable, and such default
shall have continued for a period of 30 days or (ii) in case default shall be made in the payment of all or any part of the
principal or any Additional Amounts of any of the Securities of any series when the same shall have become due and payable, whether upon
maturity of the Securities of such series or upon any redemption or by declaration or otherwise, then upon demand of the Trustee, the
Issuer will pay to the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Securities of such series the whole amount that then shall have become
due and payable on all Securities of such series, for principal, interest or Additional Amounts, as the case may be (with interest to
the date of such payment upon the overdue principal and, to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law,
on overdue installments of interest at the same rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount
Securities) specified in the Securities of such series); and in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover
all amounts due to the Trustee, including reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and
counsel.

30

Until such demand is made by the Trustee, the Issuer
may pay the principal of and interest on the Securities of any series to the registered Holders, whether or not the Securities of such
series be overdue.

(b) In case the Issuer shall fail forthwith
to pay such amounts upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, shall be entitled and empowered
to institute any action or proceedings at law or in equity for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, and may prosecute any such
action or proceedings to judgment or final decree, and may enforce any such judgment or final decree against the Issuer or other obligor
upon the Securities and collect in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Issuer or other obligor upon the Securities,
wherever situated the monies adjudged or decreed to be payable.

(c) In case there shall be pending proceedings
relative to the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Securities under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other applicable
U.S. federal or state or Bermuda bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy
or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Issuer or its
property or such other obligor, or in case of any other comparable judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the
Securities, or to the creditors or property of the Issuer or such other obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of
the Securities shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee
shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings
or otherwise:

(i) to
file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and interest and Additional Amounts (or, if the Securities of any series
are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such series) owing and
unpaid in respect of the Securities of any series, and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order
to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee,
its agents, and counsel) and of the Securityholders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the
Securities, or to the creditors or property of the Issuer or such other obligor,

(ii) unless
prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to vote on behalf of the Holders of the Securities of any series in any election of a trustee
or a standby trustee in arrangement, reorganization, liquidation or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings or person performing similar
functions in comparable proceedings, and

31

(iii) to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute all amounts received with
respect to the claims of the Securityholders and of the Trustee on their behalf; and any trustee, receiver, or liquidator, custodian or
other similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Securityholders to make payments to the Trustee, and, in the event that the
Trustee shall consent to the making of payments directly to the Securityholders, to pay to the Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover all amounts due to the Trustee, including any amounts owed to the Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents, and counsel.

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize
the Trustee to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf of any Securityholder any plan of reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition affecting the Securities of any series or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote
in respect of the claim of any Securityholder in any such proceeding except, as aforesaid, to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy
or similar person.

(d) All rights of action and of asserting claims
under this Indenture, or under any of the Securities of any series, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of such
Securities or the production thereof in any trial or other proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or proceedings instituted
by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of
all amounts due to the Trustee, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents
and counsel, shall be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities in respect of which such action was taken.

(e) In any proceedings brought by the Trustee
(and also any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee
shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Securities in respect to which such action was taken, and it shall not be necessary
to make any Holders of such Securities parties to any such proceedings.

SECTION 5.3. Application of Proceeds.
Any monies or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article or distributable in respect of the Issuers obligations
under this Indenture, in respect of any series shall, subject to Article 11, be applied in the following order at the date or dates
fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such monies on account of principal or interest or Additional Amounts, upon presentation
of the several Securities in respect of which monies have been collected and stamping (or otherwise noting) thereon the payment, or issuing
Securities of such series in reduced principal amounts in exchange for the presented Securities of like series if only partially paid,
or upon surrender thereof if fully paid:

32

FIRST: To the payment of all amounts due to the Trustee
under Section 6.6;

SECOND: In case the principal of the Securities of
such series in respect of which monies have been collected shall not have become and be then due and payable, to the payment of interest
and Additional Amounts on the Securities of such series in default in the order of the maturity of the installments of such interest,
with interest (to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon the overdue installments of interest at the same
rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) specified in such Securities, such
payments to be made ratably to the persons entitled thereto, without discrimination or preference;

THIRD: In case the principal of the Securities of
such series in respect of which monies have been collected shall have become and shall be then due and payable, to the payment of the
whole amount then owing and unpaid upon all the Securities of such series for principal and interest and Additional Amounts, with interest
upon the overdue principal, and (to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon overdue installments of interest
at the same rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) specified in the Securities
of such series; and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amount so due and unpaid upon the Securities of
such series, then to the payment of such principal, interest, Additional Amounts or Yield to Maturity, without preference or priority
of principal over interest, Additional Amounts or Yield to Maturity, or of interest, Additional Amounts or Yield to Maturity over principal,
or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Security of such series over any other Security of
such series, ratably to the aggregate of such principal, accrued and unpaid interest, Additional Amounts or Yield to Maturity; and

FOURTH: To the payment of the remainder, if any,
to the Issuer.

SECTION 5.4. Suits for Enforcement. In
case an Event of Default or other failure of compliance with any term or provision of this Indenture has occurred, has not been waived
and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this Indenture by such
appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any of such rights, either at law or
in equity or in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture
or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Indenture or to enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee
by this Indenture or by law.

33

SECTION 5.5. Restoration of Rights on Abandonment
of Proceedings. In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this Indenture and such proceedings shall have
been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the
Issuer and the Trustee shall be restored respectively to their former positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers
of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Securityholders shall continue as though no such proceedings had been taken.

SECTION 5.6. Limitations on Suits by Securityholders.
No Holder of any Security of any series shall have any right by virtue or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to institute
any action or proceeding at law or in equity or in bankruptcy or otherwise upon or under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the
appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official or for any other remedy hereunder, unless such Holder
previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of default and of the continuance thereof, as hereinbefore provided, and unless
also the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall have made written request
upon the Trustee to institute such action or proceedings in its own name as trustee hereunder and shall have offered to the Trustee such
indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred therein or thereby and the Trustee
for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity shall have failed to institute any such action or proceeding
and no direction inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee pursuant to Section 5.9; it being understood
and intended, and being expressly covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Security with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee,
that no one or more Holders of Securities of any series shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue or by availing of any provision
of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other such Holder of Securities, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority
over or preference to any other such Holder or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for
the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders of Securities of the applicable series. For the protection and enforcement of the
provisions of this Section, each and every Securityholder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law
or in equity.

SECTION 5.7. Unconditional Right of Securityholders
to Institute Certain Suits. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture and any provision of any Security, the right of
any Holder of any Security to receive payment of the principal of and interest on such Security on or after the respective due dates expressed
in such Security, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates shall not be impaired
or affected without the consent of such Holder.

SECTION 5.8. Powers and Remedies Cumulative;
Delay or Omission Not Waiver of Default. Except as provided in Section 5.6, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved
to the Trustee or to the Holders of Securities is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall,
to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing
at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

34

No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder
of Securities to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Event of Default occurring and continuing as aforesaid shall impair any
such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein; and, subject to Section 5.6,
every power and remedy given by this Indenture or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders of Securities may be exercised from time to
time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders of Securities.

SECTION 5.9. Control by Holders of Securities.
The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series affected shall have the right to direct
the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred
on the Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series by this Indenture; provided that such direction shall not be otherwise than
in accordance with law and the provisions of this Indenture; provided further that the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow
any such direction if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, shall determine that the action or proceeding so directed may not lawfully
be taken or if the Trustee in good faith by its board of directors, the executive committee, or a trust committee of directors or Responsible
Officers of the Trustee shall determine that the action or proceedings so directed would involve the Trustee in personal liability or
if the Trustee in good faith shall so determine that the actions or forbearances specified in or pursuant to such direction would be unduly
prejudicial to the interests of Holders of the Securities of such series not joining in the giving of said direction, it being understood
that the Trustee shall have no duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are unduly prejudicial to such Holders.

Nothing in this Indenture shall impair the right
of the Trustee in its discretion to take any action deemed proper by the Trustee and which is not inconsistent with such direction or
directions by Securityholders.

SECTION 5.10. Waiver of Past Defaults.
Prior to the acceleration of the maturity of any Securities as provided in Section 5.1, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series with respect to which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing may
on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series waive any past default or Event of Default described in Section 5.1 and
its consequences with respect to such series of Securities, except a default in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which cannot
be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Security affected. In the case of any such waiver, the Issuer, the Trustee
and the Holders of all Securities of such series shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder, respectively; but no
such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease to
exist with respect to such series of Securities and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, and any Event of Default arising
therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, and not to have occurred for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend
to any subsequent or other default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Such a waiver, rescission or annulment
may not occur where there is a continuing default in payment of principal, any premium or interest on the Securities.

35

SECTION 5.11. Trustee to Give Notice of Default,
but May Withhold in Certain Circumstances. The Trustee shall, within 90 days after the occurrence of a default (of which
it has received notice in accordance with Section 6.1(b)(iv)) with respect to the Securities of any series, give notice of all defaults
with respect to that series to all Holders of Securities of such series in the manner and to the extent provided in Section 313(c) of
the Trust Indenture Act, unless in each case such defaults shall have been cured before the mailing or publication of such notice (the
term defaults for the purpose of this Section being hereby defined to mean any event or condition which is, or with
notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default); provided that, except in the case of default in the payment of the
principal of or interest or Additional Amounts on any of the Securities of such series, or in the payment of any sinking fund installment
on such series, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as the board of directors, the executive committee,
or a trust committee of directors or trustees and/or Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that the withholding
of such notice is in the interests of the Securityholders of such series.

SECTION 5.12. Right of Court to Require Filing
of Undertaking to Pay Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Security by his or her acceptance thereof
shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under
this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party
litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs,
including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and
good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the provisions of this Section shall not apply to a suit by
the Trustee, a suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 5.7 or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in principal amount of the Outstanding
Securities of any series.

ARTICLE 6

CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE

SECTION 6.1. Duties and Responsibilities
of the Trustee; During Default; Prior to Default.

(a) With respect to any series of Securities
issued hereunder, the Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the Securities of a particular series and
after the curing or waiving of all Events of Default which may have occurred with respect to such series, undertakes to perform such duties
and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture with respect to such series and no implied covenants or obligations
shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee. In case an Event of Default with respect to the Securities of a series has occurred
(which has not been cured or waived) the Trustee shall exercise with respect to such series of Securities such of the rights and powers
vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use
under the circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs.

36

(b) No provision of this Indenture shall be
construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct,
except that:

(i) prior
to the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the Securities of any series and after the curing or waiving of all such Events
of Default with respect to such series which may have occurred:

(1) the
duties and obligations of the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series shall be determined solely by the express provisions
of this Indenture, and the Trustee shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set
forth in this Indenture, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(2) in
the absence of bad faith on the part of the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness
of the opinions expressed therein, upon any statements, certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements
of this Indenture; but in the case of any such statements, certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically required
to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the
requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein,
unless specifically required by this Indenture);

(ii) the
Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Responsible Officers of the Trustee,
unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(iii) the
Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction
of the Holders pursuant to Section 5.9 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available
to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture; and

(iv) the
Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge or notice of a default or Event of Default hereunder, unless a Responsible Officer of the
Trustee shall have received written notice thereof at the Corporate Trust Office.

37

(c) None of the provisions contained in this
Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance of any of
its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that the repayment of
such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

The provisions of this Section are in furtherance
of and subject to Section 315 of the Trust Indenture Act. Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture
relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this
Section.

SECTION 6.2. Certain Rights of the Trustee.
Subject to Section 6.1:

(a) the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to
the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, and shall be protected in acting or refraining from
acting upon any resolution, Officers Certificate or any other certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request,
consent, order, bond, debenture, note, coupon, security or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed
or presented by the proper party or parties;

(b) any request, direction, order or demand
of the Issuer mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Issuer Order (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein
specifically prescribed); and any resolution of the Board of Directors may be evidenced to the Trustee by a Board Resolution;

(c) the Trustee may consult with legal counsel
of its choice, and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect
of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion;

(d) the Trustee shall be under no obligation
to exercise any of the trusts or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request, order or direction of any of the Securityholders
pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless such Securityholders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity reasonably
satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred therein or thereby;

(e) the Trustee shall not be liable for any
action taken or omitted by it in good faith and believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion, rights or powers conferred upon
it by this Indenture;

(f) the Trustee may execute any of the trusts
or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be
responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent or attorney appointed with due care by it hereunder;

38

(g) the rights, privileges, protections, immunities
and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable
by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder;

(h) the Trustee may request that the Issuer
deliver an Officers Certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take
specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officers Certificate may be signed by any person authorized to sign an Officers
Certificate, including any person specified as so authorized in any such certificate previously delivered and not superseded;

(i) the Trustee shall not be bound to make
any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request,
direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion,
may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make
such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Issuer, at a time reasonably
determined by the Issuer, personally or by agent or attorney at the sole cost of the Issuer and shall incur no liability or additional
liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation;

(j) whenever in the administration of this
Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action
hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, conclusively
rely upon an Officers Certificate;

(k) anything in this Indenture notwithstanding,
in no event shall the Trustee be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including
but not limited to loss of profit), even if the Trustee has been advised as to the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of
the form of action;

(l) the Trustee shall not be responsible or
liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Indenture arising out of or caused, directly or indirectly,
by circumstances beyond its control, including, without limitation, acts of God; earthquakes; fire; flood; terrorism; wars and other military
disturbances; sabotage; epidemics; riots; interruptions; loss or malfunctions of utilities; malfunctions of computer (hardware or software)
or communication services; accidents; labor disputes; acts of civil or military authority and governmental action; it being understood
that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are consistent with accepted practices in the industry to resume performance as soon
as practicable under the circumstances;

(m) the permissive rights of the Trustee to
do things enumerated in this Indenture shall not be construed as duties hereunder; and

39

(n) delivery of financial reports, information
and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and does not imply a duty to review, and the Trustee's receipt of such
shall not constitute actual or constructive notice or knowledge of any information contained therein or determinable from information
contained therein, including the Issuer's compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely
exclusively on an Officers Certificate).

SECTION 6.3. Trustee Not Responsible for
Recitals, Disposition of Securities or Application of Proceeds Thereof. The recitals contained herein and in the Securities, except
the Trustees certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility
for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of any Securities.
The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Issuer of any of the Securities or of the proceeds thereof. The
Trustee bears no responsibility for, nor shall it have liability in connection with, any offering document delivered to Holders in connection
with any Securities.

SECTION 6.4. Trustee and Agents May Hold
Securities; Collections, Etc. The Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may
become the owner or pledgee of Securities with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee or such agent and may otherwise
deal with the Issuer and receive, collect, hold and retain collections from the Issuer with the same rights it would have if it were not
the Trustee or such agent. However, in the event the Trustee acquires any conflicting interests it must eliminate such conflict within
90 days, apply to the Commission for permission to continue as Trustee (if this Indenture has been qualified under the Trust Indenture
Act) or resign.

SECTION 6.5. Monies Held by Trustee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 3.3, all monies received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be
held in trust for the purposes for which they were received, but need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required
by mandatory provisions of law. Neither the Trustee nor any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be under any liability for interest
on any monies received by it hereunder.

40

SECTION 6.6. Compensation and Indemnification
of Trustee and its Prior Claim. The Issuer covenants and agrees to pay to the Trustee from time to time, and the Trustee shall be
entitled to, such compensation as shall be agreed in writing between the Issuer and the Trustee from time to time (which shall not be
limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust) and the Issuer covenants and agrees to
pay or reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by or on behalf
of the Trustee in accordance with any of the provisions of this Indenture (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and
disbursements of its counsel and of all agents and other persons not regularly in its employ) except any such expense, disbursement or
advance as may arise from its negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. The Issuer also covenants to indemnify the Trustee and its
directors, officers, employees, and agents (the indemnitees) for, and to hold the indemnitees harmless against, any and
all loss, liability, claim, damage, penalty, fine or expense, including reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, reasonable incidental expenses
and reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred without negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the indemnitees part, arising
out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture or the trusts hereunder and the indemnitees duties
hereunder, including the costs and expenses of defending themselves against or investigating any claim, whether asserted by the Issuer
or any Holder or any other Person, or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of the indemnitees duties or obligations
hereunder. The obligations of the Issuer under this Section to compensate and indemnify the indemnitees and to pay or reimburse the
indemnitees for expenses, disbursements and advances shall constitute additional indebtedness hereunder and shall survive the satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee. Such additional indebtedness shall be a senior claim to
that of the Securities upon all property and funds held or collected by the Trustee as such, except funds held in trust for the benefit
of the Holders of particular Securities, and the Securities are hereby subordinated to such senior claim.

When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services
in connection with an Event of Default specified in Section 5.1(e) or (f), the expenses (including the reasonable charges and
expenses of its counsel) and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable
U.S. federal or state or Bermuda bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law. For purposes of this Section, the term Trustee
shall also include any predecessor Trustee.

The Trustee shall also comply with the provisions
of Section 313(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act, to the extent applicable.

SECTION 6.7. Indentures Not Creating Potential
Conflicting Interests for the Trustee. The following indentures are hereby specifically described for the purposes of Section 6.8
hereof and Section 310(b)(1) of the Trust Indenture Act: this Indenture with respect to the Securities of any series.

SECTION 6.8. Persons Eligible for Appointment
as Trustee. The Trustee for each series of Securities hereunder shall at all times be a corporation or banking association organized
and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any State or the District of Columbia having a combined capital
and surplus of at least $50,000,000, and which is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and is subject to supervision
or examination by U.S. federal, state or District of Columbia authority. Such corporation or banking association shall have a place of
business or an affiliate with a place of business in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York if there be such a corporation or
association in such location willing to act upon reasonable and customary terms and conditions. If such corporation or association publishes
reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then
for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation or association shall be deemed to be its combined
capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. In case at any time the Trustee shall cease to be
eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, the Trustee shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified
in Section 6.9.

41

This Indenture will always have a Trustee who satisfies
the requirements of Sections 310(a)(1), (2) and (5) of the Trust Indenture Act. The Trustee is subject to Section 310(b) of
the Trust Indenture Act.

SECTION 6.9. Resignation and Removal; Appointment
of Successor Trustee.

(a) The Trustee, or any trustee or trustees
hereafter appointed, may at any time resign with respect to one or more or all series of Securities by giving 30 days written
notice of resignation to the Issuer, and by mailing notice of such resignation to the Holders of then Outstanding Securities of each
series affected at their addresses as they shall appear in the Securities Register. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Issuer
shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee or Trustees with respect to the applicable series by written instrument in duplicate, executed
by authority of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor
Trustee or Trustees. If no successor Trustee shall have been so appointed with respect to any series and have accepted appointment within
30 days after the mailing of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition, at the Issuers expense, any court
of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee, or any Securityholder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security
or Securities of the applicable series for at least six months may, subject to the provisions of Section 5.6, petition any such court
for the appointment of a successor Trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe,
appoint a successor Trustee.

(b) In case at any time any of the following
shall occur:

(i) the
Trustee shall fail to comply with the provisions of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to any series of
Securities after written request therefor by the Issuer or by any Securityholder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security or Securities
of such series for at least six months; or

(ii) the
Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.8 and shall fail to resign after written request
therefor by the Issuer or by any Securityholder; or

(iii) the
Trustee shall become incapable of acting with respect to any series of Securities, or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver
or liquidator of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee
or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation;

42

then, in any such case, the Issuer may remove the Trustee
with respect to the applicable series of Securities and appoint a successor Trustee for such series by written instrument, in duplicate,
executed by order of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and
one copy to the successor Trustee, or, subject to the provisions of Section 315(e) of the Trust Indenture Act, any Securityholder
who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security or Securities of such series for at least six months may on behalf of himself or herself
and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of
a successor Trustee with respect to such series. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper, remove the
Trustee and appoint a successor Trustee.

(c) The Holders of a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding may at any time remove the Trustee with respect to Securities
of such series and appoint a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series by delivering to the Trustee so removed,
to the successor Trustee so appointed and to the Issuer the evidence provided for in Section 7.1 of the action in that regard taken
by such Securityholders.

(d) Any resignation or removal of the Trustee
with respect to any series and any appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to such series pursuant to any of the provisions of
this Section shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee as provided in Section 6.10.

SECTION 6.10. Acceptance of Appointment by
Successor Trustee. Any successor Trustee appointed as provided in Section 6.9 shall execute and deliver to the Issuer and to
the retiring Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee
with respect to all or any applicable series shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance,
shall become vested with all rights, powers, duties and obligations with respect to such series of its predecessor hereunder, with like
effect as if originally named as Trustee for such series hereunder; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the Issuer or of the
successor Trustee, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, the Trustee ceasing to act shall, subject to Section 3.3, pay over to
the successor Trustee all monies at the time held by it hereunder and shall execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor
trustee all such rights, powers, duties and obligations. Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the Issuer shall execute any and
all instruments in writing for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights and powers.
Any Trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain a prior claim upon all property or funds held or collected by such Trustee to secure
any amounts then due to it pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.6.

43

If a successor Trustee is appointed with respect
to the Securities of one or more (but not all) series, the Issuer, the retiring Trustee and each successor Trustee with respect to the
Securities of any applicable series shall execute and deliver an indenture supplemental hereto which shall contain such provisions as
shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm that all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect
to the Securities of any series as to which the retiring Trustee is not retiring shall continue to be vested in the retiring Trustee,
and shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration
of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, it being understood that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute
such Trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such Trustee shall be Trustee of a trust or trusts under separate indentures.

No successor Trustee with respect to any series of
Securities shall accept appointment as provided in this Section unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall
be qualified under Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act and eligible under the provisions of Section 6.8.

Upon acceptance of appointment by any successor Trustee
as provided in this Section, the Issuer shall give notice thereof, if any Securities of a series affected are then Outstanding, to the
Holders thereof, by mailing such notice to such Holders at their addresses as they shall appear in the Securities Register. If the acceptance
of appointment is substantially contemporaneous with the resignation, then the notice called for by the preceding sentence may be combined
with the notice called for by Section 6.9. If the Issuer fails to give such notice within ten days after acceptance of appointment
by the successor Trustee, the successor Trustee shall cause such notice to be given at the expense of the Issuer.

SECTION 6.11. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation
or Succession to Business of Trustee. Any Person into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated,
or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to
all or substantially all the corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder, provided that such
Person shall be qualified under Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act and eligible under the provisions of Section 6.8,
without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding.

In case at the time such successor to the Trustee
shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture any of the Securities of any series shall have been authenticated but not delivered,
any such successor to the Trustee may adopt such certificate of authentication and deliver such Securities so authenticated; and, in case
at that time any of the Securities of any series shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee may authenticate such
Securities either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor Trustee; and in all such cases such certificate
shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Securities of such series or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of
the Trustee shall have; provided, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Trustee or to authenticate
Securities of any series in the name of any predecessor Trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion
or consolidation.

44

SECTION 6.12. Preferential Collection of
Claims Against the Issuer. The Trustee shall comply with Section 311(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, excluding any creditor
relationship listed in Section 311(b) of the Trust Indenture Act. A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject
to Section 311(a) of the Trust Indenture Act to the extent indicated therein.

SECTION 6.13. Appointment of Authenticating
Agent. As long as any Securities of a series remain Outstanding, the Trustee may, by an instrument in writing, appoint with the approval
of the Issuer an authenticating agent (the Authenticating Agent) which shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee
to authenticate Securities, including Securities issued upon exchange, registration of transfer, partial redemption or pursuant to Section 2.9.
Securities of each such series authenticated by such Authenticating Agent shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and shall
be valid and obligatory for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee. Whenever reference is made in this Indenture to the authentication
and delivery of Securities of any series by the Trustee or to the Trustees certificate of authentication, such reference shall
be deemed to include authentication and delivery on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent for such series and a certificate
of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by such Authenticating Agent. Such Authenticating Agent shall at all times be a corporation
organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any State, authorized under such laws to exercise corporate
trust powers, having a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 (determined as provided in Section 6.8 with respect to
the Trustee) and subject to supervision or examination by U.S. federal or state or Bermuda authority.

Any corporation into which any Authenticating Agent
may be merged, amalgamated or converted, or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, amalgamation
or conversion or consolidation to which any Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially
all the corporate agency business of any Authenticating Agent, shall continue to be the Authenticating Agent with respect to all series
of Securities for which it served as Authenticating Agent without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part
of the Trustee or such Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may at any time terminate the Authenticating Agent. Any Authenticating Agent
may at any time, and if it shall cease to be eligible shall, resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the
Issuer.

Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon
such a termination, or in case at any time any Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this
Section with respect to one or more series of Securities, the Trustee shall upon receipt of an Issuer Order appoint a successor Authenticating
Agent and the Issuer shall provide notice of such appointment to all Holders of Securities of such series in the manner and to the extent
provided in Section 12.4. Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall become vested with
all rights, powers, duties and responsibilities of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Authenticating
Agent. The Issuer agrees to pay to the Authenticating Agent for such series from time to time reasonable compensation. The Authenticating
Agent for the Securities of any series shall have no responsibility or liability for any action taken by it as such at the direction of
the Trustee.

45

Section 6.2, Section 6.3, Section 6.4,
Section 6.6 and Section 7.3 shall be applicable to any Authenticating Agent.

ARTICLE 7

CONCERNING THE SECURITYHOLDERS

SECTION 7.1. Evidence of Action Taken by
Securityholders. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture
to be given or taken by a specified percentage in principal amount of the Securityholders of any or all series may be embodied in and
evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such specified percentage of Securityholders in person or
by agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument
or instruments are delivered to the Trustee. Proof of execution of any instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient
for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 6.1 and Section 6.2) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuer,
if made in the manner provided in this Article.

SECTION 7.2. Proof of Execution of Instruments
and of Holding of Securities. Subject to Section 6.1 and Section 6.2, the execution of any instrument by a Securityholder
or his or her agent or proxy may be proved in the following manner:

(a) The fact and date of the execution by any
Holder of any instrument may be proved by the certificate of any notary public or other officer of any jurisdiction authorized to take
acknowledgments of deeds or administer oaths that the person executing such instruments acknowledged to him or her the execution thereof,
or by an affidavit of a witness to such execution sworn to before any such notary or other such officer. Where such execution is by or
on behalf of any legal entity other than an individual, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of the authority
of the person executing the same.

(b) Reserved.

(c) The ownership of any Security shall be
proved by the Securities Register.

46

The Issuer may set a record date for purposes of
determining the identity of Holders of Securities of any series entitled to vote or consent to any action referred to in Section 7.1,
which record date may be set at any time or from time to time by notice to the Trustee, for any date or dates (in the case of any adjournment
or reconsideration) not more than 60 days nor less than ten days prior to the proposed date of such vote or consent, and thereafter,
notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, with respect to Securities of any series, only Holders of Securities of such series of record
on such record date shall be entitled to so vote or give such consent or revoke such vote or consent.

SECTION 7.3. Holders to Be Treated as Owners.
The Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may deem and treat the person in whose name any Security shall be registered
in the Securities Register for such series as the absolute owner of such Security (whether or not such Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding
any notation of ownership or other writing thereon) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal and interest
on such Security, and for all other purposes whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the delivery of notices to the Holders; and neither
the Issuer nor the Trustee nor any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

SECTION 7.4. Securities Owned by Issuer Deemed
Not Outstanding. In determining whether the Holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Securities of any or
all series have concurred in any direction, consent or waiver under this Indenture, Securities which are owned by the Issuer or any other
obligor on the Securities with respect to which such determination is being made or by any person directly or indirectly controlling or
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer or any other obligor on the Securities with respect to which
such determination is being made shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding for the purpose of any such determination, except
that for the purpose of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent or waiver only Securities
which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Securities so owned which have been pledged
in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right so
to act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Securities or any person directly
or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer or any other obligor on the Securities.
In case of a dispute as to such right, the advice of counsel shall be full protection in respect of any decision made by the Trustee in
accordance with such advice. Upon request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers Certificate
listing and identifying all Securities, if any, known by the Issuer to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above-described
Persons; and, subject to Section 6.1 and Section 6.2, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officers Certificate
as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Securities not listed therein are Outstanding for the purpose
of any such determination.

47

SECTION 7.5. Right of Revocation of Action
Taken. At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 7.1, of the taking of any action
by the Holders of the percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any or all series, as the case may be, specified in
this Indenture in connection with such action, any Holder of a Security the CUSIP or ISIN number or other identification number, if any,
of which is shown by the evidence to be included among the CUSIP or ISIN number or other identification numbers, if any, of the Securities
the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice at the Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding
as provided in this Article, revoke such action so far as concerns such Security. Except as aforesaid any such action taken by the Holder
of any Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Security and of any Securities
issued in exchange or substitution therefor or on registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether or not any notation in regard
thereto is made upon any such Security. Any action taken by the Holders of the percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Securities
of any or all series, as the case may be, specified in this Indenture in connection with such action shall be conclusively binding upon
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of all the Securities affected by such action.

ARTICLE 8

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

SECTION 8.1. Supplemental Indentures Without
Consent of Securityholders.

(a) In addition to any supplemental indenture
otherwise authorized by this Indenture, the Issuer, when authorized by a resolution of its Board of Directors (which resolution may provide
general terms or parameters for such action and may provide that the specific terms of such action may be determined in accordance with
or pursuant to an Issuer Order), and the Trustee may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental
hereto, without the consent of the Holders, for one or more of the following purposes:

(i) to
convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge to the Trustee as security for the Securities of one or more series any property or assets;

(ii) to
evidence the succession of another Person to the Issuer, or successive successions, and the assumption by the successor Person of the
covenants, agreements and obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Article 9;

(iii) to
add to the covenants of the Issuer or other provisions hereof such further covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions as the Issuer
shall consider to be for the protection of the Holders of any series of Securities, and to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and
continuance, of a default in any such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions an Event of Default permitting the
enforcement of all or any of the several remedies provided in this Indenture as herein set forth; provided, that in respect of any such
additional covenant, restriction, condition or provision such supplemental indenture may provide for a particular period of grace after
default (which period may be shorter or longer than that allowed in the case of other defaults) or may provide for an immediate enforcement
upon such an Event of Default or may limit the remedies upon such an Event of Default or may limit the right of the Holders of a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of such series to waive such an Event of Default;

48

(iv) to
cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision contained herein or in any supplemental indenture which may be defective
or inconsistent with any other provision contained herein or in any supplemental indenture, or in the final prospectus or prospectus supplement
or other definitive offering document with respect to the Securities, or to make any other provisions as the Issuer may deem necessary
or desirable with respect to matters or questions arising under this Indenture, provided that, as evidenced by an Officers Certificate,
no such action shall materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Securities of any series;

(v) to
establish the forms or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by Section 2.1 and Section 2.3;

(vi) to
evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more
series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration
of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Section 6.10;

(vii) to
make any change to the provisions of Article 11 that limits or terminates the benefits applicable to any holder of Senior Debt or
Subordinated Indebtedness;

(viii) to
comply with the requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act; and

(ix) to
make any other changes that do not, as evidenced by an Officers Certificate, materially and adversely affect the Holders of any
Securities.

(b) The Trustee is hereby authorized to join
with the Issuer in the execution of any such supplemental indenture, to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations which
may be therein contained and to accept the conveyance, transfer, assignment, mortgage or pledge of any property thereunder, but the Trustee
shall not be obligated to enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities
under this Indenture or otherwise.

(c) Any supplemental indenture authorized by
the provisions of this Section may be executed without the consent of the Holders of any of the Securities at the time Outstanding,
notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 8.2.

49

SECTION 8.2. Supplemental Indentures With
Consent of Securityholders.

(a) With the consent (evidenced as provided
in Article 7) of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of a series,
the Issuer, when authorized by a resolution of its Board of Directors (which resolution may provide general terms or parameters for such
action and may provide that the specific terms of such action may be determined in accordance with or pursuant to an Issuer Order), and
the Trustee may, from time to time and at any time, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding
any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or of any supplemental indenture with
respect to such series or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Securities of such series; provided, that no such
supplemental indenture shall (i) extend the final maturity of any then issued Security, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or
reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, or reduce any amount payable on redemption thereof, or make the principal
thereof (including any amount in respect of original issue discount), or interest thereon or Additional Amounts payable in any coin or
currency other than that provided in such Securities or in accordance with the terms thereof, or reduce the amount of the principal of
a then issued Original Issue Discount Security that would be due and payable upon an acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to
Section 5.1 or the amount thereof provable in bankruptcy pursuant to Section 5.2, or impair or affect the right of any Securityholder
to institute suit for the payment thereof or, if such Securities provide therefor, any right of repayment at the option of the Securityholder,
in each case without the consent of the Holder of each Security so affected, or (ii) reduce the percentage in principal amount of
then issued Securities of such series, the consent of the Holders of which is required for any such supplemental indenture, without the
consent of the Holders of each Security so affected.

(b) A supplemental indenture which changes
or eliminates any covenant or other provision of this Indenture which has expressly been included solely for the benefit of one or more
particular series of Securities, or which modifies the rights of Holders of Securities of such series with respect to such covenant or
provision, shall be deemed not to affect the rights under this Indenture of the Holders of Securities of any other series.

(c) Upon the request of the Issuer, accompanied
by a copy of a resolution of the Board of Directors (which resolution may provide general terms or parameters for such action and may
provide that the specific terms of such action may be determined in accordance with or pursuant to an Issuer Order) certified by the secretary
or an assistant secretary of the Issuer authorizing the execution of any such supplemental indenture, and upon the filing with the Trustee
of evidence of the consent of the Holders of the Securities as aforesaid and other documents, if any, required by Section 7.1, and
the documents required by Section 8.4, the Trustee shall join with the Issuer in the execution of such supplemental indenture unless
such supplemental indenture affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case
the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture.

50

(d) It shall not be necessary for the consent
of the Securityholders under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be
sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof.

(e) Promptly after the execution by the Issuer
and the Trustee of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article, the Issuer shall give notice thereof, if any
Securities of a series affected thereby are then Outstanding, to the Holders thereof by mailing a notice thereof by first-class mail to
such Holders at their addresses as they shall appear on the Securities Register. Any failure of the Issuer to give such notice, or any
defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture.

SECTION 8.3. Effect of Supplemental Indenture.
Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions hereof, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified
and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities under this Indenture
of the Trustee, the Issuer and the Holders of Securities of each series affected thereby shall thereafter be determined, exercised and
enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments, and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental
indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes.

SECTION 8.4. Documents to Be Given to Trustee.
The Trustee, subject to the provisions of Section 6.1 and Section 6.2, shall be entitled to receive, and shall be fully protected
in relying upon, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence and stating that the conditions precedent
in the Indenture to the execution of any supplemental indenture have been satisfied, and that any supplemental executed pursuant to this
Article complies with the applicable provisions of this Indenture.

SECTION 8.5. Notation on Securities in Respect
of Supplemental Indentures. Securities of any series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture
pursuant to the provisions of this Article may bear a notation for such series as to any matter provided for by such supplemental
indenture or as to any action taken by Securityholders. If the Issuer deems it appropriate to prepare new Securities to conform to any
modification of this Indenture contained in any such supplemental indenture, the Issuer may prepare such Securities, and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver them in exchange for the Securities of such series then Outstanding.

SECTION 8.6. Subordination Unimpaired.
This Indenture may not be amended to alter the subordination of any of the Outstanding Securities without the consent of each holder of
Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness then outstanding that would be adversely affected thereby.

51

ARTICLE 9

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, AMALGAMATION, SALE OR
CONVEYANCE

SECTION 9.1. Issuer May Consolidate,
Etc., Only on Certain Terms. The Issuer shall not consolidate with or merge or amalgamate into another Person, or sell, assign, convey,
transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person (other than a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Issuer), unless:

(a) either the Issuer is the continuing Person,
or the successor Person (if other than the Issuer) is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of
Columbia, Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, Barbados or any country or state which is on the date of this Indenture a member of the Organization
for Economic Cooperation and Development and expressly assumes by supplemental indenture the obligations and covenants evidenced by this
Indenture (including the obligation to pay Additional Amounts in accordance with Section 3.11) and the Securities;

(b) immediately thereafter, no Event of Default,
and no event which after notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing; and

(c) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee
an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger or amalgamation and, if a supplemental
indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture, comply with this Article and Article 8
and that all conditions precedent provided for herein relating to such transaction have been complied with.

SECTION 9.2. Successor Substituted for the
Issuer. Upon any consolidation of the Issuer with, or merger or amalgamation of the Issuer into, any other Person or any conveyance,
transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Issuer in accordance with Section 9.1, the successor
Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer is merged or amalgamated or to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is
made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under this Indenture with the same
effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Issuer herein, and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor
Person shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the Securities.

52

ARTICLE 10

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE; UNCLAIMED
MONIES

SECTION 10.1. Termination of Issuers
Obligations Under the Indenture.

(a) This Indenture shall upon an Issuer Order
cease to be of further effect with respect to Securities of or within any series (except as to any surviving rights of registration of
transfer or exchange of such Securities and replacement of such Securities which may have been lost, stolen or mutilated as herein expressly
provided for) and the Trustee, at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture with respect to such Securities when

(i) either

(1) all
such Securities previously authenticated and delivered (other than (A) such Securities which have been destroyed, lost or stolen
and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.9, and (B) such Securities for whose payment money has theretofore
been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust
as provided in Section 3.3) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

(2) all
Securities of such series not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (X) have become due and payable, or (Y) will
become due and payable within one year, or (Z) if redeemable at the option of the Issuer, are to be called for redemption within
one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the
expense, of the Issuer, and the Issuer, in the case of (X), (Y) or (Z) above, has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited
with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for the purpose an amount in the currency or currencies or currency unit or units in which the
Securities of such series are payable, sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Securities not theretofore delivered
to the Trustee for cancellation, for Principal, interest and Additional Amounts, with respect thereto, to the date of such deposit (in
the case of Securities which have become due and payable) or maturity date or redemption date, as the case may be;

(ii) the
Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Issuer; and

(iii) the
Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent
herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as to such series have been complied with.

53

(b) Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture, the obligations of the Issuer to the Trustee under Section 6.6, the obligations of the Issuer to any Authenticating
Agent under Section 6.13 and, if money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to (a)(i)(2) of this Section, the
obligations of the Trustee under Section 10.2 and the last paragraph of Section 3.3 shall survive.

SECTION 10.2. Application of Trust Funds.
Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 3.3, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 10.1
shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either
directly or through any paying agent (including the Issuer acting as its own paying agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons
entitled thereto of the Principal, and any interest or Additional Amounts for whose payment such money has been deposited with or received
by the Trustee, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

SECTION 10.3. Applicability of Defeasance
Provisions; Issuers Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. If pursuant to Section 2.3 provision is made for
either or both of (1) defeasance of the Securities of or within a series under Section 10.4 or (2) covenant defeasance
of the Securities of or within a series under Section 10.5, then the provisions of such Section or Sections, as the case may
be, together with the provisions of Section 10.6 through Section 10.9 inclusive, with such modifications thereto as may be specified
pursuant to Section 2.3 with respect to any Securities, shall be applicable to such Securities, and the Issuer may at its option
by or pursuant to Board Resolution, at any time, with respect to such Securities, elect to have Section 10.4 (if applicable) or Section 10.5
(if applicable) be applied to such Outstanding Securities, upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article.

SECTION 10.4. Defeasance and Discharge.
Upon the Issuers exercise of the option specified in Section 10.3 applicable to this Section with respect to the Securities
of or within a series, the Issuer shall be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to such Securities on and
after the date the conditions set forth in Section 10.6 are satisfied (hereinafter defeasance). For this purpose, such
defeasance means that the Issuer shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented by such Securities which
shall thereafter be deemed to be Outstanding only for the purposes of Section 10.7 and the other Sections of this Indenture
referred to in clause (2) of this Section, and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such Securities and this Indenture
insofar as such Securities are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Issuer, shall on an Issuer Order execute proper instruments
acknowledging the same), except the following which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder: (1) the rights
of Holders of such Securities to receive, solely from the trust funds described in Section 10.6(1) and as more fully set forth
in such Section, payments in respect of the Principal, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on such Securities when such payments
are due; (2) the Issuers obligations with respect to such Securities under Section 2.8, Section 2.9, Section 3.2
and Section 3.3 and with respect to the payment of Additional Amounts, if any, payable with respect to such Securities as specified
pursuant to Section 2.3; (3) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and (4) this Article.
Subject to compliance with this Article, the Issuer may exercise its option under this Section notwithstanding the prior exercise
of its option under Section 10.5 with respect to such Securities. Following a defeasance, payment of such Securities may not be accelerated
because of an Event of Default.

54

SECTION 10.5. Covenant Defeasance. Upon
the Issuers exercise of the option specified in Section 10.3 applicable to this Section with respect to any Securities
of or within a series, the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under Section 9.1 and Section 3.5 through Section 3.10
inclusive, Section 3.13 and, if specified pursuant to Section 2.3, its obligations under any other covenant with respect to
such Securities on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 10.6 are satisfied (hereinafter, covenant defeasance),
and such Securities shall thereafter be deemed to be not Outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent
or declaration or act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with Section 9.1 and Section 3.5 through
Section 3.10 inclusive, Section 3.13 or such other covenant, but shall continue to be deemed Outstanding for all
other purposes hereunder. For this purpose, such covenant defeasance means that, with respect to such Securities, the Issuer may omit
to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such Section or such
other covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such Section or such other covenant
or by reason of reference in any such Section or such other covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document and such
omission to comply shall not constitute a default or an Event of Default under Section 5.1 or otherwise, as the case may be, but,
except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Securities shall be unaffected thereby.

SECTION 10.6. Conditions to Defeasance or
Covenant Defeasance. The following shall be the conditions to application of Section 10.4 or Section 10.5 to any Securities
of or within a series:

(a) The Issuer shall have deposited or caused
to be deposited irrevocably with the Trustee (or another Trustee satisfying the requirements of Section 6.8 who shall agree to comply
with, and shall be entitled to the benefits of, the provisions of Section 10.3 through Section 10.9 inclusive and the last paragraph
of Section 3.3 applicable to the Trustee, for purposes of such Sections also a Trustee) as trust funds in trust for
the purpose of making the payments referred to in clauses (X) and (Y) of this Section 10.6(a), specifically pledged
as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, with instructions to the Trustee as to the application
thereof, (i) money in an amount (in such currency, currencies or currency unit or units in which such Securities are then specified
as payable at maturity), or (ii) if Securities of such series are not subject to repayment at the option of Holders, U.S. Government
Obligations, which through the payment of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide not later
than one day before the due date of any payment referred to in clause (X) or (Y) of this Section 10.6(a), money in
an amount or (iii) a combination thereof, as to clause (i), (ii) and (iii), sufficient to pay and discharge, and which shall
be applied by the Trustee to pay and discharge, (X) the Principal, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on Securities on the
maturity of such principal or installment of principal or interest and (Y) any mandatory sinking fund payments applicable to such
Securities on the day on which such payments are due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and such Securities. In
the event that U.S. Government Obligations are deposited with the Trustee in accordance with the terms of clause (ii) above, or a
combination of money and U.S. Obligations are deposited with the Trustee in accordance with clause (iii) above, then in each case,
the Issuer shall cause to be delivered to the Trustee a written certification from a nationally recognized firm of independent certified
public accountants that such U.S. Obligations and/or money so deposited is sufficient to pay and discharge (X) the principal, interest
and Additional Amounts, if any, on Securities on the maturity of such principal or installment of principal or interest and (Y) any
mandatory sinking fund payments applicable to such Securities on the day on which such payments are due and payable in accordance with
the terms of this Indenture and such Securities.

55

(b) Before such a deposit, the Issuer may make
arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the redemption of Securities at a future date or dates in accordance with Article 13
which shall be given effect in applying the foregoing.

(c) Such defeasance or covenant defeasance
shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default or Event of Default under, this Indenture or result in a breach
or violation of, or constitute a default under, any other material agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party or by which
it is bound.

(d) In the case of an election under Section 10.4,
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that (i) the
Issuer has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or (ii) since the date of execution
of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based
thereon such opinion shall confirm that, the Holders of such Securities will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income
tax purposes as a result of such defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and
at the same times, as would have been the case if such deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred.

(e) In the case of an election under Section 10.5,
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of such Securities will not recognize
income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such covenant defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such covenant defeasance had not
occurred.

(f) The Issuer shall have delivered to the
Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent to the defeasance under Section 10.4
or the covenant defeasance under Section 10.5 (as the case may be), including those contained in this Section other than the
90 day period specified in Section 10.6(g), have been complied with.

56

(g) The Issuer shall have delivered to the
Trustee an Officers Certificate to the effect that neither such Securities nor any other Securities of the same series, if then
listed on any securities exchange, will be delisted as a result of such deposit.

(h) No event which is, or after notice or lapse
of time or both would become, an Event of Default with respect to such Securities or any other Securities shall have occurred and be continuing
at the time of such deposit or, with regard to any such event specified in Section 5.1(e) and Section 5.1(f), at any time
on or prior to the 90th day after the date of such deposit (it being understood that this condition shall not be deemed satisfied
until after such 90th day).

(i) Such defeasance or covenant defeasance
shall not result in the trust arising from such deposit constituting an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act unless such trust shall be registered under the Investment Company Act or exempt from registration thereunder.

(j) Such defeasance or covenant defeasance
shall be effected in compliance with any additional or substitute terms, conditions or limitations which may be imposed on the Issuer
in connection therewith as contemplated by Section 2.3.

SECTION 10.7. Deposited Money and U.S. Government
Obligations to be Held in Trust. Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 3.3, all money and U.S. Government
Obligations (or other property as may be provided pursuant to Section 2.3) (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee
pursuant to Section 10.6 in respect of any Securities of any series shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance
with the provisions of such Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any paying agent (including the
Issuer acting as its own paying agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Securities of all sums due and to become due
thereon in respect of Principal, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except
to the extent required by law. All money and U.S. Government Obligations (or other property as may be provided pursuant to Section 2.3)
(including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 10.6 in respect of any Securities of any series and
which are held in trust shall not be subject to the provisions of Article 11.

SECTION 10.8. Repayment to Issuer. The
Trustee (or any paying agent) shall promptly pay to the Issuer upon Issuer Order any excess money or securities held by them at any time.

SECTION 10.9. Indemnity for U.S. Government
Obligations. The Issuer shall pay, and shall indemnify the Trustee against, any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against
U.S. Government Obligations deposited pursuant to this Article or the principal and interest and any other amount received on such
U.S. Government Obligations.

57

SECTION 10.10. Reimbursement. If the
Trustee or the paying agent is unable to apply any money in accordance with this Article with respect to any Securities by reason
of any order or judgment of any court or government authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the
obligations under this Indenture and such Securities from which the Issuer has been discharged or released pursuant to Section 10.4
or Section 10.5 shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this Article with respect to such
Securities, until such time as the Trustee or paying agent is permitted to apply all money held in trust pursuant to Section 10.7
with respect to such Securities in accordance with this Article; provided, however, that if the Issuer makes any payment of Principal,
interest or Additional Amounts on any such Security following such reinstatement of its obligations, the Issuer shall be subrogated to
the rights (if any) of the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the money so held in trust.

ARTICLE 11

SUBORDINATION OF SECURITIES

SECTION 11.1. Applicability of Article.
Unless otherwise provided with respect to the Securities of any series in or pursuant to the Board Resolution, Officers Certificate
or supplemental indenture establishing such series of Securities pursuant to Section 2.1, the provisions of this Article shall
be applicable to each series of Securities.

SECTION 11.2. Securities Subordinate to Senior
Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness. The Issuer covenants and agrees, and each Holder of a Security, by his acceptance thereof, likewise
covenants and agrees, that, to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth in this Article, the payment of the Principal and interest
and Additional Amounts, if any, on each and all of the Securities of such series is hereby expressly made subordinate and subject in right
of payment to the prior payment in full of all Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer. No provisions of this Article shall
prevent the occurrence of any Event of Default.

58

SECTION 11.3. Payment Over of Proceeds Upon
Dissolution, Etc. In the event of (a) any insolvency or bankruptcy case or proceeding, or any receivership, liquidation, reorganization
or other similar case or proceeding in connection therewith, relative to the Issuer or to its creditors, as such, or to its assets, or
(b) any liquidation, dissolution or other winding up of the Issuer, whether voluntary or involuntary and whether or not involving
insolvency or bankruptcy, or (c) any assignment for the benefit of creditors or any other marshalling of assets and liabilities of
the Issuer, then and in any such event specified in (a), (b) or (c) above (each such event, if any, herein sometimes referred
to as a Proceeding) the holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer shall be entitled to receive
payment in full of all amounts due or to become due on or in respect of all Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer, or
provision shall be made for such payment in cash or cash equivalents or otherwise in a manner satisfactory to the holders of Senior Debt
and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer, before the Holders of the Securities are entitled to receive any payment or distribution
of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities (including any payment or distribution which may be payable or deliverable
by reason of the payment of any other indebtedness of the Issuer subordinated to the payment of the Securities), on account of Principal
or interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Securities or on account of any purchase or other acquisition of Securities by the
Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (all such payments, distributions, purchases and acquisitions, other than the payment or distribution
of stock or securities of the Issuer referred to in the second succeeding paragraph, herein referred to, individually and collectively,
as a Securities Payment), and to that end the holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer shall be
entitled to receive, for application to the payment thereof, any Securities Payment which may be payable or deliverable in respect of
the Securities in any such Proceeding. In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, the Trustee or the
Holder of any Security shall have received any Securities Payment before all Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer is
paid in full or payment thereof provided for in cash or cash equivalents or otherwise in a manner satisfactory to the holders of Senior
Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer, and if such fact shall, at or prior to the time of such Securities Payment, have been
made known to the Trustee or, as the case may be, such Holder, then and in such event such Securities Payment shall be paid over or delivered
forthwith to the trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, liquidating trustee, custodian, assignee, agent or other Person making payment or distribution
of assets of the Issuer for application to the payment of all Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer remaining unpaid,
to the extent necessary to pay all Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer in full, after giving effect to any concurrent
payment or distribution to or for the holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer.

For purposes of this Article only, the words
any payment or distribution of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities shall not be deemed to include
a payment or distribution of stock or securities of the Issuer provided for by a plan of reorganization or readjustment authorized by
an order or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction in a reorganization proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy law or of any other
corporation provided for by such plan of reorganization or readjustment which stock or securities are subordinated in right of payment
to all then outstanding Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer to substantially the same extent as the Securities are
so subordinated as provided in this Article. The consolidation of the Issuer with, or the merger of the Issuer into, another Person or
the liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer following the conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets to
another Person upon the terms and conditions set forth in Article 9 shall not be deemed a Proceeding for the purposes of this Section if
the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or other disposition
such assets, as the case may be, shall, as a part of such consolidation, merger, amalgamation, sale or conveyance, comply with the conditions
set forth in Article 9.

59

SECTION 11.4. No Payment When Senior Debt
or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer in Default. In the event that any Senior Payment Default or Subordinated Payment Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, then no Securities Payment shall be made unless and until such Senior Payment Default or Subordinated
Payment Default shall have been cured or waived or shall have ceased to exist or all amounts then due and payable in respect of Senior
Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer shall have been paid in full, or provision shall have been made for such payment in cash
or cash equivalents or otherwise in a manner satisfactory to the holders of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer; provided,
however, that nothing in this Section shall prevent the satisfaction of any sinking fund payment in accordance with Article 13
by delivering and crediting pursuant to Section 13.5 Securities which have been acquired (upon redemption or otherwise) prior to
such Senior Payment Default or Subordinated Payment Default.

In the event that any Senior Nonmonetary Default
or Subordinated Nonmonetary Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then, upon the receipt by the Issuer and the Trustee of written
notice of such Senior Nonmonetary Default or Subordinated Nonmonetary Default from a Representative (as defined below) for the Senior
Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness which is the subject of such Senior Nonmonetary Default or Subordinated Nonmonetary Default, as applicable,
no Securities Payment shall be made during the period (the Payment Blockage Period) commencing on the date of such receipt
of such written notice and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which such Senior Nonmonetary Default or Subordinated Nonmonetary
Default shall have been cured or waived or shall have ceased to exist or all Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness that is the subject
of such Senior Nonmonetary Default or Subordinated Nonmonetary Default, as applicable, shall have been discharged; or (ii) the date
on which the Payment Blockage Period shall have been terminated by written notice to the Issuer or the Trustee from a Representative for
the Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness initiating the Payment Blockage Period; provided, however, that nothing in this Section shall
prevent the satisfaction of any sinking fund payment in accordance with Article 13 by delivering and crediting pursuant to Section 13.5
Securities which have been acquired (upon redemption or otherwise) prior to the date of such receipt of such written notice. As used herein,
Representative means (i) the indenture trustee or other trustee, agent or representative for holders of Senior Debt
or Subordinated Indebtedness or (ii) with respect to any Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness that does not have any such trustee,
agent or other representative, (a) in the case of such Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness issued pursuant to an agreement providing
for voting arrangements as among the holders or owners of such Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness, any holder or owner of such Senior
Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness acting with the consent of the required persons necessary to bind such holders or owners of such Senior
Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness and (b) in the case of all other such Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness, the holder or owner
of such Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness.

In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Issuer shall make any Securities Payment to the Trustee or any Holder prohibited by the foregoing provisions of this Section, and
if such fact shall, at or prior to the time of such Securities Payment, have been made known to the Trustee or, as the case may be, such
Holder, then and in such event such Securities Payment shall be paid over and delivered forthwith to the Issuer.

60

The provisions of this Section shall not apply
to any Securities Payment with respect to which Section 11.3 would be applicable.

SECTION 11.5. Payment Permitted If No Default.
Nothing contained in this Article or elsewhere in this Indenture or in any of the Securities shall prevent (a) the Issuer, at
any time except during the pendency of any Proceeding referred to in Section 11.3 or under the conditions described in Section 11.4,
from making Securities Payments, or (b) the application by the Trustee of any money deposited with it hereunder to Securities Payments
or the retention of such Securities Payment by the Holders, if, at the time of such application by the Trustee, it did not have knowledge
that such Securities Payment would have been prohibited by the provisions of this Article.

SECTION 11.6. Subrogation to Rights of Holders
of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer. Subject to the payment in full of all amounts due or to become due on
or in respect of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer, or the provision for such payment in cash or cash equivalents
or otherwise in a manner satisfactory to the holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Holders of the Securities
shall be subrogated to the rights of the holders of such Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer to receive payments and
distributions of cash, property and securities applicable to the Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer until the Principal
and interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Securities shall be paid in full. For purposes of such subrogation, no payments or
distributions to the holders of the Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer of any cash, property or securities to which
the Holders of the Securities or the Trustee would be entitled except for the provisions of this Article, and no payments pursuant to
the provisions of this Article to the holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer by Holders of the Securities
or the Trustee, shall, as among the Issuer, its creditors other than holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer
and the Holders of the Securities, be deemed to be a payment or distribution by the Issuer to or on account of the Senior Debt or Subordinated
Indebtedness of the Issuer.

SECTION 11.7. Provisions Solely to Define
Relative Rights. The provisions of this Article are and are intended solely for the purpose of defining the relative rights of
the Holders on the one hand and the holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer on the other hand. Nothing contained
in this Article or elsewhere in this Indenture or in the Securities is intended to or shall (a) impair, as among the Issuer,
its creditors other than holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer and the Holders of the Securities, the obligation
of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional (and which, subject to the rights under this Article of the holders of Senior
Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer, is intended to rank equally with all other general obligations of the Issuer), to pay
to the Holders of the Securities the Principal and interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Securities as and when the same shall
become due and payable in accordance with their terms; or (b) affect the relative rights against the Issuer of the Holders of the
Securities and creditors of the Issuer other than the holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer; or (c) prevent
the Trustee or the Holder of any Security from exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable law upon default under this Indenture,
subject to the rights, if any, under this Article of the holders of Senior Debt and Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer to receive
cash, property and securities otherwise payable or deliverable to the Trustee or such Holder.

61

SECTION 11.8. Trustee to Effectuate Subordination.
Each Holder of a Security by his acceptance thereof authorizes and directs the Trustee on his behalf to take such action as may be necessary
or appropriate to effectuate the subordination provided in this Article and appoints the Trustee his attorney-in-fact for any and
all such purposes.

SECTION 11.9. No Waiver of Subordination
Provisions. No right of any present or future holder of any Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer to enforce subordination
as herein provided shall at any time in any way be prejudiced or impaired by any act or failure to act on the part of the Issuer or by
any act or failure to act, in good faith, by any such holder, or by any noncompliance by the Issuer with the terms, provisions and covenants
of this Indenture, regardless of any knowledge thereof any such holder may have or be otherwise charged with.

Without in any way limiting the generality of the
foregoing paragraph, the holders of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer may, at any time and from time to time, without
the consent of or notice to the Trustee or the Holders of the Securities, without incurring responsibility to the Holders of the Securities
and without impairing or releasing the subordination provided in this Article or the obligations hereunder of the Holders of the
Securities to the holders of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer, do any one or more of the following: (i) change
the manner, place or terms of payment or extend the time of payment of, or renew or alter, Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of
the Issuer, or otherwise amend or supplement in any manner Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or any instrument evidencing
the same or any agreement under which Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer is outstanding; (ii) sell, exchange,
release or otherwise deal with any property pledged, mortgaged or otherwise securing Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer;
(iii) release any Person liable in any manner for the collection of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer; and (iv) exercise
or refrain from exercising any rights against the Issuer and any other Person.

62

SECTION 11.10. Notice to Trustee. The
Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any fact known to the Issuer which would prohibit the making of any payment
to or by the Trustee in respect of the Securities. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article or any other provision of this
Indenture, the Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of the existence of any facts which would prohibit the making of any payment
to or by the Trustee in respect of the Securities, unless and until the Trustee shall have received written notice thereof from the Issuer
or a holder of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or from any trustee therefor; and, prior to the receipt of any such
written notice, the Trustee, subject to the provisions of Section 6.1, shall be entitled in all respects to assume that no such facts
exist; provided, however, that if the Trustee shall not have received the notice provided for in this Section at least three Business
Days prior to the date upon which by the terms hereof any money may become payable for any purpose (including, without limitation, the
payment of the Principal or interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on any Security), then, anything herein contained to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Trustee shall have full power and authority to receive such money and to apply the same to the purpose for which
such money was received and shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary which may be received by it within three Business Days
prior to such date.

Subject to the provisions of Section 6.1, the
Trustee shall be entitled to rely on the delivery to it of a written notice by a Person representing himself to be a holder of Senior
Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer (or a trustee therefor) to establish that such notice has been given by a holder of Senior
Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer (or a trustee therefor). In the event that the Trustee determines in good faith that further
evidence is required with respect to the right of any Person as a holder of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer to
participate in any payment or distribution pursuant to this Article, the Trustee may request such Person to furnish evidence to the reasonable
satisfaction of the Trustee as to the amount of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer held by such Person, the extent
to which such Person is entitled to participate in such payment or distribution and any other facts pertinent to the rights of such Person
under this Article, and if such evidence is not furnished, the Trustee may defer any payment to such Person pending judicial determination
as to the right of such Person to receive such payment.

SECTION 11.11. Reliance on Judicial Order
or Certificate of Liquidating Agent. Upon any payment or distribution of assets of the Issuer referred to in this Article, the Trustee,
subject to the provisions of Section 6.1, and the Holders of the Securities shall be entitled to rely upon any order or decree entered
by any court of competent jurisdiction in which such Proceeding is pending, or a certificate of the trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, liquidating
trustee, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors, agent or other Person making such payment or distribution, delivered to the
Trustee or to the Holders of Securities, for the purpose of ascertaining the Persons entitled to participate in such payment or distribution,
the holders of the Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer and other Indebtedness of the Issuer, the amount thereof or
payable thereon, the amount or amounts paid or distributed thereon and all other facts pertinent thereto or to this Article.

SECTION 11.12. Trustee Not Fiduciary for
Holders of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer. The Trustee shall not be deemed to owe any fiduciary duty to the
holders of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer and shall not be liable to any such holders if it shall in good faith
mistakenly pay over or distribute to Holders of Securities or to the Issuer or to any other Person cash, property or securities to which
any holders of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer shall be entitled by virtue of this Article or otherwise.

63

SECTION 11.13. Rights of Trustee as Holder
of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer; Preservation of Trustees Rights. The Trustee in its individual capacity
shall be entitled to all the rights set forth in this Article with respect to any Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the
Issuer which may at any time be held by it, to the same extent as any other holder of Senior Debt or Subordinated Indebtedness of the
Issuer, and nothing in this Indenture shall deprive the Trustee of any of its rights as such holder. Nothing in this Article shall
apply to claims of, or payments to, the Trustee under or pursuant to Section 6.6.

SECTION 11.14. Article Applicable to
Paying Agents. In case at any time any paying agent other than the Trustee shall have been appointed by the Issuer with respect to
the Securities and be then acting hereunder, the term Trustee as used in this Article shall in such case (unless the
context otherwise requires) be construed as extending to and including such paying agent within its meaning as fully for all intents and
purposes as if such paying agent were named in this Article in addition to or in place of the Trustee; provided, however, that Section 11.13
shall not apply to the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer if the Issuer or Affiliate acts as paying agent.

ARTICLE 12

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

SECTION 12.1. Incorporators, Shareholders,
Officers and Directors of Issuer Exempt from Individual Liability. No recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement
contained in this Indenture, or in any Security, or because of any indebtedness evidenced thereby, shall be had against any incorporator,
as such or against any past, present or future shareholder, officer or director, as such, of the Issuer or of any successor, either directly
or through the Issuer or any successor, under any rule of law, statute or constitutional provision or by the enforcement of any assessment
or by any legal or equitable proceeding or otherwise, all such liability being expressly waived and released by the acceptance of the
Securities by the Holders thereof and as part of the consideration for the issue of the Securities.

SECTION 12.2. Provisions of Indenture for
the Sole Benefit of Parties and Holders of Securities. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities, expressed or implied, shall
give or be construed to give to any Person other than the parties hereto and their successors and the holders of Senior Debt, the holders
of Subordinated Indebtedness and the Holders of the Securities any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture or under
any covenant or provision herein contained, all such covenants and provisions being for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their
successors, the holders of Senior Debt, the holders of Subordinated Indebtedness and the Holders of the Securities.

64

SECTION 12.3. Successors and Assigns of Issuer
Bound by Indenture. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements in this Indenture contained by or in behalf of the Issuer
shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

SECTION 12.4. Notices and Demands on Issuer,
Trustee and Holders of Securities. Any notice or demand which by any provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given
or served by the Trustee or by the Holders of Securities to or on the Issuer shall be in writing (which may be by facsimile) and may be
given or served by being deposited postage prepaid, first-class mail (except as otherwise specifically provided herein) addressed (until
another address of the Issuer is filed by the Issuer with the Trustee) to Enstar Group Limited, A.S. Cooper Building, 4th Floor, 26 Reid
Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda, Attention: Chief Financial Officer. Any notice, direction, request or demand by the Issuer or any Holder
of Securities to or upon the Trustee shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing to
or with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration.

Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders,
such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid,
to each Holder entitled thereto, at his or her last address as it appears in the Securities Register provided, that with respect to Securities
of any series issued in global form, notice shall be sufficiently given if sent to the applicable Depositary in accordance with its applicable
procedures. In any case where notice to such Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any
notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Where this Indenture
provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the person entitled to receive such notice, either before or
after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee,
but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.

In case, by reason of the suspension of or irregularities
in regular mail service, it shall be impracticable to mail notice to the Issuer when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any
provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee shall be deemed
to be a sufficient giving of such notice.

65

The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act
upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given pursuant to this Indenture and delivered using
Electronic Means (as defined below); provided, however, that the Issuer shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing
officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers) and containing specimen signatures of such
Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Issuer whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the
listing. If the Issuer elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act
upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Issuer understands and
agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively
presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee
have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Issuer shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions
to the Trustee, and that the Issuer and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable
user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by the Issuer. The Trustee shall not be liable for any
losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions
notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Issuer agrees: (i) to assume
all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the
Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed
of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more
secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Issuer; (iii) that the security procedures (if
any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in
light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized
use of the security procedures. "Electronic Means" shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic
transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method
or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its services hereunder.

SECTION 12.5. Officers Certificates
and Opinions of Counsel; Statements to Be Contained Therein. Upon any application, request or demand by the Issuer to the Trustee
to take any action under any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee an Officers Certificate
stating that all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion
of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent have been complied with.

Each certificate or opinion provided for in this
Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include
(1) a statement that the person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition, (2) a brief statement
as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or
opinion are based, (3) a statement that, in the opinion of such person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is
necessary to enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with and
(4) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such person, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

66

Any certificate, statement or opinion of an officer
of the Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of or representations by counsel, unless
such officer knows that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his or her certificate, statement
or opinion may be based as aforesaid are erroneous, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know that the same are erroneous. Any
certificate, statement or opinion of counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, information with respect to which
is in the possession of the Issuer, upon the certificate, statement or opinion of or representations by an officer or officers of the
Issuer, unless such counsel actually knows that the certificate, statement or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon
which his or her certificate, statement or opinion may be based as aforesaid are erroneous, or in the exercise of reasonable care should
know that the same are erroneous.

Any certificate, statement or opinion of an officer
of the Issuer or of counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to accounting matters, upon a certificate or opinion of or representations
by an accountant or firm of accountants in the employ of the Issuer, unless such officer or counsel, as the case may be, knows that the
certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the accounting matters upon which his or her certificate, statement or opinion
may be based as aforesaid are erroneous, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know that the same are erroneous.

Any certificate or opinion of any independent firm
of public accountants filed with and directed to the Trustee shall contain a statement that such firm is independent.

SECTION 12.6. Payments Due on Saturdays,
Sundays and Holidays. If the date of maturity of interest on or principal of the Securities of any series or the date fixed for redemption
or repayment of any such Security shall not be a Business Day, then payment of interest or principal need not be made on such date, but
may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the date of maturity or the date fixed for
redemption, and no interest with respect to such interest payment shall accrue for the intervening period.

SECTION 12.7. Conflict of Any Provision of
Indenture with Trust Indenture Act. If this Indenture is qualified under the Trust Indenture Act, if and to the extent that any provision
of this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with the duties imposed by, or with another provision (an incorporated provision)
included in this Indenture by operation of, Sections 310 to 318, inclusive, of the Trust Indenture Act, such imposed duties or incorporated
provision shall control. As of the effective date of this Indenture, this Indenture is not subject to the Trust Indenture Act.

67

SECTION 12.8. New York Law to Govern; Waiver
of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction.

(a) This Indenture and each Security shall
be deemed to be a contract under the laws of the State of New York, and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws
of such State.

(b) EACH OF THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE AND THE
HOLDERS BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF ANY SECURITY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.

(c) The Issuer agrees that any suit, action
or proceeding against the Issuer may be brought by any Holder or the Trustee arising out of or based upon this Indenture or the Securities
may be instituted in any state or U.S. federal court in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York, and any appellate court from any
thereof, and each of them irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action or proceeding. The
Issuer irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to any suit, action, or proceeding that may be brought
in connection with this Indenture or any Security, including such actions, suits or proceedings relating to securities laws of the United
States of America or any state thereof, in such courts whether on the grounds of venue, residence or domicile or on the ground that any
such suit, action or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The Issuer agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action
or proceeding brought in such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer and may be enforced in any court to the jurisdiction
of which the Issuer is subject by a suit upon such judgment.

SECTION 12.9. Counterparts. This Indenture
may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute but
one and the same instrument. This Indenture may be signed by manual, facsimile or pdf or other electronically-imaged signature (including,
without limitation, DocuSign or AdobeSign).

SECTION 12.10. Effect of Headings. The
Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction
hereof.

68

SECTION 12.11. Securities in a Foreign Currency
or in Euro. Unless otherwise specified in an Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.3 of this Indenture
with respect to a particular series of Securities, whenever for purposes of this Indenture any action may be taken by the Holders of a
specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of Securities of all series or all series affected by a particular action at the time
Outstanding and, at such time, there are Outstanding Securities of any series which are denominated in a coin or currency other than Dollars
(including Euros), then the principal amount of Securities of such series which shall be deemed to be Outstanding for the purpose of taking
such action shall be that amount of Dollars that could be obtained for such amount at the Market Exchange Rate. For purposes of this Section,
Market Exchange Rate shall mean the noon Dollar buying rate in New York City for cable transfers of that currency as published
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; provided, however, in the case of Euros, Market Exchange Rate shall mean the rate of exchange
determined by the Commission of the European Union (or any successor thereto) as published in the Official Journal of the European Union
(such publication or any successor publication, the Journal). If such Market Exchange Rate is not available for any reason
with respect to such currency, the Issuer shall use, in its sole discretion and without liability on its part, such quotation of the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York or, in the case of Euros, the rate of exchange as published in the Journal, as of the most recent available date,
or quotations or, in the case of Euros, rates of exchange from one or more major banks in The City of New York or in the country of issue
of the currency in question, which for purposes of the Euro shall be Brussels, Belgium, or such other quotations or, in the case of Euro,
rates of exchange as the Issuer shall deem appropriate. The provisions of this paragraph shall apply in determining the equivalent principal
amount in respect of Securities of a series denominated in a currency other than Dollars in connection with any action taken by Holders
of Securities pursuant to the terms of this Indenture.

All decisions and determinations of the Issuer regarding
the Market Exchange Rate or any alternative determination provided for in the preceding paragraph shall be in its sole discretion and
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive to the extent permitted by law for all purposes and irrevocably binding upon the
Trustee and all Holders. Neither the Trustee nor the paying agent shall have any responsibility to obtain exchange rates or effect conversions
of currency.

SECTION 12.12. Judgment Currency. The
Issuer agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, that (1) if for the purpose of obtaining
judgment in any court it is necessary to convert the sum due in respect of the principal of or interest or Additional Amounts on the Securities
of any series (the Required Currency) into a currency in which a judgment will be rendered (the Judgment Currency),
the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Issuer could purchase in The City
of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered, unless such day
is not a Business Day, then, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance
with normal banking procedures the Issuer could purchase in The City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the
Business Day preceding the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered and (2) its obligations under this Indenture to make
payments in the Required Currency (a) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender, or any recovery pursuant to any judgment
(whether or not entered in accordance with subsection (1)), in any currency other than the Required Currency, except to the extent
that such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt, by the payee, of the full amount of the Required Currency expressed to
be payable in respect of such payments, (b) shall be enforceable as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose
of recovering in the Required Currency the amount, if any, by which such actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the Required
Currency so expressed to be payable and (c) shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other sum due under this Indenture.

69

SECTION 12.13. Separability Clause. If
any provision of this Indenture or of the Securities, or the application of any such provision to any Person or circumstance, shall be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this Indenture or of the Securities, or the application of such provision
to Persons or circumstances other than those as to whom or which it is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby.

SECTION 12.14. Foreign Account Tax Compliance
Act (FATCA). The Issuer agrees (i) upon the request of the Trustee, to provide the Trustee with such reasonable information as
it has in its possession to enable the Trustee to determine whether any payments pursuant to this Indenture are subject to the withholding
requirements described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the
Code and any regulations, or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof, and (ii) that the Trustee shall be entitled
to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law, for which
the Trustee shall not have any liability.

SECTION 12.15. The Issuer represents that neither
they nor any of their affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers are the target or subject of any sanctions enforced by the US Government,
(including, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury), the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, or His Majestys Treasury (collectively Sanctions). The Issuer covenants that neither it nor any of its affiliates,
subsidiaries, directors or officers will use any payments made pursuant to this Indenture, (i) to fund or facilitate any prohibited
activities of or business with any person who, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of Sanctions, (ii) to
fund or facilitate any prohibited activities of or business with any country or territory that is the target or subject of Sanctions,
or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any person.

ARTICLE 13

REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES AND SINKING FUNDS

SECTION 13.1. Applicability of Article.
The provisions of this Article shall be applicable to the Securities of any series which are redeemable before their maturity or
to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities of a series except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 2.3 for
Securities of such series.

70

SECTION 13.2. Notice of Redemption; Partial
Redemptions. Notice of redemption to the Holders of Securities of any series to be redeemed as a whole or in part at the option of
the Issuer shall be given by mailing notice of such redemption by first class mail, postage prepaid, at least 10 days and not more
than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption to such Holders of Securities of such series (or such notice period as may be
specified in the Securities of such series or in the Officers Certificate, Board Resolutions or the indenture supplemental hereto
establishing the terms of the Securities of such series) at their last addresses as they shall appear in the Securities Register; provided,
that with respect to Securities of any series issued in global form, notice of redemption shall be given in accordance with the procedures
at the applicable Depositary. Any notice which is sent in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly
given, whether or not the Holder receives the notice. Failure to give notice by mail, or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any
Security of a series designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption
of any other Security of such series.

The notice of redemption to each such Holder shall
identify the securities to be redeemed (including CUSIP numbers), shall specify, the principal amount of each Security of such series
held by such Holder to be redeemed, the date fixed for redemption, the redemption price (or, if not then determinable, the methodology
for determining the redemption price), the place or places of payment, that payment will be made upon presentation and surrender of such
Securities, that such redemption is pursuant to the mandatory or optional sinking fund, or both, if such be the case, that interest accrued
to the date fixed for redemption will be paid as specified in such notice and that on and after said date interest thereon or on the portions
thereof to be redeemed will cease to accrue. In case any Security of a series is to be redeemed in part only the notice of redemption
shall state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and shall state that on and after the date fixed for redemption,
upon surrender of such Security, a new Security or Securities of such series in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof
will be issued.

The notice of redemption of Securities of any series
to be redeemed at the option of the Issuer shall be given by the Issuer or, at the Issuers request, by the Trustee (so long as
the Issuer has provided a form of such notice to the Trustee at least 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, unless a shorter
period shall be acceptable to the Trustee) in the name and at the expense of the Issuer.

On or before 10:00 a.m., New York City time,
the redemption date specified in the notice of redemption given as provided in this Section, the Issuer will deposit with the Trustee
or with one or more paying agents (or, if the Issuer is acting as its own paying agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided
in Section 3.3) an amount of money sufficient to redeem on the redemption date all the Securities of such series so called for redemption
at the appropriate redemption price, together with accrued interest to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. In case of a redemption
at the election of the Issuer prior to the expiration of any restriction on such redemption, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee,
prior to the giving of any notice of redemption to Holders pursuant to this Section, an Officers Certificate stating that such
restriction has been complied with.

71

If less than all the Securities of a series are to
be redeemed, the Securities to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by lot; provided that such redemption shall be in accordance
with the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Securities are listed (as determined by the Issuer), which may include by lot
and that any Securities held through a Depositary shall be selected in accordance with such Depositarys applicable procedures.
Securities may be redeemed in part in multiples equal to the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of such series or any multiple
thereof. In the case of any Securities in definitive form, the Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer in writing of the Securities of
such series selected for redemption and, in the case of any Securities of such series selected for partial redemption, the principal amount
thereof to be redeemed. For all purposes of this Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption
of Securities of any series shall relate, in the case of any Security redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal
amount of such Security which has been or is to be redeemed.

SECTION 13.3. Payment of Securities Called
for Redemption. If notice of redemption has been given as above provided, subject to any required regulatory approval or the satisfaction
of any other specified regulatory condition, the Securities or portions of Securities specified in such notice shall become due and payable
on the date and at the place stated in such notice at the applicable redemption price, together with interest accrued to, but excluding,
the date fixed for redemption, and on and after said date (unless the Issuer shall default in the payment of such Securities at the redemption
price, together with interest accrued to said date) interest on the Securities or portions of Securities so called for redemption shall
cease to accrue, and, except as provided in Section 3.3 and Section 6.5, such Securities shall cease from and after the date
fixed for redemption to be entitled to any benefit or security under this Indenture, and the Holders thereof shall have no right in respect
of such Securities except the right to receive the redemption price thereof and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts to the date fixed
for redemption. On presentation and surrender of such Securities at a place of payment specified in said notice, said Securities or the
specified portions thereof shall be paid and redeemed by the Issuer at the applicable redemption price, together with interest accrued
thereon to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption; provided that payment of interest becoming due on or prior to the date fixed
for redemption shall be payable to the Holders on the relevant record date subject to the terms and provisions of Section 2.3 and
Section 2.7.

If any Security called for redemption shall not be
so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, unless such nonpayment is the result of the failure to obtain any required regulatory approval
or satisfy any other specified regulatory condition to such redemption, the principal shall, until paid or duly provided for, bear interest
from the date fixed for redemption at the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of an Original Issue Discount Security) borne
by such Security.

Upon presentation of any certificated Security redeemed
in part only, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or on the order of the Holder thereof, at the
expense of the Issuer, a new Security or Securities of such series, of authorized denominations, in principal amount equal to the unredeemed
portion of the Security so presented.

72

SECTION 13.4. Exclusion of Certain Securities
from Eligibility for Selection for Redemption. Securities shall be excluded from eligibility for selection for redemption if they
are identified by registration and certificate number in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee at least 40 days
prior to the last date on which notice of redemption may be given as being owned of record and beneficially by, and not pledged or hypothecated
by either (a) the Issuer or (b) an entity specifically identified in such written statement as directly or indirectly controlling
or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer.

SECTION 13.5. Mandatory and Optional Sinking
Funds.

(a) The minimum amount of any sinking fund
payment provided for by the terms of the Securities of any series is herein referred to as a mandatory sinking fund payment,
and any payment in excess of such minimum amount provided for by the terms of the Securities of any series is herein referred to as an
optional sinking fund payment. The date on which a sinking fund payment is to be made is herein referred to as the sinking
fund payment date.

(b) In lieu of making all or any part of any
mandatory sinking fund payment with respect to any series of Securities in cash, the Issuer may at its option (i) deliver to the
Trustee Securities of such series theretofore purchased or otherwise acquired (except upon redemption pursuant to the mandatory sinking
fund) by the Issuer or receive credit for Securities of such series (not previously so credited) theretofore purchased or otherwise acquired
(except as aforesaid) by the Issuer and delivered to the Trustee for cancellation pursuant to Section 2.10, (ii) receive credit
for optional sinking fund payments (not previously so credited) made pursuant to this Section, or (iii) receive credit for Securities
of such series (not previously so credited) redeemed by the Issuer through any optional redemption provision contained in the terms of
such series. Securities so delivered or credited shall be received or credited by the Trustee at the sinking fund redemption price specified
in such Securities.

73

(c) On or before the 60th day next preceding
each sinking fund payment date for any series, the Issuer will deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate (which need not contain
the statements required by Section 12.5) (i) specifying the portion of the mandatory sinking fund payment to be satisfied by
payment of cash and the portion to be satisfied by credit of Securities of such series and the basis for such credit, (ii) stating
that none of the Securities of such series has theretofore been so credited, (iii) stating that no defaults in the payment of interest
or Events of Default with respect to such series have occurred (which have not been waived or cured) and are continuing and (iv) stating
whether or not the Issuer intends to exercise its right to make an optional sinking fund payment with respect to such series and, if so,
specifying the amount of such optional sinking fund payment which the Issuer intends to pay on or before the next succeeding sinking fund
payment date. Any Securities of such series to be credited and required to be delivered to the Trustee in order for the Issuer to be entitled
to credit therefor as aforesaid which have not theretofore been delivered to the Trustee shall be delivered for cancellation pursuant
to Section 2.10 to the Trustee with such Officers Certificate (or reasonably promptly thereafter if acceptable to the Trustee).
Such Officers Certificate shall be irrevocable and upon its receipt by the Trustee the Issuer shall become unconditionally obligated
to make all the cash payments or payments therein referred to, if any, on or before the next succeeding sinking fund payment date. Failure
of the Issuer, on or before any such 60th day, to deliver such Officers Certificate and Securities specified in this paragraph,
if any, shall not constitute a default but shall constitute, on and as of such date, the irrevocable election of the Issuer (1) that
the mandatory sinking fund payment for such series due on the next succeeding sinking fund payment date shall be paid entirely in cash
without the option to deliver or credit Securities of such series in respect thereof and (2) that the Issuer will make no optional
sinking fund payment with respect to such series as provided in this Section.

(d) If the sinking fund payment or payments
(mandatory or optional or both) to be made in cash on the next succeeding sinking fund payment date plus any unused balance of any preceding
sinking fund payments made in cash shall exceed $50,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any Foreign Currency or Euro) or a lesser sum in
Dollars (or the equivalent thereof in any Foreign Currency or Euro) if the Issuer shall so request with respect to the Securities of any
particular series, such cash shall be applied on the next succeeding sinking fund payment date to the redemption of Securities of such
series at the sinking fund redemption price together with accrued interest to the date fixed for redemption. If such amount shall be $50,000
(or the equivalent thereof in any Foreign Currency or Euro) or less and the Issuer makes no such request then it shall be carried over
until a sum in excess of $50,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any Foreign Currency or Euro) is available. Securities of such series shall
be selected in the manner provided in Section 13.2, for redemption on such sinking fund payment date in a sufficient principal amount
of Securities of such series to absorb said cash, as nearly as may be, and shall, in the case of any Securities in definitive form (if
requested in writing by the Issuer), inform the Issuer of the serial numbers of the Securities of such series (or portions thereof) so
selected. Securities shall be excluded from eligibility for redemption under this Section if they are identified by registration
and certificate number in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee at least 60 days prior to the sinking fund payment
date as being owned of record and beneficially by, and not pledged or hypothecated by either (i) the Issuer or (ii) an entity
specifically identified in such Officers Certificate as directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or
indirect common control with the Issuer. The Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer (or the Issuer, if it shall so request
the Trustee in writing) shall cause notice of redemption of the Securities of such series to be given in substantially the manner provided
in Section 13.2 (and with the effect provided in Section 13.3) for the redemption of Securities of such series in part at the
option of the Issuer. The amount of any sinking fund payments not so applied or allocated to the redemption of Securities of such series
shall be added to the next cash sinking fund payment for such series and, together with such payment, shall be applied in accordance with
the provisions of this Section. Any and all sinking fund monies held on the stated maturity date of the Securities of any particular series
(or earlier, if such maturity is accelerated), which are not held for the payment or redemption of particular Securities of such series
shall be applied, together with other monies, if necessary, sufficient for the purpose, to the payment of the principal of, and interest
on, the Securities of such series at maturity.

74

(e) On or before each sinking fund payment
date, the Issuer shall pay to the Trustee in cash or shall otherwise provide for the payment of all interest and Additional Amounts accrued
to the date fixed for redemption on Securities to be redeemed on the next following sinking fund payment date.

(f) No Securities of a series shall be redeemed
with sinking fund monies nor shall any notice of redemption of Securities for such series by operation of the sinking fund be given during
the continuance of a default in payment of interest on such Securities or of any Event of Default except that, where the giving of notice
of redemption of any Securities shall theretofore have been made, such Securities shall be redeemed, provided that the Trustee shall have
received from the Issuer a sum sufficient for such redemption. Except as aforesaid, any monies in the sinking fund for such series at
the time when any such default or Event of Default shall occur, and any monies thereafter paid into the sinking fund, shall, during the
continuance of such default or Event of Default, be deemed to have been collected under Article 5 and held for the payment of all
such Securities. In case such Event of Default shall have been waived as provided in Section 5.10 or the default cured on or before
the sixtieth day preceding the sinking fund payment date in any year, such monies shall thereafter be applied on the next succeeding sinking
fund payment date in accordance with this Section to the redemption of such Securities.

[Signature Page Follows]

75

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED

By: /s/ Matthew Kirk

Name: Matthew Kirk

Title: Chief Financial Officer

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee

By: /s/ Nathaniel Henkle

Name: Nathaniel Henkle

Title: Agent

[Signature Page to Base Indenture]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm259624d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

Execution Version

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED,

as ISSUER,

AND

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as TRUSTEE

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2025 to

JUNIOR SUBORDINATED INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2025

7.500% Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Notes
due 2045

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I 

Definitions 

SECTION 1.1. Conventions 2

SECTION 1.2. Certain Terms Defined 2

SECTION 1.3. Other Definitions 10

ARTICLE II 

General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 

SECTION 2.1. Designation and Principal Amount 10

SECTION 2.2. Further Issues 10

SECTION 2.3. Offices for Payments, Etc. 10

SECTION 2.4. Form and Dating 11

SECTION 2.5. Transfer and Exchange 13

SECTION 2.6. Definitive Notes 21

SECTION 2.7. Denominations 22

SECTION 2.8. Global Notes 22

SECTION 2.9. Supplemental Indentures 22

SECTION 2.10. Defeasance 22

SECTION 2.11. Consolidation, Merger Amalgamation,
Sale or Conveyance 22

SECTION 2.12. Appointment of Agents 22

SECTION 2.13. Depositary 22

SECTION 2.14. Form of Notes 23

ARTICLE III 

Interest 

SECTION 3.1. Interest Rate 23

SECTION 3.2. Calculation Agent 23

SECTION 3.3. Mandatory Deferral of Interest
Payments 24

SECTION 3.4. Arrears of Interest 24

SECTION 3.5. Dividend and Other Payment Stoppages During
Mandatory Deferral Periods 25

i

ARTICLE IV 

Repayment and Redemption; Variation and Substitution 

SECTION 4.1. Repayment at Final Maturity 26

SECTION 4.2. Make-Whole and Par Call Redemptions 27

SECTION 4.3. Optional Redemption upon a Capital
Disqualification Event 27

SECTION 4.4. Optional Redemption upon a Rating
Agency Event 28

SECTION 4.5. Optional Redemption upon a Tax
Event 28

SECTION 4.6. Notice of Redemption 28

SECTION 4.7. Conditions to Repayment and
Redemption 29

SECTION 4.8. Interest Following Redemption 30

SECTION 4.9. Mandatory Redemption 30

SECTION 4.10. Variation and Substitution 30

SECTION 4.11. Contractual Subordination 31

ARTICLE V 

Remedies of the Trustee and Securityholders on Event
of Default 

SECTION 5.1. Event of Default Defined; Acceleration
of Maturity; Waiver of Default 31

ARTICLE VI 

Miscellaneous 

SECTION 6.1. Ratification of Indenture 32

SECTION 6.2. Reports and 144A Information 32

SECTION 6.3. Trustee Not Responsible for
Recitals, Disposition of Notes or Application of Proceeds Thereof 33

SECTION 6.4. Tax Treatment 33

SECTION 6.5. New York Law to Govern; Waiver
of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction 34

SECTION 6.6. Counterparts 34

SECTION 6.7. Separability Clause 35

EXHIBIT A Form of Notes 

ii

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of March 18,
2025 (this Supplemental Indenture), between Enstar Group Limited, an exempted company formed under the laws of Bermuda,
as issuer (the Issuer), and The Bank of New York Mellon, a New York banking corporation, as trustee (the Trustee),
under the Indenture (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Issuer and the Trustee executed and
delivered the junior subordinated indenture, dated as of March 18, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Issuer and the
Trustee to provide for the issuance from time to time of junior subordinated debt securities of the Issuer (the Securities),
to be issued in one or more series;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Indenture,
the Issuer desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of Securities under the Indenture, to be known as its 7.500%
Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Notes due 2045 (the Notes), the form and substance of such series and the terms,
provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Issuer, pursuant
to resolutions duly adopted on November 6, 2024 and February 27, 2025, has duly authorized the issuance of the Notes and has
authorized its proper officers to execute any and all documents necessary or appropriate to effect such issuance;

WHEREAS, this Supplemental Indenture is being entered
into pursuant to the provisions of Sections 2.1, 2.3 and 8.1(a)(v) of the Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Issuer has requested that the Trustee
execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture;

AND WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make
this Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement according to its terms, and to make the Notes, when executed by the Issuer, authenticated
and delivered by the Trustee and registered in the name of the Depository (as defined below) or a nominee of the Depository, the valid
obligations of the Issuer, have been done and performed, and the execution of this Supplemental Indenture and the issue hereunder of
the Notes have been duly authorized in all respects.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and the purchase of the Notes by the Holders thereof, and for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Indenture, the forms and
terms of the Notes, the Issuer covenants and agrees with the Trustee, as follows:

ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.1. Conventions. Unless the
context otherwise requires:

(a) each term defined in the Indenture,
and not otherwise defined in this Supplemental Indenture, has the same meaning when used in this Supplemental Indenture;

(b) words in the singular include
the plural, and in the plural include the singular;

(c) references herein to Section numbers
are references to Sections of this Supplemental Indenture;

(d) the Indenture refers to the
Indenture as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture as the context requires;

(e) the words herein,
hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and
not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; and

(f) if any provision of the Applicable
Supervisory Regulations (as defined herein) referred to in the Notes or this Supplemental Indenture in connection with any requirements
applying to the Insurance Group is amended or replaced so that there is no corresponding provision in the amended or replacement measures,
then (i) if the requirement concerned is entirely dependent on the existence of such a corresponding provision, the requirement
shall cease to apply and (ii) if the requirement concerned is partially dependent on the existence of such a corresponding provision,
the requirement shall be deemed modified so that all parts of that requirement solely dependent on that provision shall cease to apply;
provided, in each case, that Holders of the Notes are not adversely affected thereby.

SECTION 1.2. Certain Terms Defined.
Unless the context otherwise requires:

Applicable Supervisory Regulations
means such insurance supervisory laws, rules and regulations relating to group supervision or the supervision of single insurance
entities, as applicable, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Insurance Group, and which shall initially mean the Group Rules until
such time when the BMA no longer has jurisdiction or responsibility to regulate the Issuer or the Insurance Group.

Arrears of Interest has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.4(a).

2

BMA means the Bermuda Monetary Authority
or, should the Bermuda Monetary Authority no longer have jurisdiction or responsibility to regulate the Issuer or the Insurance Group,
as the context requires, a regulator that administers the Applicable Supervisory Regulations.

BMA Approval means the BMA has given,
and not withdrawn by the applicable redemption date, its prior consent to the redemption of such Notes.

BMA Redemption Requirements has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.7(a).

Business Day means any day other than
a day on which banking institutions in The City of New York, Hamilton, Bermuda or any place of payment are authorized or required by
law, executive order or regulation to close.

Calculation Agent means, at any time,
the Person appointed by the Issuer and serving as such agent with respect to the Notes at such time.

A Capital Disqualification Event shall
be deemed to have occurred if the Notes cease to qualify, in whole or in part (including as a result of any transitional or grandfathering
provisions or otherwise), for purposes of determining the solvency margin, capital adequacy ratios or any other comparable ratios, regulatory
capital resource or level, of the Issuer or the Insurance Group, where capital is subdivided into tiers, as Tier 2 Capital securities
under then-applicable Applicable Supervisory Regulations imposed upon the Issuer or the Insurance Group by the BMA, which would include,
without limitation, the Enhanced Capital Requirement, except as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital.

capital stock has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.5(a).

Definitive Note means a certificated
Note bearing, if required, the appropriate restricted securities legend set forth herein.

Depositary means The Depository Trust
Company, its nominees and their respective successors.

Distribution Compliance Period, with
respect to any Notes, means the period of 40 consecutive days beginning on and including the later of (i) the day on which such
Notes are first offered to Persons other than distributors (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S and (ii) the
issue date with respect to such Notes.

ECR means the enhanced capital requirement
applicable to the Insurance Group and as defined in the Insurance Act or, should the Insurance Act or the Group Rules no longer
apply to the Insurance Group, any and all other solvency capital requirements defined in the Applicable Supervisory Regulations.

3

Enhanced Capital Requirement means
the ECR or any other requirement to maintain assets applicable to the Issuer or in respect of the Insurance Group, as applicable, pursuant
to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations.

Event of Default has the meaning set
forth in Section 5.1.

Final Maturity Date has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.1(a).

First Reset Date has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1.

Five-Year Treasury Rate means, as
of any Reset Interest Determination Date, the average of the yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to
constant maturity, for five-year maturities, for the most recent five Business Days appearing under the caption Treasury Constant
Maturities in the most recent H.15.

If the Five-Year Treasury Rate cannot be determined
pursuant to the method set forth above, the Calculation Agent, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to any of the foregoing
calculations, or any such source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate the Five-Year Treasury Rate, will determine the Five-Year
Treasury Rate in its sole discretion, provided that if the Calculation Agent determines there is an industry-accepted successor Five-Year
Treasury Rate, then the Calculation Agent will use such successor rate. If the Calculation Agent has determined a substitute or successor
base rate in accordance with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion may determine the business day convention, the
definition of Business Day and the Reset Interest Determination Date to be used and any other relevant methodology for
calculating such substitute or successor base rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such substitute or successor base
rate comparable to the Five-Year Treasury Rate, in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such substitute or
successor base rate. If the Five-Year Treasury Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the methods set forth above, then the Five-Year
Treasury Rate will be the same interest rate as in effect for the prior period.

Group Rules means the Group Solvency
Standards, together with the Group Supervision Rules.

Group Solvency Standards means the
Bermuda Insurance (Prudential Standards) (Insurance Group Solvency Requirement) Rules 2011, as those rules and regulations
may be amended or replaced from time to time.

4

Group Supervision Rules means the
Bermuda Insurance (Group Supervision) Rules 2011, as those rules and regulations may be amended or replaced from time to time.

H.15 means the daily statistical release
designated as such, or any successor publication as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, published by the Federal
Reserve Board, and most recent H.15 means the H.15 published closest in time but prior to the close of business on the
applicable Reset Interest Determination Date.

Institutional Accredited Investor
means an institutional accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities
Act.

Insurance Act means the Bermuda Insurance
Act 1978, as amended from time to time.

Insurance Group means (i) prior
to the closing of the Merger of the Issuer as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, all subsidiaries of the Issuer that are regulated
insurance or reinsurance companies (or part of such regulatory group) pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations and (ii) as
of and following the consummation of the Merger, Elk Bidco Limited and all of its subsidiaries that are regulated insurance or reinsurance
companies (or part of such regulatory group) pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, Insurance
Group refers to all such regulated insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries or other entities, on a collective basis, of which the BMA is
the group supervisor.

Interest Payment Date means April 1
and October 1 of each year.

A Mandatory Deferral Event shall be
deemed to have occurred if the Issuer or the Insurance Group is in breach of the Enhanced Capital Requirement, or would breach the Enhanced
Capital Requirement if payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on any junior
subordinated notes outstanding that rank equally in right of payment with the Notes, were made.

Mandatory Deferral Period has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.3.

Merger means the series of mergers
pursuant to the Merger Agreement resulting in the Issuer surviving such mergers as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent.

Merger Agreement means the Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated July 29, 2024, by and among the Issuer, the Parent, Elk Merger Sub Limited, Deer Ltd. and Deer Merger
Sub Ltd., as the same may be amended from time to time.

5

Parent means Elk Bidco Limited, an
exempted company limited by shares existing under the laws of Bermuda.

Par Call Date means, as of any date,
the date that is the first date of the next Par Call Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the first Par Call Date is October 1, 2034.

Par Call Period means the six-month
period prior to, and including, April 1, 2035, and thereafter, the six-month period commencing on October 1 of the year preceding
each year in which there is a Reset Date, prior to, and including each Reset Date.

Qualifying Equivalent Securities means
securities which have terms not materially less favorable to the Holders than the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation
with an independent investment bank, consulting firm or comparable expert of international standing on the subject, and which (i) satisfy
the criteria for the eligibility for inclusion of the proceeds of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital, under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations
for purposes of determining the solvency margin, capital adequacy ratios or any other comparable ratios, regulatory capital resource
or level, of the Issuer or the Insurance Group; (ii) contain terms providing for the same interest rate and interest payment dates
applying to the Notes; (iii) rank senior to or have the same ranking as the Notes; (iv) preserve all obligations as to repayment
of the Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of such repayment (including preserving the same Scheduled Maturity Date and
Final Maturity Date), but subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.7; (v) do not contain terms providing for loss absorption
through principal write-down or conversion to ordinary shares; and (vi) preserve any rights to any accrued and unpaid interest,
and any existing rights to other amounts payable under the Notes which has accrued to Holders and not been paid.

Qualified Institutional Buyer means
a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A.

A Rating Agency Event shall be deemed
to have occurred if any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act,
that then publishes a rating for the Issuer (a Rating Agency) amends, clarifies or changes the criteria it uses to assign
equity credit to securities such as the Notes, which amendment, clarification or change results in (1) the shortening of the length
of time the Notes are assigned a particular level of equity credit by that Rating Agency as compared to the length of time they would
have been assigned that level of equity credit by that Rating Agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Notes; or (2) the
lowering of the equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) assigned to the Notes by that Rating Agency as compared to the equity
credit assigned by that Rating Agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Notes.

6

Reset Date means the First Reset Date
and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the preceding Reset Date.

Reset Interest Determination Date
means, in respect of any Reset Period, the day falling two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Reset Period.

Reset Period means the period from
and including the First Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date and thereafter each period from and including each
Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date, or the Final Maturity Date or date of redemption, as the case may be.

Scheduled Maturity Date has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.1(a).

Securities Custodian means the custodian
with respect to a Global Note (as appointed by the Depositary), or any successor Person thereto and shall initially be the Trustee.

A Tax Event shall be deemed to have
occurred with respect to the Notes if an opinion of a recognized independent tax counsel has been delivered to the Trustee stating that,
as a result of: (i) any amendment to, clarification of, or change, including any announced prospective change, in the laws or treaties
of any Taxing Jurisdiction, or any regulations under those laws or treaties; (ii) an administrative action with respect to a Taxing
Jurisdiction, which means any judicial decision or any official administrative pronouncement, ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or
announcement including any notice or announcement of intent to issue or adopt any administrative pronouncement, ruling, regulatory procedure
or regulation; (iii) any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or the interpretation of any administrative
action or judicial decision or any interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to an administrative action
or judicial decision that differs from the previously generally accepted position, in each case by any legislative body, court, governmental
authority or regulatory body in a Taxing Jurisdiction, regardless of the manner in which that amendment, clarification or change is introduced
or made known; or (iv) a threatened challenge asserted in writing in connection with an audit of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries,
or a publicly known threatened challenge asserted in writing against any other taxpayer that has raised capital through the issuance
of securities that are substantially similar to the Notes, which amendment, clarification or change is effective or the administrative
action is taken or judicial decision, interpretation or pronouncement is issued or threatened challenge is asserted or becomes publicly
known after the date of the original issuance of the Notes, (i) there is more than an insubstantial risk that interest payable by
the Issuer in respect of the Notes is no longer, or within 90 days of the date of the opinion will no longer be, fully deductible by
the Issuer for income tax purposes in the applicable Taxing Jurisdiction, and that non-deductibility cannot be avoided by the Issuer
taking such reasonable measures as it (acting in good faith) deems appropriate or (ii) the Issuer will be required as of the next
Interest Payment Date to pay Additional Amounts and such requirement cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures (consistent
with practices and interpretations generally followed or in effect at the time such measures could be taken) then available.

7

Taxing Jurisdiction means the United
States, Bermuda, or any political subdivision thereof, or any authority or agency therein having the power to tax, or any other jurisdiction
from or through which the Issuer makes a payment on the Notes or in which the Issuer generally becomes subject to taxation, or any jurisdiction
in which a successor of the Issuer is formed.

Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2
Ancillary Capital under the Group Supervision Rules or, if the Group Supervision Rules are amended so as to no longer
refer to Tier 2 Ancillary Capital in this respect, the nearest corresponding concept (if any) under the Group Supervision Rules, as amended.

Transfer Restricted Notes means Notes
that bear or are required to bear the legend relating to restrictions on transfer relating to the Securities Act set forth in Section 2.5(e).

Treasury Rate means with respect to
any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer
after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for
the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the next Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields
one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the next Par Call Date
on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if
there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or
maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury
constant maturity from the redemption date.

8

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption
date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual
equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United
States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the next Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United
States Treasury security maturing on the next Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity
date equally distant from the next Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following
the Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there
are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the next Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities
meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities
the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United
States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph,
the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and
rounded to three decimal places.

A Winding-Up will occur, with respect
to the Issuer, if: (i) at any time an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer (except,
in any such case, a solvent winding-up solely for the purpose of a reorganization, merger or amalgamation or the substitution in place
of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganization, merger, amalgamation or substitution (A) have
previously been approved in writing by Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes and (B) do not
provide that the Notes or any amount in respect thereof shall thereby become payable); or (ii) a liquidator, provisional liquidator,
receiver or similar officer in respect of the Issuer is appointed and such liquidator, provisional liquidator, receiver or similar officer
gives notice that it intends to declare and distribute a dividend.

9

SECTION 1.3. Other Definitions.

Term Defined in

Section:

Agent Members 2.4(b)

Global Notes 2.4(a)

IAI 2.4(a)

IAI Global Note 2.4(a)

Permanent Regulation S Global Note 2.4(a)

Regulation S 2.4(a)

Regulation S Global Note 2.4(a)

Rule 144A 2.4(a)

Rule 144A Global Note 2.4(a)

Temporary Regulation S Global Note 2.4(a)

ARTICLE II

General Terms and Conditions of the Notes

SECTION 2.1. Designation and Principal Amount.
There is hereby authorized and established a series of Securities under the Indenture, designated as the 7.500% Fixed-Rate
Reset Junior Subordinated Notes due 2045, which is not limited in aggregate principal amount. The aggregate principal amount of
the Notes to be issued as of the date hereof shall be $350,000,000.

SECTION 2.2. Further Issues. So long
as no Event of Default or Mandatory Deferral Event shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Notes at the time of such
issuance, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, issue additional Notes. Any such additional
Notes will have the same interest rate, maturity date and other terms as the Notes, but may have a different issue date, issue price,
initial Interest Payment Date and initial interest accrual date. Any such additional Notes, together with any other Notes previously
issued pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture, will constitute a single series of Securities under the Indenture; provided that
if any such additional Notes would not be fungible with the Outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer shall
cause such additional Notes to be issued with a separate CUSIP number.

SECTION 2.3. Offices for Payments, Etc.
Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes will be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee,
or an office or agency maintained by the Issuer for such purpose, in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, in Dollars; provided,
however, that at the option of the Issuer payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled
thereto as such address shall appear in the Securities Register; and provided further, however, that all payments in respect
of Notes in the form of Global Securities shall be made by wire transfer in same-day funds in accordance with the applicable procedures
of the Depositary. In any case where the date of maturity or date of payment of interest on, premium, if any, or principal of any Note
or the date fixed for redemption of the Notes is not a Business Day, then the relevant payment need not be made on such date but may
be made on the next Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such date and no interest shall accrue in respect of such
amount for the period from and after such date. The Notes may be presented for registration of transfer and for exchange, and notices
to or upon the Issuer in respect of such Notes may be served, at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, or an office or agency maintained
by the Issuer for such purpose, in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York.

10

SECTION 2.4. Form and Dating.

(a) The Notes will be offered and
sold by the Issuer pursuant to a Purchase Agreement. The Notes will be resold initially only to (i) Qualified Institutional Buyers
in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) and (ii) Persons other than U.S. persons (as
defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). Notes may thereafter be transferred
to Qualified Institutional Buyers, purchasers in reliance on Regulation S and to Institutional Accredited Investors (IAI Notes)
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein. Notes initially resold pursuant to Rule 144A shall be issued initially
in the form of one or more permanent global securities in definitive, fully registered form (each a Rule 144A Global Note);
Notes initially resold pursuant to Regulation S shall be issued initially in the form of one or more temporary global securities in fully
registered form (each a Temporary Regulation S Global Note and, together with a permanent global security corresponding
to each Temporary Regulation S Global Note (each a Permanent Regulation S Global Note), each, a Regulation S Global
Note); and IAI Notes shall be issued initially in the form of one or more permanent global securities in definitive, fully registered
form (each, an IAI Global Note), in each case without interest coupons and with the global securities legend and the applicable
restricted securities legend set forth in Exhibit A hereto, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented
thereby with the Securities Custodian and registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary, duly executed by the
Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee as provided in the Indenture. Except as set forth in this Section 2.4(a), beneficial ownership
interests in a Temporary Regulation S Global Note will not be exchangeable for interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, a Permanent
Regulation S Global Note or any other Security prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period and then, after the expiration
of the Distribution Compliance Period, may be exchanged for interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, a Permanent Regulation S Global
Note or a Definitive Note only (i) upon certification in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee that beneficial ownership interests
in such Temporary Regulation S Global Note are owned either by non-U.S. persons or U.S. persons who purchased such interests in a transaction
that did not require registration under the Securities Act, and (ii) in the case of an exchange for a Definitive Note, in compliance
with the requirements of Section 2.4(a) hereof.

11

Beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes
may be exchanged for interests in Rule 144A Global Notes if (1) such exchange occurs in connection with a transfer of Notes
in compliance with Rule 144A and (2) the transferor of the beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note first delivers
to the Trustee a written certificate (in a form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Note registrar) to the effect that the beneficial
interest in the Regulation S Global Note is being transferred to a Person (a) whom the transferor reasonably believes to be a Qualified
Institutional Buyer, (b) purchasing for its own account or the account of a Qualified Institutional Buyer in a transaction meeting
the requirements of Rule 144A, and (c) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the States of the United States
and other jurisdictions.

Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global
Note may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Note, whether before or after
the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, only if the transferor first delivers to the Trustee a written certificate (in
form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Note registrar) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Rule 903
or 904 of Regulation S.

Transfers to a transferee who takes delivery of
such interest through an IAI Global Note shall be made only if the transferor first delivers to the Trustee a written certificate (in
form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Note registrar) to the effect that such transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor that
is acquiring the Notes not for distribution in violation of the Securities Act.

The Rule 144A Global Note, the Temporary Regulation
S Global Note, Permanent Regulation S Global Note and IAI Global Note are collectively referred to herein as Global Notes.
The aggregate principal amount of the Global Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records
of the Trustee and the Depositary or its nominee as hereinafter provided.

(b) Book-Entry Provisions. This
Section 2.4(b) shall apply only to a Global Note deposited with or on behalf of the Depositary.

The Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall,
in accordance with the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture, authenticate and deliver initially one or more Global Notes in respect
of the Notes that (a) shall be registered in the name of the Depositary and (b) shall be delivered by the Trustee to such Depositary
or the Securities Custodian.

12

Members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent
Members) shall have no rights under the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their
behalf by the Depositary or the Securities Custodian or under such Global Note, and the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer
or the Trustee shall be entitled to treat the Depositary as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Issuer, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee from giving effect to any
written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent Members,
the operation of customary practices of such Depositary governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of a beneficial interest in
any Global Note.

(c) Definitive Notes. Except
as provided in Section 2.5 or 2.6, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes shall not be entitled to receive physical delivery
of Definitive Notes.

SECTION 2.5. Transfer and Exchange.

(a) Transfer and Exchange of
Definitive Notes. When Definitive Notes are presented to the Note registrar with a request:

(1) to register the transfer of such Definitive Notes; or

(2) to exchange such Definitive Notes for an equal principal amount of
Definitive Notes of other authorized denominations,

the Note registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange
as requested if its reasonable requirements for such transaction are met; provided, however, that the Definitive Notes surrendered for
transfer or exchange:

(i) shall
be duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and the Note registrar,
duly executed by the Holder thereof or its attorney duly authorized in writing; and

(ii) if
such Definitive Notes are required to bear a restricted securities legend, they are being transferred or exchanged pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 2.5(b) or pursuant to clause (A), (B) or (C) below,
and are accompanied by the following additional information and documents, as applicable:

13

(A) if such Definitive Notes are being delivered to the Note registrar by
a Holder for registration in the name of such Holder, without transfer, a certification from
such Holder to that effect; or

(B) if such Definitive Notes are being transferred to the Issuer, a certification
to that effect; or

(C) if such Definitive Notes are being transferred (x) pursuant to
an exemption from registration in accordance with Rule 144A, Regulation S or Rule 144
under the Securities Act; (y) to an accredited investor (as defined in
rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act)
that, prior to such transfer, furnishes the Trustee a signed letter containing certain representations
and agreements relating to the transfer of this Definitive Note (the form of which can be
obtained from the Trustee) and, if such transfer is in respect of an aggregate principal
amount of securities less than $250,000, an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Issuer that
such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; or (z) in reliance upon another
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act: (i) a certification
to that effect (in the form set forth on the reverse of the Note) and (ii) with respect
to clause (z) of this paragraph, if the Issuer so requests, an opinion of counsel or
other evidence reasonably satisfactory to it as to the compliance with the restrictions set
forth in the legend set forth in the restricted securities legend and herein.

(b) Restrictions on Transfer
of a Definitive Note for a Beneficial Interest in a Global Note. A Definitive Note may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest
in a Rule 144A Global Note, a Permanent Regulation S Global Note or an IAI Global Note except upon satisfaction of the requirements
set forth below. Upon receipt by the Note registrar of a Definitive Note, duly endorsed or accompanied by appropriate instruments of
transfer, in form satisfactory to the Note registrar, together with:

(1) certification, in the form set forth on the reverse of the Note, that
such Definitive Note is either (A) being transferred to a Qualified Institutional Buyer
in accordance with Rule 144A, (B) being transferred after expiration of the Distribution
Compliance Period by a Person who initially purchased such Note in reliance on Regulation
S to a buyer who elects to hold its interest in such Note in the form of a beneficial interest
in the Permanent Regulation S Global Note or (C) being transferred to an accredited
investor (as defined in rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes the Trustee a signed
letter containing certain representations and agreements relating to the transfer of the
Note (the form of which can be obtained from the Trustee) and, if such transfer is in respect
of an aggregate principal amount of Notes less than $250,000, an opinion of counsel acceptable
to the Issuer that such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; and

14

(2) written instructions directing the Trustee to make, or to direct the
Securities Custodian to make, an adjustment on its books and records with respect to such
Rule 144A Global Note (in the case of a transfer pursuant to clause (b)(1)(A)), Permanent
Regulation S Global Note (in the case of a transfer pursuant to clause (b)(1)(B)) or IAI
Global Note (in the case of a transfer pursuant to clause (b)(1)(C)) to reflect an increase
in the aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented by the Rule 144A Global Note
or Permanent Regulation S Global Note, as applicable, such instructions to contain information
regarding the Depositary account to be credited with such increase,

then the Trustee shall cancel such Definitive Note and cause, or direct
the Securities Custodian to cause, in accordance with the standing instructions and procedures existing between the Depositary and the
Securities Custodian, the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Rule 144A Global Note, Permanent Regulation S Global
Note or IAI Global Note, as applicable, to be increased by the aggregate principal amount of the Definitive Note to be exchanged and
shall credit or cause to be credited to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A
Global Note, Permanent Regulation S Global Note or IAI Global Note, as applicable, equal to the principal amount of the Definitive Note
so canceled. If no Rule 144A Global Notes, Permanent Regulation S Global Notes or IAI Global Notes, as applicable, are then outstanding,
the Issuer shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate, upon written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate
of the Issuer, a new Rule 144A Global Note, Permanent Regulation S Global Note or IAI Global Note, as applicable, in the appropriate
principal amount.

15

(c) Transfer and Exchange of
Global Notes.

(1) The transfer and exchange of Global Notes or beneficial interests
therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the Indenture and this
Supplemental Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth herein, if
any) and the procedures of the Depositary therefor. A transferor of a beneficial interest
in a Global Note shall deliver to the Note registrar a written order given in accordance
with the Depositarys procedures containing information regarding the participant account
of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the Global Note. The Note
registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions instruct the Depositary to credit to
the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the Global
Note and to debit the account of the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in
the Global Note being transferred. Transfers by an owner of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A
Global Note to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through the Regulation S
Global Note, whether before or after the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period,
shall be made only upon receipt by the Trustee of a certification in the form provided on
the reverse of the Notes from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made
in accordance with Regulation S or (if available) Rule 144 under the Securities Act
and that, if such transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance
Period, the interest transferred shall be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear or
Clearstream.

(2) If the proposed transfer is a transfer of a beneficial interest in
one Global Note to a beneficial interest in another Global Note, the Note registrar shall
reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in the principal amount of the
Global Note to which such interest is being transferred in an amount equal to the principal
amount of the interest to be so transferred, and the Note registrar shall reflect on its
books and records the date and a corresponding decrease in the principal amount of the Global
Note from which such interest is being transferred.

(3) Notwithstanding any other provisions herein (other than the provisions
set forth in Section 2.4), a Global Note may not be transferred as a whole except by
the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary
or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor
Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary.

16

(4) In the event that a beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged
for Definitive Notes pursuant to Section 2.6, such Notes may be exchanged only in accordance
with such procedures as are substantially consistent with the provisions of this Section 2.5
(including the certification requirements set forth on the reverse of the Notes intended
to ensure that such transfers comply with Rule 144A, Regulation S or another applicable
exemption under the Securities Act, as the case may be) and such other procedures as may
from time to time be adopted by the Issuer.

(d) Restrictions on Transfer of
Temporary Regulation S Global Notes. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, interests in the Temporary Regulation
S Global Notes may only be held through Euroclear or Clearstream. During the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests
in Temporary Regulation S Global Notes may only be sold, pledged or transferred through Euroclear or Clearstream in accordance with their
applicable procedures and only (i) to the Issuer, (ii) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S (other than
a transaction resulting in an exchange for an interest in a Permanent Regulation S Global Note) or (iii) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United
States. Upon the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in the Regulation S Global Note shall
be transferable in accordance with applicable law and the other terms of the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture.

17

(e) Legends.

(1) Except as permitted by the following paragraph (2), each Note certificate
evidencing the Rule 144A Global Notes shall bear a legend in substantially the following
form (each defined term in the legend being defined as such for purposes of the legend only):

THIS SECURITY (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) WAS
ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS SECURITY IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION
FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY AGREES FOR
THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS SECURITY MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (I) TO
THE ISSUER, (II) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED
IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (III) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN
AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (IV) TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED
IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES THE TRUSTEE
A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (THE FORM OF WHICH CAN
BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE) AND, IF SUCH TRANSFER IS IN RESPECT OF AN AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF SECURITIES LESS THAN $250,000,
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT, (V) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR (VI) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (VI) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS
OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES, AND (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS
SECURITY FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (A) ABOVE.

18

Each Note certificate evidencing the Regulation S Temporary
Global Notes shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (each defined term in the legend being defined as such for purposes
of the legend only):

THIS SECURITY (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) WAS
ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION ORIGINALLY EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. TERMS USED
ABOVE HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY AGREES FOR
THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS SECURITY MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (I) TO
THE ISSUER, (II) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED
IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (III) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN
AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (IV) TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED
IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES THE TRUSTEE
A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (THE FORM OF WHICH CAN
BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE) AND, IF SUCH TRANSFER IS IN RESPECT OF AN AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF SECURITIES LESS THAN $250,000,
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT, (V) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR (VI) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (VI) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS
OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES, AND (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS
SECURITY FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (A) ABOVE.

19

Each Definitive Note shall also bear the following additional
legend:

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE
HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.

(2) Upon any sale or transfer of a Transfer Restricted Note (including
any Transfer Restricted Note represented by a Global Note) pursuant to Rule 144 under
the Securities Act, the Note registrar shall permit the transferee thereof to exchange such
Transfer Restricted Note for a Definitive Note that does not bear the legend set forth above
and rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Transfer Restricted Note, if the transferor
thereof certifies in writing to the Note registrar that such sale or transfer was made in
reliance on Rule 144 (such certification to be in the form set forth on the reverse
of the Note).

20

(f) The Trustee shall have no obligation
or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Supplemental Indenture
or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between or among Agent
Members or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Security) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation
or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Supplemental Indenture, and
to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

SECTION 2.6. Definitive Notes.

(a) A Global Note deposited with
the Depositary or with the Trustee as Securities Custodian for the Depositary pursuant to Section 2.4 shall be transferred to the
beneficial owners thereof in the form of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Global
Note, in exchange for such Global Note, only if such transfer complies with Section 2.5 hereof and (i) the Depositary notifies
the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Note or if at any time such Depositary shall no longer
be eligible to act as such because it ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case,
a successor depositary or clearing system is not appointed within 90 days of such notice or cessation, or (ii) upon written request
of a Holder or the Trustee upon the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default under the Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental
Indenture.

(b) Any Global Note that is transferable
to the beneficial owners thereof pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be surrendered by the Depositary to the Trustee located at the
Corporate Trust Office to be so transferred, in whole or from time to time in part, without charge, and the Trustee shall authenticate
and deliver, upon such transfer of each portion of such Global Note, an equal aggregate principal amount of Definitive Notes of authorized
denominations. Any portion of a Global Note transferred pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be executed, authenticated and delivered
only in minimum denominations of $2,000 principal amount and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof and registered in such
names as the Depositary shall direct. Any Definitive Note delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Note shall, except as otherwise
provided by Section 2.3(e) hereof, bear the applicable restricted securities legend and definitive securities legend set forth
in Exhibit A hereto, as applicable.

21

(c) Subject to the provisions of
Section 2.6(b) hereof, the registered Holder of a Global Note shall be entitled to grant proxies and otherwise authorize any
Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests through Agent Members, to take any action which a Holder is entitled
to take under the Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture or the Notes.

(d) In the event of the occurrence
of one of the events specified in Section 2.6(a) hereof, the Issuer shall promptly make available to the Trustee a reasonable
supply of Definitive Notes in definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons. In the event that such Definitive Notes are
not issued, the Issuer expressly acknowledges, with respect to the right of any Holder to pursue a remedy pursuant to the Indenture or
this Supplemental Indenture, the right of any beneficial owner of Securities to pursue such remedy with respect to the portion of the
Global Note that represents such beneficial owners Notes as if such Definitive Notes had been issued.

SECTION 2.7. Denominations. The Notes
will be issued in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

SECTION 2.8. Global Securities. The
Notes will be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Securities.

SECTION 2.9. Supplemental Indentures.

(a) Sections 8.1(a)(i) and
8.1(a)(vii) of the Indenture shall not apply to the Notes.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in Section 8.2(a) of the Indenture, no supplemental indenture may, without the consent of each Holder of an affected
Note and the BMA, change the stated maturity of, the principal of, or any premium or installment of interest on, any of the Notes.

SECTION 2.10. Defeasance. The provisions
of Article 10 of the Indenture will apply to the Notes.

SECTION 2.11. Consolidation, Merger Amalgamation,
Sale or Conveyance. The Merger is not subject to provisions of Article 9 of the Indenture.

SECTION 2.12. Appointment of Agents.
The Trustee will initially be the paying agent, Note registrar and Securities Custodian for the Notes.

SECTION 2.13. Depositary. The Depository
Trust Company, a New York corporation, will initially act as Depositary with respect to the Notes.

22

SECTION 2.14. Form of Notes. The
Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A
hereto.

ARTICLE III

Interest

SECTION 3.1. Interest Rate. The Notes
will bear interest (i) from the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, April 1, 2035 (the First Reset Date) at
the fixed rate of 7.500% per annum and (ii) from, and including, the First Reset Date, during each Reset Period, at a rate per annum
equal to the Five-Year Treasury Rate as of the most recent Reset Interest Determination Date plus 3.186% to be reset on each Reset Date.
Interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1,
2025, to Holders of record on the immediately preceding March 15 and September 15, respectively. Interest on the Notes will
accrue from the most recent Interest Payment Date or, if no interest has been paid, from March 18, 2025. Interest on the Notes will
be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprising twelve 30-day months. Whenever the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture refers
to, in any context (except as otherwise provided in the proviso to this sentence), the payment of principal, premium, if any, interest
or any other amount payable under or with respect to any Note, such reference shall include the payment of Additional Amounts to the
extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof provided that, notwithstanding the
foregoing and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, the reference to Principal in Section 5.1(b) of the
Indenture shall not include any Additional Amounts that may be payable in respect of the Principal, if any, on the Notes. All Additional
Amounts, if any, payable in respect of the Notes shall be treated as additional Interest on such Notes, and accordingly, the proviso
to the foregoing sentence means that, for purposes of determining whether an Event of Default has occurred with respect to the Notes,
any failure by the Issuer to pay any Additional Amounts that are payable in respect to the Notes when due will be entitled to the same
30 day grace period to which a failure to pay Interest on such Notes when due would be entitled as set forth in Section 5.1(a) of
the Indenture. As a result, any failure by the Issuer to pay Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes (including, without limitation,
Additional Amounts payable in respect of Principal of or premium, if any, on such Notes) when due will not be an Event of Default with
respect to the Notes under the Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, unless such default continues for 30 days.

SECTION 3.2. Calculation Agent. Unless
the Issuer has validly redeemed all Outstanding Notes on or before the First Reset Date, it will appoint a Calculation Agent with respect
to the Notes prior to the Reset Interest Determination Date preceding the First Reset Date. The Issuer may terminate any such appointment
as long as it appoints a successor agent at the time of termination. The Issuer will initially act as Calculation Agent and may subsequently
appoint one of its affiliates as Calculation Agent. The applicable interest rate for each Reset Period will be determined by the Calculation
Agent, as of the applicable Reset Interest Determination Date. Promptly upon such determination, the Calculation Agent will notify the
Issuer of the interest rate for the relevant Reset Period. The Issuer shall then promptly notify the Trustee and paying agent in writing
of such interest rate. The Calculation Agents determination of any interest rate and its calculation of the amount of interest
for any Reset Period beginning on or after the First Reset Date shall be on file at the Issuers principal offices and will be
made available to any Holder of the Notes upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error.

23

SECTION 3.3. Mandatory Deferral of Interest
Payments. If, as of any Interest Payment Date, a Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing (the duration of such continuance,
a Mandatory Deferral Period), the Issuer shall be required to defer payment of all (and not less than all) of the interest
accrued on the Notes as of such Interest Payment Date. Any such accrued interest, the payment of which is so deferred, so long as such
interest remains unpaid, will constitute Arrears of Interest and will be subject to Section 3.4. Prior to a Mandatory Deferral Event,
the Issuer shall provide to the Trustee an Officers Certificate (which need not comply with the requirements of Section 12.5
of the Indenture) identifying the beginning of the Mandatory Deferral Period and shall notify the Holders of the Notes at least five
Business Days before the first Interest Payment Date during the Mandatory Deferral Period, unless the Mandatory Deferral Event occurs
within such five Business Day period, in which case the Issuer shall so notify the Holders promptly following the occurrence of such
Mandatory Deferral Event.

Notwithstanding any other provision in the Notes,
the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture, the deferral resulting from a Mandatory Deferral Event will constitute neither an Event
of Default nor a default of any kind, and will not give Holders or the Trustee any right to accelerate repayment of the Notes or any
other remedies pursuant to Article 5 of the Indenture or otherwise.

SECTION 3.4. Arrears of Interest.

(a) Any interest in respect of the
Notes not paid on an Interest Payment Date, together with any interest in respect of the Notes not paid on an earlier Interest Payment
Date will, so long as the same remains unpaid, constitute Arrears of Interest in respect of the Notes. Arrears of Interest
shall be compounded on each subsequent Interest Payment Date and bear interest at the interest rate payable on the Notes (such compounded
interest also constituting Arrears of Interest). Arrears of Interest on the Notes will remain outstanding, and will accumulate interest,
for so long as they remain unpaid. Any references in the Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture or the Notes to accrued and unpaid
interest shall include any Arrears of Interest. The amount of any Arrears of Interest will be calculated by the Issuer or the
Calculation Agent.

24

(b) So long as no Event of Default
or Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing, at the Issuers option, Arrears of Interest on the Notes may be paid
in whole or in part to the Persons in whose names the Notes are registered as of the close of business on the 15th calendar day (whether
or not such date is a Business Day) immediately preceding the date on which payment of such Arrears of Interest is to be made, at any
time upon the expiration of not more than 15 nor less than five Business Days written notice to the Trustee, the paying agent
and the Holders of the Notes to such effect (which written notice shall specify the amount of such Arrears of Interest).

(c) If not previously paid, Arrears
of Interest with respect to the Notes shall become due and payable, and shall be paid by the Issuer in whole (and not in part), on the
earliest of:

(1) so long as no Event of Default or Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred
and is continuing, the next Interest Payment Date;

(2) the date of redemption of the Notes in accordance with Article IV;

(3) the date on which a Winding-Up occurs; or

(4) the Final Maturity Date;

provided that, in the event of there being
Arrears of Interest on the Final Maturity Date, such Arrears of Interest shall be paid before any repayment of principal.

SECTION 3.5. Dividend and Other Payment
Stoppages During Mandatory Deferral Periods. So long as the Notes remain outstanding, if a Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred
and is continuing, and for so long as any Arrears of Interest remain outstanding, then the Issuer will not:

(a) declare or pay any dividends
or distributions on its preferred shares or ordinary shares (collectively, capital stock), other than a dividend payable
solely in the form of equity securities, warrants, options or other rights where the dividend stock or the stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, options or other rights is the same stock as that on which the dividend is being paid or ranks equally with or junior
to such capital stock; or

(b) repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire for consideration any shares of capital stock, directly or indirectly (other than (i) as a result of a reclassification
of capital stock for or into other capital stock or the exchange or conversion of one share of capital stock for or into another share
of capital stock, (ii) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of capital stock or (iii) as
required by or necessary to fulfill the terms of any employment contract, benefit plan or similar arrangement with or for the benefit
of one or more employees, directors or consultants).

25

ARTICLE IV

Repayment and Redemption; Variation and Substitution

SECTION 4.1. Repayment at Final Maturity.

(a) Unless the Notes are redeemed
prior to maturity, the Notes will mature, and the principal amount of the Notes will become payable on the Final Maturity Date, at a
price equal to the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but excluding, the Final Maturity
Date. The Final Maturity Date means (1) April 1, 2045 (the Scheduled Maturity Date), if, on the
Scheduled Maturity Date, the BMA Redemption Requirements are satisfied, or (2) otherwise, following the Scheduled Maturity Date,
on the earlier of (i) the date falling ten Business Days after the BMA Redemption Requirements are satisfied and would continue
to be satisfied if such payment were made and (ii) the date on which a Winding-Up occurs.

(b) For the avoidance of doubt,
interest shall continue to accrue and be payable (and any deferred interest shall constitute Arrears of Interest) for so long as the
principal amount of the Notes remains outstanding. In the event the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Final Maturity Date are not the same,
failure to repay the Notes on the Scheduled Maturity Date will constitute neither an Event of Default nor a default of any kind and will
not give Holders of the Notes or the Trustee any right to accelerate repayment of the Notes or any other remedies pursuant to Article 5
of the Indenture or otherwise.

(c) The Issuer shall notify the
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes at least ten Business Days before the Scheduled Maturity Date if the BMA Redemption Requirements
will not be satisfied on the Scheduled Maturity Date, unless the BMA Redemption Requirements are no longer satisfied within such ten
Business Day period, in which case the Issuer shall so notify the Holders as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence
of such failure to satisfy the BMA Redemption Requirements, which notice shall state the cause of the failure to satisfy the BMA Redemption
Requirements, and the repayment shall be deferred until such time as the BMA Redemption Requirements are satisfied. In such event, the
Issuer shall further notify the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes not more than ten Business Days following the satisfaction of the
BMA Redemption Requirements that the BMA Redemption Requirements have been satisfied and stating the new repayment date for the Notes,
which shall be no later than the 15th Business Day following the date the BMA Redemption Requirements were satisfied.

26

SECTION 4.2. Make-Whole and Par Call Redemptions.

(a) Subject to the BMA Redemption
Requirements, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part (equal to $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof), at any time that is not during a Par Call Period, at a redemption price, as calculated by the Issuer, equal to the
greater of:

(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and

(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of
principal and interest on such Notes (not including any portion of such payments of interest
accrued as of such redemption date) that would be due if the Notes matured on the next Par
Call Date, discounted to such redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day
year comprising twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate, plus 50 basis points;

plus, in the case of each of (i) and (ii),
accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes to, but excluding, such redemption date.

(b) At any time during a Par Call
Period, subject to the BMA Redemption Requirements, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption
price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes to, but excluding,
such redemption date.

(c) The Issuers actions and
determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

SECTION 4.3. Optional Redemption upon a
Capital Disqualification Event. Subject to the BMA Redemption Requirements, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole
but not in part, at any time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
on such Notes to, but excluding, such redemption date, within 90 days of the date on which it has reasonably determined that, as a result
of (i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations of Bermuda that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial
issuance of the Notes; (ii) any proposed amendment to, or change in, those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective
after the initial issuance of the Notes; or (iii) any official administrative decision, judicial decision, administrative action
or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of the
Notes, a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred.

27

SECTION 4.4. Optional Redemption upon a
Rating Agency Event. Subject to the BMA Redemption Requirements, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole but not
in part, at any time, at a redemption price equal to 102% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such
Notes to, but excluding, such redemption date, within 90 days after the occurrence of a Rating Agency Event.

SECTION 4.5. Optional Redemption upon a
Tax Event. Subject to the BMA Redemption Requirements, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part,
at any time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Notes to,
but excluding, such redemption date, after the occurrence of a Tax Event. For the avoidance of doubt, Section 3.12 of the Indenture
shall not apply to the Notes.

SECTION 4.6. Notice of Redemption. Notwithstanding
Section 13.2 of the Indenture, the Issuer will provide notice of any redemption at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before
the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed, in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.4 and Section 13.2
of the Indenture. For the avoidance of doubt, whenever any determination is required to be made as to whether any redemption occurs within
or not within a Par Call Period or any other specified period, the actual date of redemption and not the date of notice of redemption
shall govern. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes at least ten Business Days before the applicable redemption
date if the BMA Redemption Requirements will not be satisfied on the applicable redemption date, unless the BMA Redemption Requirements
are no longer satisfied within such ten Business Day period, in which case the Issuer shall so notify the Trustee and the Holders as
soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of such failure to satisfy the BMA Redemption Requirements, which notice shall
state the cause of the failure to satisfy the BMA Redemption Requirements, and the redemption shall be deferred until such time as the
BMA Redemption Requirements are satisfied. In such event, the Issuer shall further notify the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes not
more than ten Business Days following the satisfaction of the BMA Redemption Requirements that the BMA Redemption Requirements have been
satisfied and stating the new redemption date for the Notes, which shall be no later than the 15th Business Day following the date the
BMA Redemption Requirements were satisfied.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection
of the Notes for redemption will be made by lot by the Trustee. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in
part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal
amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the
name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by The Depository
Trust Company (or another Depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the
Depositary.

28

SECTION 4.7. Conditions to Repayment and
Redemption.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth in the Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture or the Notes, the Notes may not be redeemed at any time or repaid
prior to April 1, 2030 without BMA Approval, or at any time if the Enhanced Capital Requirement would be breached immediately before
or after giving effect to such redemption or repayment of the Notes, in each case, unless the Issuer or a subsidiary of the Issuer replaces
the capital represented by the Notes to be redeemed or repaid with capital having equal or better capital treatment as the Notes under
the then applicable Supervisory Regulations (collectively the BMA Redemption Requirements).

(b) In the event that the Notes
are not redeemed or repaid as a result of a failure to satisfy the BMA Redemption Requirements, interest on the Notes will continue to
accrue and be paid on each Interest Payment Date (subject to Section 3.3 and Section 3.4) until the first date on which final
payment on the Notes may be made as described in Section 4.1, at which time the Notes will become due and payable, and will be finally
repaid at the principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest in the manner and subject to the conditions
of Section 4.7(a).

(c) Notwithstanding any provision
of the Notes, this Supplemental Indenture or the Indenture, in the event of non-payment on a scheduled redemption date or the Scheduled
Maturity Date resulting from a failure to satisfy the BMA Redemption Requirements in accordance with this Section 4.7, the Notes
to be redeemed or repaid will not become due and payable on such date, and such non-payment will constitute neither an Event of Default
nor a default of any kind with respect to the Notes, and will not give Holders of the Notes or the Trustee any right to accelerate repayment
of the Notes or any other remedies pursuant to Article 5 of the Indenture or otherwise.

(d) An Officers Certificate
relating to the Notes in connection with repayment or any redemption under this Article IV certifying that (i) the BMA Redemption
Requirements have not been met or would not be met if the Notes were repaid or the applicable redemption payment were made, (ii) the
BMA Redemption Requirements have been met and would continue to be met if the Notes were to be repaid or the applicable redemption payment
were made or (iii) no such BMA Redemption Requirements apply shall, in the absence of manifest error, be deemed to be correct and
sufficient evidence thereof and shall be final and binding on the Holders, the Trustee and all other interested parties. The Trustee
shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such Officers Certificate without liability to any Person and shall have no duty to
ascertain the existence of any such manifest error.

29

SECTION 4.8. Interest Following Redemption.
Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price (including, for this purpose, a non-payment in the event the BMA Requirements
have not been satisfied), on and after a redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions of the Notes called
for redemption.

SECTION 4.9. Mandatory Redemption. The
Issuer is not required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

SECTION 4.10. Variation and Substitution.

(a) If a Capital Disqualification
Event, Rating Agency Event or Tax Event occurs, the Issuer may, as an alternative to redemption of the Notes, at any time, without the
consent of any Holder, vary any term or condition of the Notes or substitute all (but not less than all) of the Notes for other Notes,
so that the varied Notes or the substituted Notes, as the case may be, constitute Qualifying Equivalent Securities.

(b) In the event of a substitution
pursuant to this Section 4.10, the principal amount of the Qualifying Equivalent Securities to be received by Holders in substitution
shall be equal to the principal amount of the Notes substituted.

(c) Any variation or substitution
of the Notes is subject to no more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days prior notice by the Issuer to the Holders (which notice
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for such variation or substitution) in accordance with Section 12.4 of the
Indenture and shall be further subject to:

(1) the Issuer being in compliance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations
on the date of such variation or substitution (after giving effect to such variation or substitution),
and such variation or substitution not resulting directly or indirectly in a breach of the
Applicable Supervisory Regulations;

(2) the Issuer complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or
any other relevant authority) on which the Issuer has had the Notes listed or admitted to
trading;

30

(3) in respect of substitution only, all payments of interest, including
Arrears of Interest, and any other amount payable under the Notes that, in each case, has
accrued to Holders of the Notes and has not been paid, being satisfied in full on or prior
to the date thereof; and

(4) immediately after the substitution or variation the Issuer not triggering
its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 4.3, Section 4.4 or Section 4.5.

(d) The Issuer shall deliver to
the Trustee on the date fixed for any such variation or substitution an Officers Certificate, upon which the Trustee shall be
permitted to conclusively rely, stating that all conditions precedent hereunder to such variation or substitution, including, without
limitation, the conditions set forth in Section 4.10(c), have been complied with.

SECTION 4.11. Contractual Subordination.
The Notes will be contractually subordinated in right of payment to any existing and future liabilities of the Issuers subsidiaries
(other than the junior subordinated obligations of the Issuers subsidiary Enstar Finance LLC that the Issuer guarantees on a junior
subordinated basis), including amounts owed to holders of reinsurance and insurance policies issued by its reinsurance and insurance
company subsidiaries.

ARTICLE V

Remedies of the Trustee and Securityholders
on Event of Default

SECTION 5.1. Event of Default Defined; Acceleration
of Maturity; Waiver of Default. Solely with respect to the Notes, the following shall supersede and replace the first paragraph of
Section 5.1, including Section 5.1(a) through (g), of the Indenture in its entirety as follows:

SECTION 5.1. Event of Default
Defined; Acceleration of Maturity; Waiver of Default. Event of Default with respect to Securities of any series wherever
used herein, means each one of the following events which shall have occurred and be continuing (whatever the reason for such Event of
Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order
of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(a) a default in payment of principal
or any premium when due, other than if the Issuer is required to postpone payment due to failure to satisfy the BMA Redemption Requirements,
in accordance with the Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture;

31

(b) a default for 30 days in the
payment of any interest upon any of the Securities (other than upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Deferral Event);

(c) INTENTIONALLY OMITTED;

(d) INTENTIONALLY OMITTED;

(e) a decree or order by a court
having jurisdiction in the premises shall have been entered adjudging the Issuer as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed
a petition seeking reorganization of the Issuer under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in
effect, and such decree or order shall have continued undischarged and unstayed for a period of 90 days; or a decree or order of a court
having jurisdiction in the premises for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator or trustee or assignee in bankruptcy or insolvency
of the Issuer or of its property, or for the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, shall have been entered, and such decree or order
shall have remained in force and unstayed for a period of 90 days;

(f) the Issuer shall commence a
voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or consent to the entry of
an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Issuer or for any substantial part of its property, or make
any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become
due; or

(g) INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.

ARTICLE VI

Miscellaneous

SECTION 6.1. Ratification of Indenture.
The Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Supplemental Indenture
shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided; provided that the provisions
of this Supplemental Indenture apply solely with respect to the Notes.

SECTION 6.2. Reports and 144A Information.
For so long as the Issuer is subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, it will provide to the Trustee and the
Holders, within 15 days of the time periods required (after giving effect to Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange Act), all quarterly and
annual financial information that would be required to be contained in a filing with the Commission on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, and all current
reports that would be required to be filed with the Commission on Form 8-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be deemed
to have satisfied these requirements if such reports and information are made available on our website or on EDGAR (or any successor
system). If at any time the Issuer is not subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision,
and for so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will provide to the Trustee, within 15 days of the filing date that would be
applicable to a non-accelerated filer at that time pursuant to applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, the annual and
quarterly financial statements and accompanying Item 303 of Regulation S-K disclosure (managements discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations) substantially in the form that would be required to be contained in Forms 10-K
and 10-Q, respectively, if the Issuer were subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision,
and the Issuer will make such financial statements and related discussion available to the Trustee and participating Holders of the Notes
by posting such items to a password-protected or other secured website that requires evidence of such persons ownership interest
in the Notes. In addition, during any time the Issuer is not subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or
any successor provision, and for so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will also make available on its website the annual
audited financial statements that the Issuer files with the BMA in accordance with rule 23 of the Group Supervision Rules, as well
as unaudited semi-annual financial statements, in each case promptly after the availability thereof. To the extent not furnished to Holders
in connection with the foregoing, for so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will furnish to the Holders of the Notes and prospective
investors, upon their request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.

32

SECTION 6.3. Trustee Not Responsible for
Recitals, Disposition of Notes or Application of Proceeds Thereof. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes, except the Trustees
certificate of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness
of the same. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or of the Notes. The
Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Issuer of any of the Notes or of the proceeds thereof. Delivery of
any reports, documents and information to the Trustee, as described in Section 6.2, is for informational purposes only, the Trustee
shall have no liability or responsibility for the filing, posting, content or timeliness of any report or notification from the Issuer,
and the Trustees receipt of such reports, documents and information shall not constitute actual or constructive notice of any
information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Issuers compliance with any of
its covenants under the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers
Certificates).

SECTION 6.4. Tax Treatment. The Issuer
agrees, and each Holder and beneficial owner of the Notes will, by accepting the Notes or a beneficial interest therein, be deemed to
have agreed, to treat the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless otherwise required by applicable law.

33

SECTION 6.5. New York Law to Govern; Waiver
of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction.

(a) This Supplemental Indenture
and each Note and Coupon shall be deemed to be a contract under the laws of the State of New York, and for all purposes shall be construed
in accordance with the laws of such State.

(b) EACH OF THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE
AND THE HOLDERS BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF ANY NOTE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTION
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(c) The Issuer agrees that any suit,
action or proceeding against the Issuer may be brought by any Holder or the Trustee arising out of or based upon this Supplemental Indenture
or the Notes may be instituted in any state or U.S. federal court in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York, and any appellate
court from any thereof, and each of them irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action or
proceeding. The Issuer irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to any suit, action, or proceeding that
may be brought in connection with this Supplemental Indenture or any Note, including such actions, suits or proceedings relating to securities
laws of the United States of America or any state thereof, in such courts whether on the grounds of venue, residence or domicile or on
the ground that any such suit, action or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The Issuer agrees that final judgment
in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer and may be enforced in any
court to the jurisdiction of which the Issuer, as the case may be, is subject by a suit upon such judgment.

SECTION 6.6. Counterparts. This Supplemental
Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute
but one and the same instrument. Each of this Supplemental Indenture and the Notes may be signed by manual, facsimile or pdf or other
electronically-imaged signature (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law).

34

SECTION 6.7. Separability Clause. If
any provision of this Supplemental Indenture or of the Notes, or the application of any such provision to any Person or circumstance,
shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this Supplemental Indenture or of the Notes, or the application
of such provision to Persons or circumstances other than those as to whom or which it is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED, as Issuer

By: /s/ Matthew Kirk

Name: Matthew Kirk

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to First
Supplemental Indenture]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as
Trustee

By: /s/ Nathaniel Henkle

Name: Nathaniel Henkle

Title: Agent

[Signature Page to
First Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]

[THIS SECURITY IS IN GLOBAL FORM WITHIN THE
MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), OR A NOMINEE OF DTC, WHICH MAY BE TREATED BY THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS OWNER AND HOLDER
OF THIS SECURITY FOR ALL PURPOSES.

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE
TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER
USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN
INTEREST HEREIN.

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN
PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES REFERRED TO IN THE INDENTURE, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT
BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY (I) DTC TO A NOMINEE OF DTC OR (II) A NOMINEE OF DTC TO DTC OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF DTC OR
(III) DTC OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.]1

[For Regulation S Global Security Only]

THIS SECURITY (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) WAS ORIGINALLY
ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION ORIGINALLY EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. TERMS USED
ABOVE HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

1 To be included for
Global Securities.

A-1

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT
OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS SECURITY MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (I) TO THE ISSUER,
(II) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (III) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE
TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (IV) TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE
501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES THE TRUSTEE A
SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (THE FORM OF WHICH CAN
BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE) AND, IF SUCH TRANSFER IS IN RESPECT OF AN AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF SECURITIES LESS THAN $250,000,
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT, (V) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR (VI) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (VI) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS
OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES, AND (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS
SECURITY FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (A) ABOVE.

[UNTIL 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF COMMENCEMENT OR
COMPLETION OF THE OFFERING, AN OFFER OR SALE OF SECURITIES WITHIN THE UNITED STATES BY A DEALER (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES ACT) MAY VIOLATE
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.]2

[Rule 144A Legend]

THIS SECURITY (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) WAS ORIGINALLY
ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION
THEREFROM. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS SECURITY IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM
THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER.

2 To be included in the Temporary Regulation
S Global Security only.

A-2

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT
OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS SECURITY MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (I) TO THE ISSUER,
(II) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (III) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE
TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (IV) TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE
501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES THE TRUSTEE A
SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (THE FORM OF WHICH CAN
BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE) AND, IF SUCH TRANSFER IS IN RESPECT OF AN AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF SECURITIES LESS THAN $250,000,
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT, (V) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR (VI) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (VI) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS
OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES, AND (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS
SECURITY FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (A) ABOVE.

[For Definitive Securities Only]

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL
DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE
TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.

A-3

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED

7.500% Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Notes due 2045

No. $ CUSIP No. [29359U AD1 (144A), G3075P

AA9 (Reg S), 29359U AE9 (IAI)]

ISIN No. [US29359UAD19 (144A),

USG3075PAA96 (Reg S)]

Enstar Group Limited, an exempted company formed
under the laws of Bermuda, (herein called the Issuer, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter
referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [name of holder] [insert if global Security Cede & Co.], or registered
assigns, [the principal sum of $ (_________) dollars] / [insert if global Security: the principal amount set forth on the Schedule of
Exchanges of Interests in the Global Security attached hereto, which principal amount may from time to time be reduced or increased,
as appropriate, in accordance with the Indenture and as reflected in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Security attached
hereto, to reflect exchanges or redemptions of the Securities represented hereby], on the Final Maturity Date and to pay interest thereon
from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, or if no interest has been paid or duly
provided for, from March 18, 2025, semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2025
and on the Final Maturity Date, at the rate and subject to the terms and conditions specified in Article III of the Supplemental
Indenture, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid, on any Interest
Payment Date (other than an Interest Payment Date that is the Final Maturity Date or a redemption date) will, as provided in the Indenture,
be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest, which
shall be the March 15 or September 15 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, immediately preceding such Interest
Payment Date. Any separate payment of Arrears of Interest will be paid according to Section 3.4 of the Supplemental Indenture. Interest
will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any)
and any such interest on this Security will be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee or an office or agency of the Issuer
maintained for such purpose in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Indenture
referred to on the reverse hereof in Dollars.

A-4

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon
has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Security shall not be entitled
to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument
to be duly executed.

Dated: ENSTAR GROUP
LIMITED, as Issuer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Securities referred to in the
within mentioned Indenture.

Dated: THE BANK OF NEW
YORK MELLON, as Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue
of securities of the Issuer (herein called the Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under the junior
subordinated indenture, dated as of March 18, 2025 (herein called the Base Indenture), between the Issuer and The
Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture),
as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2025 (herein called the Supplemental Indenture,
and together with the Base Indenture, herein called the Indenture), between the Issuer and the Trustee and reference is
hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the
Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and
delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $350,000,000.

The Securities of this series shall be redeemable
at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Article IV of the Supplemental Indenture.

The Securities of this series will represent the
Issuers unsecured junior subordinated obligations and will rank equally with all of the Issuers other existing and future
unsecured junior subordinated indebtedness, including the Issuer's guarantees of Enstar Finance LLCs 5.750% Fixed-Rate Reset Junior
Subordinated Notes due 2040 and 5.500% Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Notes due 2042. The Securities of this series are contractually
subordinated in right of payment to all obligations of the Issuers subsidiaries (other than the junior subordinated obligations
of the Issuers subsidiary Enstar Finance LLC that the Issuer guarantees on a junior subordinated basis), including amounts owed
to holders of reinsurance and insurance policies issued by the Issuers reinsurance and insurance company subsidiaries.

The Indenture contains provisions for discharge
and defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or certain covenants and Events of Default with respect to this
Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture.

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities
of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner
and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions
as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders
of the Securities of this series under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of this series. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders
of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of this series, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities
of this series, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture
and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and
upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or
in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security.

A-5

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision
of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay
the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed;
provided that, in all instances, repayment of principal of this Security shall be subject to Section 4.1 and Section 4.7
of the Supplemental Indenture and payments of interest on this Security shall be subject to Section 3.3 and Section 3.4 of
the Supplemental Indenture.

The transfer of this Security may be registered
and this Security may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations therein set forth.

The Securities of this series are issuable only
in registered form in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Prior to due presentment of this Security for
registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of any of them may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered
as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Trustee or any such agent
shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

All terms used in this Security which are defined
in the Indenture and are not otherwise defined in this Security shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

This Security shall be deemed to be a contract
under the laws of the State of New York, and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws of such State.

A-6

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Security, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Security to:

(Insert assignees social security or tax I.D. no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

and irrevocably appoint as agent to transfer this Security on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute
another to act for him.

Your Signature: (Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Security)

Your Name: 

Date:

In connection with any transfer of any of the Securities evidenced
by this certificate, the undersigned confirms that such Securities are being transferred in accordance with its terms:

CHECK ONE BOX BELOW

to the Issuer; or

(1) in
the United States to a person whom the undersigned reasonably believes is a qualified institutional
buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in a transaction meeting the
requirements of Rule 144A;

A-7

(2) outside
the United States in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 904 under the Securities
Act;

(3) to
an accredited investor (as defined in rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or
(7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes
the Trustee a signed letter containing certain representations and agreements relating to
the transfer of this security (the form of which can be obtained from the Trustee) and, if
such transfer is in respect of an aggregate principal amount of securities less than $250,000,
an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Issuer that such transfer is in compliance with the
Securities Act;

(4) pursuant
to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder
(if available); or

(5) pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act.

Unless one of the boxes is checked, the Trustee will refuse
to register any of the Securities evidenced by this certificate in the name of any person other than the registered holder thereof; provided,
however, that if box (4) is checked, the Trustee shall be entitled to require, prior to registering any such transfer of
the Securities, such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Issuer has reasonably requested to confirm that such
transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities
Act.

Signature

Signature Guarantee:

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

A-8

* NOTICE: The Signature must be guaranteed by an Institution which is a member
of one of the following recognized signature Guarantee Programs: (i) The Securities
Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP); (ii) The New York Stock Exchange Medallion
Program (MNSP); (iii) The Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP); or (iv) such
other guarantee program acceptable to the Trustee

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (1) ABOVE
IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it
is purchasing this Security for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that
it and any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act,
and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Issuer as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it
is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration
provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

Notice: To be executed by

an executive officer

A-9

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (3) ABOVE
IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents, warrants and agrees with the Issuer, the
Trustee and their respective counsel that:

1. It is an institutional accredited investor within the
meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act (an Institutional
Accredited Investor) that is purchasing the Securities for its own account or for
the account of one or more other Institutional Accredited Investors as to which it is exercising
sole investment discretion in connection with the purchase of Securities.

2. It has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters
that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities
and it and any accounts for which it is acting are able to bear the economic risks of and
an entire loss of its or their investment in the Securities.

3. It is not acquiring the Securities with a view to any distribution
thereof in a transaction that would violate the Securities Act or the securities laws of
any State of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction; provided that
the disposition of its property and the property of any accounts for which it is acting as
fiduciary shall remain at all times within its and their control.

4. It acknowledges that the Securities have not been registered under
the Securities Act and that the Securities may not be offered or sold within the United States
or to or for the benefit of U.S. persons except as set forth below.

It agrees for the benefit of the Issuer, on its own behalf and on
behalf of each account for which it is acting, that such Securities may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred only in accordance
with the Securities Act and any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and only (A) to the Issuer; (B) in
the United States to a person whom the undersigned reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A
under the Securities Act) in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (C) outside the United States in an offshore
transaction in accordance with Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (D) to an accredited investor (as defined in
rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes the
Trustee a signed letter containing certain representations and agreements relating to the transfer of this Security (the form of which
can be obtained from the Trustee) and, if such transfer is in respect of an aggregate principal amount of Securities less than $250,000,
an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Issuer that such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to an exemption
from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available) or (F) pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act.

A-10

It acknowledges that the Issuer and the Trustee reserve the right
prior to any offer, sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, encumbrance or other disposition pursuant to clause (d), (e) or
(f) above, to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certification and/or other information satisfactory to the Issuer
and the Trustee. It acknowledges that no representation is made as to the availability of any Rule 144 exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act.

It understands that the Trustee shall not be required to accept for
registration of transfer any Securities acquired by it, except upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee
that the foregoing restrictions on transfer have been complied with.

It further understands that the Securities acquired may be in the
form of definitive physical certificates and that such certificates shall bear a legend reflecting the substance of the preceding paragraphs.
It further agrees to provide to any person acquiring any of the Securities from it a notice advising such person that resales of the
Securities are restricted as stated herein and that certificates representing the Securities shall bear a legend to that effect.

It agrees to notify the Issuer and the Trustee promptly in writing
if any of its acknowledgments, representations or agreements herein ceases to be accurate and complete.

It represents to the Issuer and the Trustee that it has full power
to make the foregoing representations, warranties and agreements on its own behalf and on behalf of any account for which it is acting.

The Issuer, the Trustee and their respective counsel are entitled
to rely upon this certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party in
any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Dated: 

Notice: To be executed by

an executive officer

A-11

[TO BE ATTACHED TO GLOBAL SECURITIES]

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL
SECURITY

The initial Outstanding principal amount of this global Security is
$__________.

The following exchanges of an interest in this global Security for
an interest in another global Security or for a Security in definitive form, exchanges of an interest in another global Security or a
Security in definitive form for an interest in this global Security, or exchanges or purchases of a part of this global Security have
been made:

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

Principal

Amount of

this global

Security 

Amount of

increase in

Principal

Amount of

this global

Security 

Principal

Amount of 

this global

Security

following

such

decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory of

Trustee or

Securities

Custodian

A-12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>esgr-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>esgr-20250318_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>esgr-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Series D Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>esgr-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 18, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-33289

Entity Registrant Name Enstar Group Limited

Entity Central Index Key 0001363829

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code D0

Entity Address, Address Line One A.S. Cooper Building, 4th Floor

Entity Address, Address Line Two 26 Reid Street

Entity Address, City or Town Hamilton

Entity Address, Country BM

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code HM 11

City Area Code 441

Local Phone Number 292-3645

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary shares, par value $1.00 per share

Trading Symbol ESGR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Series D Preferred Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a 7.00% Fixed-to-Floating Rate

Trading Symbol ESGRP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest

Trading Symbol ESGRO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://enstargroup.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

esgr-20250318.xsd 
esgr-20250318_def.xml 
esgr-20250318_lab.xml 
esgr-20250318_pre.xml 
tm259624d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-025117-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm259624d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001363829 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001363829 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001363829 

us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001363829 

us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001363829 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
Enstar Group Limited 
D0 
001-33289 
A.S. Cooper Building, 4th Floor 
26 Reid Street 
Hamilton 
BM 
HM 11 
441 
292-3645 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary shares, par value $1.00 per share 
ESGR 
NASDAQ 
Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a 7.00% Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
ESGRP 
NASDAQ 
Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest 
ESGRO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>