<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-003527.txt : 20250115
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-003527.hdr.sgml : 20250115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250114190008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-003527
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Armlogi Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001972529
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PUBLIC WAREHOUSING & STORAGE [4220]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				920483179
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42099
		FILM NUMBER:		25530558

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20301 EAST WALNUT DRIVE NORTH
		CITY:			WALNUT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91789
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 691-2911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20301 EAST WALNUT DRIVE NORTH
		CITY:			WALNUT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91789
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227541-8k_armlogi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000197252900019725292025-01-102025-01-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United States

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 10, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Armlogi Holding Corp.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Nevada 001-42099 92-0483179

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.) 

20301 East Walnut Drive North

Walnut, California 91789

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(888)691-2911

Registrants telephone number, including area
code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock BTOC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or
Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers.

On January 10, 2025, Zhiliang (Ian) Zhou, chief financial
officer (CFO) of Armlogi Holding Corp. (the Company), submitted a letter of resignation indicating his intention
to resign as the Companys CFO, effective January 13, 2025, which has been accepted by the board of directors of the Company (the
Board). Mr. Zhou has advised the Company that his resignation was due to personal reasons and not a result of any disagreement
with the Company on any matter related to the operations, policies, or practices of the Company. Mr. Zhou has acknowledged that he has
been paid all amounts due to him and he is not entitled to any payments or benefits of any kind from the Company, and he has irrevocably
and unconditionally released the Company of and from all claims, demands, actions, and causes of actions.

On January 13, 2025, the nominating and corporate
governance committee of the Board recommended, and the Board approved and appointed Mr. Sheng-Kai (Scott) Hsu to serve as the Companys
CFO. Mr. Hsu received his bachelors degree in Finance from Yuan-Ze University in January 2005 and a masters degree in Finance
from Johns Hopkins University in December 2014. Mr. Hsu has served as the accounting lead of the Company since July 2024, bringing financial
management expertise from the manufacturing and wholesale sectors. From July 2023 to June 2024, Mr. Hsu served as a finance controller
at PARPRO Technologies Inc., where he was responsible for managing finance teams across the U.S. and Mexico to ensure compliance with
U.S. GAAP and international standards. From August 2019 to April 2022, Mr. Hsu served as the accounting lead at Absen Inc., where he
played a key role in enhancing the companys financial processes and systems. Mr. Hsu has been a Certified Public Accountant since
2023 and a Certified Management Accountant since 2020.

On January 13, 2025, the Company and Mr. Hsu entered
into an Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement), pursuant to which, Mr.
Hsu will serve as the CFO responsible for overseeing monthly financial reporting, cash flow projections, and regulatory filings. As consideration
for his services, Mr. Hsu is entitled to (i) a base salary of $190,000 per year and (ii) participate in the Companys benefit plans,
including health insurance plan, vacation days, and sick days. The Employment Agreement may be automatically terminated at the Companys
sole discretion, (i) upon 15 days prior written notice to Mr. Hsu, if the Company terminates Mr. Hsus employment thereunder
without cause, and (ii) upon two days prior written notice to Mr. Hsu, if the Company terminates Mr. Hsus employment
for cause. For purposes of the agreement, cause shall include (i) Mr. Hsus willful malfeasance, misfeasance,
nonfeasance, or gross negligence in connection with the performance of his duties (excluding any exercise of business judgment in good
faith), (ii) any willful misrepresentation or concealment of a material fact made by Mr. Hsu in connection with the Employment Agreement;
or (iii) any willful breach of any material covenant made by Mr. Hsu under the Employment Agreement. The foregoing summary of the
Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Employment Agreement, a copy
of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. On January 13, 2025, the Company also entered into an indemnification
agreement with Mr. Hsu. A copy of the indemnification agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.
There are no family relationships between Mr. Hsu and any director or executive officer of the Company. To the best knowledge of the Company,
neither Mr. Hsu nor any of his immediate family members is a party to any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a)
of Regulation S-K.

Item 9.01 Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement dated January 13, 2025 by and between Sheng-Kai (Scott) Hsu and the Company

10.2 Indemnification Agreement dated January 13, 2025 by and between Sheng-Kai (Scott) Hsu and the Company

99.1 Press Release, dated January 14, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL).

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 14, 2025

Armlogi Holding Corp.

By: /s/ Aidy Chou

Name: Aidy Chou

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea0227541ex10-1_armlogi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 13, 2025 BY AND BETWEEN SHENG-KAI (SCOTT) HSU AND THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EMPLOYEE

AGREEMENT

THIS
EMPLOYEE AGREEMENT made as of January 13, 2025, by and between Armlogi Holding Corp., a Neveda corporation (the Company),
whose principal place of business is at 20301 E Walnut Dr. N, Walnut CA 91789; and Sheng-Kai Hsu (Employee).

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes to procure the services of Employee under the terms and conditions set forth and Employee wishes to be employed on
these terms and conditions.

WHEREAS,
the parties to this Employee Agreement wish to enter into a written expression of their relationship as Employer and Employee.

THEREFORE,
in consideration of the agreements contained in this Employee Agreement, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

ARTICLE
1

Employment

1.1. Employment.
The Company agrees to employ Employee, and Employee accepts employment with the Company, on and subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Employee Agreement.

1.2. Term.
The Company will employ the Employee pursuant to this Employee Agreement effective as of January 13, 2025. The employment of employee
will be at-will, meaning that employment may be terminated by either party at any time in accordance with the provisions of Article 7.

ARTICLE
2

Duties

2.1. Position
and Duties. The Company agrees to employ Employee to act as its Chief Financial Officer. Employee shall be responsible for performing
the duties as described

in
Appendix A attached hereto and made a part hereof. Employee agrees that he will serve the Company faithfully and to the
best of his ability during the term of employment, under the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company and Employee
may jointly from time to time to change the nature of Employees duties and job title.

2.2. Time
Devoted to Work. Employee agrees that he will devote all of the necessary business time, attention, and energies, as well as Employees
best talents and abilities to the business of the Company in accordance with the Companys instructions and directions. Employee
may engage in other business activities unrelated to the Company during the term of this Employee Agreement so long as such other business
activities do not interfere with the terms and conditions of this Employee Agreement.

1

ARTICLE
3

Place
of Employment

3.1. Place
of Employment. Employee shall perform his duties under this Employee Agreement remotely, without a specific physical location requirement.

ARTICLE
4

Compensation
of Employee

4.1. Base
Compensation. For all services rendered by Employee under this Employee Agreement, the Company agrees to pay Employee the rate of
$190,000.00 per year (the base salary), which shall be payable to Employee not less frequently than bi-weekly, or as is
consistent with the Companys practice for its other employees.

4.2. Withholding.
All amounts due from the Company to the Employee hereunder shall be paid to the Employee net of all taxes and other amounts which the
Company is required to withhold by law.

4.3. Reimbursement
for Business Expenses. Subject to the approval of the Company, the Company shall promptly pay or reimburse Employee for all reasonable
business expenses incurred by Employee in performing Employees duties and obligations under this Employee Agreement, but only
if Employee properly accounts for expenses in accordance with the Companys policies.

ARTICLE
5

Vacations
and Other Paid Absences

5.1. Vacation
Days. Employee shall be entitled to the same paid vacation days each calendar year during the term of this Employee Agreement as
authorized by the Company for its other employees.

5.2. Holidays.
Employee shall be entitled to the same paid holidays as authorized by the Company for its other employees.

5.3. Sick
Days and Personal Absence Days. Employee shall be entitled to the same number of paid sick days and personal absence days as authorized
by the Company for its other employees.

ARTICLE
6

Fringe
Benefits

Employee
shall be entitled to participate in and receive benefits from all of the Companys employee benefit plans that are now, or in
the future may be, maintained by the Company for its employees, including, without limitation, the Companys health insurance
plan. No amounts paid to Employee from an employee benefit plan shall count as compensation due Employee as base salary or
additional compensation. Nothing in this Employee Agreement shall prohibit the Company from modifying or terminating any of its
employee benefit plans in a manner that does not discriminate between Employee and other Company employees.

2

ARTICLE
7

Termination
of Employment

7.1. Termination
of Employment. Employees employment hereunder shall automatically terminate upon (i) his death; (ii) Employee voluntarily
leaving the employ of the Company; (iii) at the Companys sole discretion, upon fifteen (15) days prior written notice to Employee
if the Company terminates his employment hereunder without cause; (iv) at the Companys sole discretion, upon two (2)
days prior written notice to Employee if the Company terminates his employment hereunder for cause. For purposes hereof,
cause shall include (i) Employees willful malfeasance, misfeasance, nonfeasance or gross negligence in connection
with the performance of his duties (which shall not include any exercise of business judgment in good faith), (ii) any willful misrepresentation
or concealment of a material fact made by Employee in connection with this Employee Agreement; or (iii) the willful breach of any material
covenant made by Employee hereunder.

7.2. Payments
on Termination. In the event that Employees employment under this agreement is terminated for any reason, Company shall promptly
pay Employee any amounts due to Employee under this agreement, including any salary accrued through the date of termination, and reimbursement
for business related expenses during the period of Employees employment, providing that such expenses are submitted in accordance
with Company policies, but such payments shall be in full satisfaction of all Companys obligations to Employee.

ARTICLE
8

Binding
Agreement

15.1. Companys
Successors. The rights and obligations of the Company under this Employee Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding
upon the successors and assigns of the Company.

15.2. Employees
Successors. This Employee Agreement shall inure to the benefit and be enforceable by Employees personal representatives, legatees,
and heirs. If Employee dies while amounts are still owed, such amounts shall be paid to Employees legatees or, if no such person
or persons have been designated, to Employees estate.

3

ARTICLE
9

Governing
Law and Venue

This
Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into by all parties within the State of California and all questions regarding the validity
and interpretation of this Employee Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the
laws of the State of California as applied to contracts made and to be performed entirely within the State of California without regard
to choice of law provisions.

ARTICLE
10

Arbitration
of Disputes

If
a dispute arises out of or relates to this Employee Agreement, or the breach thereof, and if the dispute cannot be settled through negotiation,
the parties agree first to try in good faith to settle the dispute by mediation administered by the American Arbitration Association
under its Employment Mediation Rules before resorting to arbitration, litigation or some other dispute resolution procedure.

ARTICLE
11

Acknowledgment

Employee
acknowledges that he has had the benefit of independent professional counsel with respect to this Agreement and that the Employee is
not relying upon the Company, the Companys attorneys or any person on behalf of or retained by the Company for any advice or counsel
with respect to this Agreement.

4

IN
WITNESS, the parties have executed this Employee Agreement in duplicate on the date and year first above written.

Name: Sheng-Kai Hsu Employee,

/s/ Scott Hsu Armlogi Holding Corp.,

Name: Aidy Chou / Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Aidy Chou 

Appendix
A

Duties
of Employee

Responsible
for monthly financial reporting, cash flow projections, and ensures regulatory filings are completed accurately and on time.

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea0227541ex10-2_armlogi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 13, 2025 BY AND BETWEEN SHENG-KAI (SCOTT) HSU AND THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Indemnification
Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of January 13, 2025 by and between Armlogi Holding Corp., a Nevada
company (the Company), and the undersigned, a director and/or an officer of the Company (Indemnitee),
as applicable.

RECITALS

The Board of Directors
of the Company (the Board of Directors) has determined that the inability to attract and retain highly competent
persons to serve the Company is detrimental to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that it is reasonable and necessary
for the Company to provide adequate protection to such persons against risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their services
to the Company.

AGREEMENT

In consideration
of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

A. DEFINITIONS

The following terms shall have the meanings defined below:

Expenses
shall include, without limitation, damages, judgments, fines, penalties, settlements and costs, attorneys fees and disbursements
and costs of attachment or similar bond, investigations, and any other expenses paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending,
being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing for any of the foregoing in, any Proceeding.

Indemnifiable
Event means any event or occurrence that takes place either before or after the execution of this Agreement, related to the fact
that Indemnitee is or was a director or an officer of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director or
officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity, or related to anything done or not done by Indemnitee in any
such capacity, including, but not limited to neglect, breach of duty, error, misstatement, misleading statement or omission.

Participant means a person
who is a party to, or witness or participant (including on appeal) in, a Proceeding.

Proceeding
means any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, arbitration or proceeding, or any inquiry, hearing or investigation, whether
civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or other, including appeal, in which Indemnitee may be or may have been involved as a party
or otherwise by reason of an Indemnifiable Event.

B. AGREEMENT TO INDEMNIFY

1. General Agreement.
In the event Indemnitee was, is, or becomes a Participant in, or is threatened to be made a Participant in, a Proceeding, the Company
shall indemnify the Indemnitee from and against any and all Expenses which Indemnitee incurs or becomes obligated to incur in connection
with such Proceeding, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

2. Indemnification
of Expenses of Successful Party. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee has been successful
on the merits in defense of any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify
Indemnitee against all Expenses incurred in connection with such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter, as the case may be.

3. Partial Indemnification.
If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for a portion of Expenses, but not for
the total amount of Expenses, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee for the portion of such Expenses to which Indemnitee is entitled.

4. No Employment
Rights. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create in Indemnitee any right to continued employment with the Company.

1/6

5. Contribution.
If the indemnification provided in this Agreement is unavailable and may not be paid to Indemnitee for any reason other than those set
forth in Section B.4, then the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred
and paid or payable by Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company on
the one hand and by the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative
fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events which resulted in such Expenses,
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the
other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts. The Company
agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section B.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or
any other method of allocation which does not take account of the foregoing equitable considerations.

C. INDEMNIFICATION PROCESS

1. Notice and
Cooperation by Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall, as a condition precedent to his/her right to be indemnified under this Agreement, give
the Company notice in writing as soon as practicable of any claim made against Indemnitee for which indemnification will or could be sought
under this Agreement, provided that the delay of Indemnitee to give notice hereunder shall not prejudice any of Indemnitees rights
hereunder, unless such delay results in the Companys forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses. Notice to the Company shall
be given in accordance with Section F.7 below. If, at the time of receipt of such notice, the Company has directors and officers
liability insurance policies in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice to its insurers of the Proceeding relating to the notice.
The Company shall thereafter take all necessary and desirable actions to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all Expenses
payable as a result of such Proceeding. In addition, Indemnitee shall give the Company such information and cooperation as the Company
may reasonably request.

2. Indemnification Payment.

(a) Advancement
of Expenses. Indemnitee may submit a written request with reasonable particulars to the Company requesting that the Company advance
to Indemnitee all Expenses that may be reasonably incurred in advance by Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding. The Company shall,
within 10 business days of receiving such a written request by Indemnitee, advance all requested Expenses to Indemnitee. Any excess of
the advanced Expenses over the actual Expenses will be repaid to the Company.

(b) Reimbursement
of Expenses. To the extent Indemnitee has not requested any advanced payment of Expenses from the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled
to receive reimbursement for the Expenses incurred in connection with a Proceeding from the Company immediately after Indemnitee makes
a written request to the Company for reimbursement unless the Company refers the indemnification request to the Reviewing Party in compliance
with Section C.2(c) below.

(c) Determination
by the Reviewing Party. If the Company reasonably believes that it is not obligated under this Agreement to indemnify the Indemnitee,
the Company shall, within 10 days after the Indemnitees written request for an advancement or reimbursement of Expenses, notify
the Indemnitee that the request for advancement of Expenses or reimbursement of Expenses will be submitted to the Reviewing Party (as
hereinafter defined). The Reviewing Party shall make a determination on the request within 30 days after the Indemnitees written
request for an advancement or reimbursement of Expenses. Notwithstanding anything foregoing to the contrary, in the event the Reviewing
Party informs the Company that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification in connection with a Proceeding under this Agreement or applicable
law, the Company shall be entitled to be reimbursed by Indemnitee for all the Expenses previously advanced or otherwise paid to Indemnitee
in connection with such Proceeding; provided, however, that Indemnitee may bring a suit to enforce his/her indemnification
right in accordance with Section C.3 below.

3. Suit to Enforce
Rights. Regardless of any action by the Reviewing Party, if Indemnitee has not received full indemnification within 30 days after
making a written demand in accordance with Section C.2 above or 50 days if the Company submits a request for advancement or reimbursement
to the Reviewing Party under Section C.2(c) above, Indemnitee shall have the right to enforce its indemnification rights under this Agreement
by commencing litigation in any court of competent jurisdiction seeking a determination by the court or challenging any determination
by the Reviewing Party or any aspect of this Agreement. Any determination by the Reviewing Party not challenged by Indemnitee and any
judgment entered by the court shall be binding on the Company and Indemnitee.

4. Assumption
of Defense. In the event the Company is obligated under this Agreement to advance or bear any Expenses for any Proceeding against
Indemnitee, the Company shall be entitled to assume the defense of such Proceeding, with counsel approved by Indemnitee, upon delivery
to Indemnitee of written notice of its election to do so. After delivery of such notice, approval of such counsel by Indemnitee and the
retention of such counsel by the Company, the Company will not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any fees of counsel subsequently
incurred by Indemnitee with respect to the same Proceeding, unless (i) the employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been previously authorized
by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded, based on written advice of counsel, that there may be a conflict of interest
of such counsel retained by the Company between the Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of any such defense, or (iii) the Company ceases
or terminates the employment of such counsel with respect to the defense of such Proceeding, in any of which events the fees and expenses
of Indemnitees counsel shall be at the expense of the Company. At all times, Indemnitee shall have the right to employ counsel
in any Proceeding at Indemnitees expense.

2/6

5. Defense to
Indemnification, Burden of Proof and Presumptions. It shall be a defense to any action brought by Indemnitee against the Company to
enforce this Agreement that it is not permissible under this Agreement or applicable law for the Company to indemnify the Indemnitee for
the amount claimed. In connection with any such action or any determination by the Reviewing Party or otherwise as to whether Indemnitee
is entitled to be indemnified under this Agreement, the burden of proving such a defense or determination shall be on the Company.

6. No Settlement
without Consent. Neither party to this Agreement shall settle any Proceeding in any manner that would impose any damage, loss, penalty
or limitation on Indemnitee without the other partys written consent. Neither the Company nor Indemnitee shall unreasonably withhold
its consent to any proposed settlement.

7. Company Participation.
Subject to Section B.5, the Company shall not be liable to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement with regard to any judicial action
if the Company was not given a reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense, conduct and/or settlement
of such action.

8. Reviewing Party.

(a) For purposes
of this Agreement, the Reviewing Party with respect to each indemnification request of Indemnitee that is referred by the Company pursuant
to Section C.2(c) above shall be (A) the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors (as hereinafter
defined), or (B) if a quorum of the Board of Directors consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable or, even if obtainable,
said Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which shall be
delivered to Indemnitee. If the Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall
be made within 10 days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination
with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable
advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Independent Counsel or member of the Board of Directors shall
act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination under this Agreement of the Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification.
Any reasonable costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating
with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees
entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. Disinterested
Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is
sought by Indemnitee.

(b) If the determination
of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this
Section C.8(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by
the Board of Directors, in which event the proceeding sentence shall apply), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising
it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within
10 days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent
Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section C.8(d) of this Agreement,
and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person
so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not
serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit.
If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected
and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which
shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as
Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect
to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel. The Company shall pay any and all
reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting under this Agreement,
and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section C.8(b), regardless of the manner
in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

3/6

(c) In making
a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the Reviewing Party shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with this Agreement, and
the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity
of any determination contrary to that presumption. The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment,
order, settlement (with or without court approval), conviction, or upon a plea of nolocontendere or its equivalent, shall not (except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption
that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he/she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his/her conduct was unlawful.
For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is
based on the records or books of account of the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity of which
Indemnitee is or was serving at the written request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary, including financial
statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers and directors of the Company or such other corporation, partnership,
joint venture or other entity in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Company or such other corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity or on information or records given or reports made to the Company or such other corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with
reasonable care by the Company or such other corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or such other corporation, partnership, joint venture
or other entity shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. The
provisions of this Section C.8(c) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee
may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

(d) Independent
Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently
is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party
(other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification
agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees
rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify
such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement
pursuant hereto.

D. DIRECTOR AND OFFICER LIABILITY INSURANCE

1. Good Faith
Determination. The Company shall from time to time make the good faith determination whether or not it is practicable for the Company
to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies providing the officers and directors of the
Company with coverage for losses incurred in connection with their services to the Company or to ensure the Companys performance
of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement.

2. Coverage of
Indemnitee. To the extent the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing directors and officers liability
insurance, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies, in accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum extent of the
coverage available for any of the Companys directors or officers.

3. No Obligation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no obligation to obtain or maintain any director and officer insurance policy if
the Company determines in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably available in the case that (i) premium costs for such insurance
are disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, or (ii) the coverage provided by such insurance is limited by exclusions so as
to provide an insufficient benefit.

E. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; U.S. FEDERAL PREEMPTION; TERM

1. Non-Exclusivity.
The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the
Companys current memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time, applicable law or any written agreement
between Indemnitee and the Company (including its subsidiaries and affiliates). The indemnification provided under this Agreement shall
continue to be available to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken while serving in an indemnified capacity even though he/she may
have ceased to serve in any such capacity at the time of any Proceeding.

2. U.S. Federal
Preemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, both the Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that in certain instances, U.S. federal law
or public policy may override applicable law and prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors and officers under this Agreement
or otherwise. Such instances include, but are not limited to, the prohibition by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on indemnification for liabilities arising under certain U.S. federal securities laws. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the
Company has undertaken or may be required in the future to undertake with the SEC an obligation to submit the question of indemnification
to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of the Companys right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

4/6

3. Duration of
Agreement. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is an officer
and/or a director of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise) and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject
to any Proceeding by reason of his/her former or current capacity at the Company, whether or not he/she is acting or serving in any such
capacity at the time any Expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement. This Agreement shall continue
in effect regardless of whether Indemnitee continues to serve as an officer and/or a director of the Company or any other enterprise at
the Companys request.

F. MISCELLANEOUS

1. Amendment
of this Agreement. No supplement, modification, or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the
parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any other provisions (whether or not
similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, no failure to exercise
or any delay in exercising any right or remedy shall constitute a waiver.

2. Subrogation.
In the event of payment to Indemnitee by the Company under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment
to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to
secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

3. Assignment;
Binding Effect. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned by either party hereto without
the prior written consent of the other party; except that the Company may, without such consent, assign all such rights and obligations
to a successor in interest to the Company which assumes all obligations of the Company under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against the parties hereto and the Companys
successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise to all or substantially all of
the business and/or assets of the Company) and assigns, as well as Indemnitees spouses, heirs, and personal and legal representatives.

4. Severability
and Construction. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to require or shall be construed as requiring the Company to do or fail to
do any act in violation of applicable law. The Companys inability, pursuant to a court order, to perform its obligations under
this Agreement shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement. In addition, if any portion of this Agreement shall be held by a court
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law. The parties hereto acknowledge that they each have opportunities to have their respective counsels
review this Agreement. Accordingly, this Agreement shall be deemed to be the product of both of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall
be construed in favor of or against either of the parties hereto.

5. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, both of which taken together shall constitute one instrument.

6. Governing
Law. This agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed,
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to conflicts of law provisions thereof.

7. Notices.
All notices, demands, and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed
to have been duly given if delivered by hand, against receipt, or mailed via postage prepaid, certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, and addressed to the Company at:

Armlogi Holding Corp.

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

and to Indemnitee at his/her address
last known to the Company.

8. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(Signature page follows)

5/6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto execute this Agreement
as of the date first written above.

Armlogi Holding Corp.

By: /s/ Aidy Chou 

Name: Aidy Chou 

Title: CEO 

Indemnitee

Signature: /s/ Sheng-Kai (Scott) Hsu 

Name: Sheng-Kai (Scott) Hsu 

[Signature Page to Indemnification
Agreement]

6/6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea0227541ex99-1_armlogi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

ARMLOGI
HOLDING CORP. Announces MANAGEMENT TRANSITION

Sheng-Kai (Scott) Hsu Appointed as Chief Financial
Officer of Armlogi, Transitioning from Board Secretary

Zhiliang (Ian) Zhou to Remain with Armlogi in
an Advisory Role

WALNUT, CA, Jan. 14, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Armlogi
Holding Corp. (Armlogi or the Company) (Nasdaq: BTOC), a U.S.-based warehousing and logistics service provider
that offers a comprehensive package of supply-chain solutions related to warehouse management and order fulfillment, today announced a
transition in its executive leadership. Sheng-Kai (Scott) Hsu has been appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of Armlogi, effective
January 13, 2025, succeeding Zhiliang (Ian) Zhou, who will remain with the Company in an advisory capacity while pursuing other career
opportunities.

Scott Hsu, who joined Armlogi as the accounting lead
in July 2024, brings financial management expertise from the manufacturing and wholesale sectors. Previously, Mr. Hsu served as North
America Controller at PARPRO Technologies Inc., managing finance teams across the U.S. and Mexico and ensuring compliance with U.S. GAAP
and international standards. His previous experience also includes roles at Absen Inc. and BENQ Latin America Corp., where he improved
financial processes and systems. Mr. Hsu is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and Certified Management Accountant (CMA), holding a Master
of Science in Finance from Johns Hopkins University.

Ian Zhou has served as Armlogis Chief Financial
Officer since August 2023. Mr. Zhou has over 10 years of experience in the capital markets and financial industry, with a track record
of success in leading and executing complex financial transactions. He has made significant contributions to Armlogi, leading the Company
through its successful initial public offering in 2024 and in its recent financings, including $21 million in convertible promissory notes
and a $50 million standby equity purchase agreement. His strategic insight and financial acumen have been pivotal in positioning Armlogi
for sustained growth and profitability.

Aidy Chou, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Armlogi, commented, We are immensely grateful to Ian for his financial leadership and strategic vision, which have strengthened
Armlogis financial foundation and contributed significantly to our market achievements. As we welcome Scott into his new role,
we are confident that his extensive experience and strategic approach to financial management will continue to drive Armlogis success
in the logistics industry.

Ian Zhou commented, I am grateful for the opportunity
to have led Armlogis financial operations and to have guided our team through significant milestones, including our initial public
offering. I am excited to continue supporting the Company in a new capacity and am confident in its future success under Scotts
financial stewardship.

Scott Hsu commented on his new role, saying, I
am thrilled to step into the role of CFO at such a pivotal time for Armlogi. I look forward to building on the strong foundation laid
by Ian and the team, driving forward our financial strategies to support Armlogis growth and operational excellence.

About Armlogi Holding Corp.

Armlogi
Holding Corp., based in Walnut, CA, is a fast-growing U.S.-based warehousing and logistics service provider that offers a comprehensive
package of supply-chain solutions relating to warehouse management and order fulfillment. The Company caters to cross-border e-commerce
merchants looking to establish overseas warehouses in the U.S. market. With eleven warehouses covering over three and a half million
square feet, the Company offers comprehensive one-stop warehousing and logistics services. The Companys warehouses are equipped
with facilities and technology for handling and storing large and bulky items. For more information, please visit www.armlogi.com.

Safe Harbor Statement

This press release contains forward-looking statements.
In addition, from time to time, we or our representatives may make forward-looking statements orally or in writing. We base these forward-looking
statements on our expectations and projections about future events, which we derive from the information currently available to us. Such
forward-looking statements relate to future events or our future performance, including: our financial performance and projections; our
growth in revenue and earnings; and our business prospects and opportunities. You can identify forward-looking statements by those that
are not historical in nature, particularly those that use terminology such as may, should, expects,
anticipates, contemplates, estimates, believes, plans, projected,
predicts, potential, or hopes or the negative of these or similar terms. In evaluating these
forward-looking statements, you should consider various factors, including: our ability to change the direction of the Company; our ability
to keep pace with new technology and changing market needs; and the competitive environment of our business. These and other factors may
cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements are only predictions. We
are not obligated to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of uncertainties and assumptions. The
forward-looking events discussed in this press release and other statements made from time to time by us or our representatives, may not
occur, and actual events and results may differ materially and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions about us.

Company Contact:

info@armlogi.com

Investor Relations Contact:

Matthew Abenante, IRC

President

Strategic Investor Relations, LLC

Tel: 347-947-2093

Email: matthew@strategic-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>btoc-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>btoc-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>btoc-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42099

Entity Registrant Name Armlogi Holding Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001972529

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-0483179

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 20301 East Walnut Drive North

Entity Address, City or Town Walnut

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 91789

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 691-2911

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol BTOC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://armlogi.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

btoc-20250110.xsd 
btoc-20250110_lab.xml 
btoc-20250110_pre.xml 
ea0227541-8k_armlogi.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-003527-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0227541-8k_armlogi_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001972529 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001972529 
8-K 
2025-01-10 
Armlogi Holding Corp. 
NV 
001-42099 
92-0483179 
20301 East Walnut Drive North 
Walnut 
CA 
91789 
(888) 
691-2911 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
BTOC 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>