<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-001579.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-001579.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324160034
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-001579
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250320
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eureka Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002000410
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42152
		FILM NUMBER:		25764071

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 1608, 16TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		FORTRESS TOWER, 250 KING'S ROAD
		CITY:			NORTH POINT
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			0000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 949 899 1827

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 1608, 16TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		FORTRESS TOWER, 250 KING'S ROAD
		CITY:			NORTH POINT
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			0000
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235353-8k_eureka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false00000000200041000-000000000020004102025-03-202025-03-200002000410EURK:UnitsConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneRightToAcquireOnefifthOfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember2025-03-202025-03-200002000410EURK:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-202025-03-200002000410EURK:RightsEachWholeRightToAcquireOnefifthOfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember2025-03-202025-03-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 20, 2025

Eureka Acquisition Corp

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42152 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

of incorporation) Identification Number)

Suite 1608, 16th Floor

Fortress Tower, 250 Kings Road

North Point, Hong Kong

(Address of principal executive offices)

(+1) 949899 1827

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share EURKU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share EURK The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each whole right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share EURKR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

The disclosures set forth under Item 5.02 are incorporated
by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Agreements of Certain Officers

On March 20, 2025, the board
of directors of Eureka Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company) accepted the resignation
of Dr. M. Anthony Wong, the independent director, resigning from his position as a director of the Company. Concurrently, the Company,
by ordinary resolutions of its directors, appointed Mr. Cameron Richard Johnson as the independent director of the Company to fill the
vacancy, effective immediately. Mr. Cameron Richard Johnson was also appointed as the chairperson of the Audit Committee and a member
of the Compensation Committee.

Background of the New Director

The following sets forth certain
information concerning Mr. Cameron Richard Johnsons past employment history and his qualifications for service on the Companys
board.

Mr. Cameron Richard
Johnson serves as the independent director of the Company. Since 2019, he has worked as the senior partner at Tidalwave Solutions,
providing consulting services. Since 2014, Mr. Johnson has been a member of the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai, or AmCham Shanghai,
in Shanghai, during which he served on the board of governors from 2022 to 2024 and as the vice chair in 2024. From 2020 to 2024, Mr.
Johnson worked as an adjunct instructor at New York University in Shanghai. Mr. Johnson has been an active commentator on US-China relations,
supply chain, international trade, tariff, technology and other topics, including but not limited to, as a returning guest at Bloomberg:
The China Show discussing topics including but not limited to, US-China relations, automotive and customer sectors, technology
and trade, appearing in the documentary of Americas Medical Supply Crisis by Frontline. Mr. Johnson is the author of Impacts
of Digitalization on Traceability chapter of the book Digital Transformation of Logistics (Wiley, 2021). Mr. Johnson obtained
his graduate certification in business from the University of Wales, and bachelors degrees in communication and comparative religion
both from the University of Washington.

We believe Mr. Johnson is
qualified to serve as our director because of his management experience and expertise in business.

Mr. Johnson is considered
an Independent Director under the NASDAQ listing rules and serves as the chairperson of the Audit Committee and a member
of the Compensation Committee.

1

Additional Information

Mr. Johnson does not hold
any other positions with us and is not related to any of our directors or officers. Further, Mr. Chang is not a related person, promoter,
or control person as defined in Regulation 404(a).

Mr. Johnson is appointed for
the remainder of the full term in which the vacancy occurred and until his successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however,
to such directors earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal.

In connection with the appointment
of Mr. Johnson as the director of the Company, Hercules Capital Management Corp, a British Virgin Islands company and sponsor of the Company
(the Sponsor) issued a share purchase option dated March 20, 2025 (the Share Purchase Option)
to Mr. Johnson, entitling Mr. Johnson to acquire 10,000 ordinary shares of the Company held by the Sponsor (the Founder Shares)
upon the exercise of the Share Purchase Option once the existing lock-up term on such Founder Shares expires pursuant to the terms and
arrangements thereunder.

A copy of the Share Purchase
Option is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report) and is incorporated herein by
reference. The foregoing description of the Share Purchase Option does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified
in its entirety by, the full text of the Share Purchase Option.

Except as described above,
Mr. Johnson will not receive any cash compensation for services rendered to us and the Company has entered into an Indemnity Agreement
with Mr. Johnson on March 20, 2025, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.2 to this Report.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibits

10.1 Share Purchase Option dated March 20, 2025 issued by Hercules Capital Management VII Corp.

10.2 Indemnity Agreement dated March 20, 2025, by and between the Company and Cameron Richard Johnson, as the director of the Company.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Eureka Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 24, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023535301ex10-1_eureka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE PURCHASE OPTION DATED MARCH 20, 2025 ISSUED BY HERCULES CAPITAL MANAGEMENT VII CORP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND THE UNDERLYING
SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE
DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
THEREUNDER, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND IN THE CASE OF A
TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, SUCH SECURITIES MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IF THE COMPANY AND TRANSFER AGENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES HAS
RECEIVED DOCUMENTATION SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

THIS SHARE PURCHASE OPTION IS NOT EXERCISABLE
TILL THE EARLIER OF (I) SIX MONTHS AFTER THE COMPLETION BY EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP (THE COMPANY) OF A MERGER,
SHARE EXCHANGE, ASSET ACQUISITION, SHARE PURCHASE, RECAPITALIZATION, REORGANIZATION OR SIMILAR BUSINESS COMBINATION WITH ONE OR MORE BUSINESSES
OR ENTITIES (BUSINESS COMBINATION) (AS DESCRIBED MORE FULLY IN THE COMPANYS REGISTRATION STATEMENT
(AS DEFINED HEREIN)) AND (II) THE DATE ON WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES A LIQUIDATION, MERGER, CAPITAL STOCK EXCHANGE, REORGANIZATION OR
OTHER SIMILAR TRANSACTION THAT RESULTS IN ALL OF THE COMPANYS SHAREHOLDERS HAVING THE RIGHT TO EXCHANGE THEIR ORDINARY SHARES FOR
CASH, SECURITIES OR OTHER PROPERTY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SHARE PURCHASE OPTION IS EXERCISABLE, WITH RESPECT TO 50% OF CLASS
B ORDINARY SHARES UNDERLYHING THIS SHARE PURCHASE OPTION, IF THE LAST SALE PRICE OF THE CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES OF THE COMPANY EQUALS
OR EXCEEDS $12.00 PER SHARE (AS ADJUSTED FOR SHARE SPLITS, SHARE CAPITALIZATIONS, RIGHTS ISSUANCES, SUBDIVISIONS, REORGANIZATIONS, RECAPITALIZATIONS
AND THE LIKE) FOR ANY 20 TRADING DAYS WITHIN ANY 30-TRADING DAY PERIOD COMMENCING FROM THE COMPANYS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION.THIS
PURCHASE OPTION SHALL BE VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M. NEW YORK CITY LOCAL TIME, ON THE EARLIER OF THE LIQUIDATION OF THE COMPANYS TRUST
ACCOUNT (AS DESCRIBED IN THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT) IF THE COMPANY HAS NOT COMPLETED A BUSINESS COMBINATION WITHIN THE REQUIRED TIME
PERIOD.

SHARE PURCHASE OPTION

FOR THE PURCHASE OF

10,000 ORDINARY SHARES OF

EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP

HELD BY HERCULES CAPITAL MANAGEMENT CORP

1. PURCHASE OPTION.

THIS CERTIFIES THAT, in consideration
of the acceptance of Cameron Johnson (Holder) to serve as the director of Eureka Acquisition Corp, a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Company), as registered owner of this Purchase Option, Holder is entitled, at
any time or from time to time the earlier of (i) six months after the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the date on which
the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of
the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares of the Company for cash, securities or other property.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Holder may exercise, with respect to 50% of Class B Ordinary Shares underlyhing this Share Purchase Option,
if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares of the Company equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits,
share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing from the Companys initial Business Combination (the Commencement Date),
and at or before 5:00 p.m., New York City local time, on the earlier of the liquidation of the Companys Trust Account (as defined
below) (as described in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No: 333-277780) (the Registration Statement)
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to which units of the Company
are offered for sale to the public in the Companys initial public offering (the Offering) in the event
the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the required time periods and July 1, 2029, five years from the effective
date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (the Expiration Date),
but not thereafter, to subscribe for, purchase and receive, in whole or in part, up to 10,000 ordinary sahres, par value $0.0001 per share,
of the Company, including Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and/or any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion
of such Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (collectively, Ordinary Shares),
currently held by Hercules Capital Management Corp, a British Virgin Islands company and sponsor of the Company (the Sponsor),
acquired by the Sponsor from the Cmopany prior to the completion of the Offering. If the Expiration Date is a day on which banking institutions
are authorized by law to close, then this Purchase Option may be exercised on the next succeeding day which is not such a day in accordance
with the terms herein. During the period ending on the Expiration Date, the Sponsor agrees not to take any action that would terminate
the Purchase Option. This Purchase Option is initially exercisable at $0.0174 per Ordinary Share so purchased; provided, however,
that upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 6 hereof, the rights granted by this Purchase Option, including
the exercise price per Ordinary Share and the number of Ordinary Shares to be received upon such exercise, shall be adjusted as therein
specified. The term Exercise Price shall mean the initial exercise price or the adjusted exercise price, depending
on the context.

2. EXERCISE OF PURCHASE OPTION.

2.1 Exercise Form.
In order to exercise this Purchase Option, the exercise form attached hereto must be duly executed and completed and delivered to the
Sponsor, together with this Purchase Option and payment of the Exercise Price for the Ordinary Shares being purchased payable in cash
or by certified check or official bank check. If the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or before 5:00 p.m.,
New York City local time, on the Expiration Date, this Purchase Option shall become and be void without further force or effect, and all
rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.

2.2 Legend. Each certificate
for the securities purchased under this Purchase Option shall bear a legend as follows, unless such securities have been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT) OR APPLICABLE STATE LAW.
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
THE ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE LAW.

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS PURSUANT TO AN INSIDER LETTER DATED JULY 2, 2024 AMONG EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP AND
THE OTHER PARTIES THERETO AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED WHILE THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ARE
IN EFFECT PURSUANT TO THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE INSIDER LETTER.

2.3 No Obligation to Net
Cash Settle. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Purchase Option, in no event will the Sponsor be required
to net cash settle the exercise of the Purchase Option. The holder of the Purchase Option will not be entitled to exercise the Purchase
Option unless a registration statement is effective, or an exemption from the registration requirements is available at such time and,
if the holder is not able to exercise the Purchase Option, the Purchase Option will expire worthless.

3. TRANSFER OF PURCHASE OPTION

3.1 Restrictions Imposed
by the Act. The securities evidenced by this Purchase Option shall not be transferred unless and until (i) the Company has received
the opinion of counsel for the Holder that the securities may be transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act
and applicable state securities laws, the availability of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company and the Sponsor,
or (ii) a registration statement relating to such securities has been filed by the Company and declared effective by the Commission and
compliance with applicable state securities law has been established.

2

4. NEW PURCHASE OPTION TO BE ISSUED.

4.1 Partial Exercise or
Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 3 hereof, this Purchase Option may be exercised or assigned in whole or in
part. In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Purchase Option for cancellation, together
with the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer tax, the Sponsor shall
cause the Copmany to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Purchase Option of like tenor to this Purchase Option in the name
of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder as to which this Purchase
Option has not been exercised or assigned

4.2 Lost Certificate.
Upon receipt by the Spnosor of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Purchase Option and of
reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Sponsor shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Option of like
tenor and date. Any such new Purchase Option executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction shall constitute
a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Sponsor.

5. REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

5.1 Assignment of Registration
Rights. The Sponsor shall assign, with respect to the Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchase Option, its respective rights, duties
and obligations under that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated July 2, 2024, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and others
(the Regstration Rights Agreement), to the Holder, and cause a joinder to be executed and delivered to the
Compay to cause the Holder to become a party to the Registration Rights Agreement.

5.2 General Terms.

5.2.1 Exercise of Purchase
Option. Nothing contained in this Purchase Option shall be construed as requiring the Holder to exercise the Purchase Option prior
to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.2.2 Rule 144 Sale.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 5 to the contrary, neither the Sponsor nor the Company shall have any obligation
pursuant to Sections 5.1 or 5.2 to use its best efforts to obtain the registration of the Ordinary Shares underlying this
Purchase Option held by the Holder (i) where such Holder would then be entitled to sell under Rule 144 within such period prescribed under
Rule 144 all of the Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchse Option then held by such Holder, or (ii) where the number of Ordinary Shares
underlying this Purchse Option held by such Holder is within the volume limitations under paragraph (e) of Rule 144 (calculated as if
such Holder were an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144), if applicable.

5.2.3 Supplemental Prospectus.
The Holder agrees, that upon receipt of any notice from the Company or the Sponsor of the happening of any event as a result of which
the prospectus included in the registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing, such Holder will immediately discontinue disposition of Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchse Option pursuant to the
registration statement covering such Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchse Option until such Holders receipt of the copies of
a supplemental or amended prospectus, and, if so desired by the Company, such Holder shall deliver to the Sponsor and the Company (at
the expense of the Company) or destroy (and deliver to the Sponsor and the Company a certificate of such destruction) all copies, other
than permanent file copies then in such Holders possession, of the prospectus covering such Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchse
Option current at the time of receipt of such notice.

3

6. ADJUSTMENTS.

6.1 Adjustments to Exercise
Price and Number of Securities. The Exercise Price and the number of Ordinary Shares underlying the Purchase Option shall be subject
to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter set forth:

6.1.1 Adjustment. The
number of Ordinary Shares underlying the Purchase Option shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in that certain
subscription agreement dated September 29, 2023, by and between the Compay and the Sponsor, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately
adjusted accordingly.

6.1.2 Changes in Form of
Purchase Option. This form of Purchase Option need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this Section, and a Purchase Option
issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Ordinary Shares as are stated in the Purchase Option
as initially issued. The acceptance by the Holder of the issuance of a new Purchase Option reflecting a required or permissive change
shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the Commencement Date or the computation thereof.

6.2 Substitute Purchase
Option. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or merger of the Company with, or merger of the Company into, another entity
(other than a consolidation or merger which does not result in any reclassification or change of the outstanding Ordinary Shares), the
Sponsor shall execute and deliver to the Holder a supplemental Purchase Option providing that the holder of the Purchase Option then outstanding
or to be outstanding shall have the right thereafter (until the stated expiration of such Purchase Option) to receive, upon exercise of
such Purchase Option, the kind and amount of shares and other securities and property of the the entity formed by such consolidation or
merger receivable upon such consolidation or merger, by a holder of the number of Ordinary Shares of the Company for which such Purchase
Option might have been exercised immediately prior to such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental Purchase Option
shall provide for adjustments which shall be identical to the adjustments provided in Section 6. The above provision of this Section
shall similarly apply to successive consolidations or mergers.

6.3 Elimination of Fractional
Interests. The Sponsor shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of Ordinary Shares upon the exercise of
the Purchase Option, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests, it being the intent of the
parties that all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down to the nearest whole number of Ordinary
Shares or other securities, properties or rights.

4

7. CERTAIN NOTICE REQUIREMENTS.

7.1 Holders Right
to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holders the right to vote or consent as a shareholders
for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any rights whatsoever as a shareholders of the Company.

7.2 Notice of Change in
Exercise Price. The Sponsor shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 6 hereof,
send notice to the Holders of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price Notice shall describe the event
causing the change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate by the Sponsors Chief Executive
Officer or other authorized officers or directors.

7.3 Transmittal of Notices.
All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Purchase Option shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly made when hand delivered, or mailed by express mail or private courier service or by email: to the following:

If to the Holder:

Cameron Johnson

c/o Eureka Acquisition Corp

Suite 1608, 16th Floor, Fortress
Tower, 250 Kings Road

North Point, Hong Kong

Email: cameron.johnson@tidalwave.cn

If to the Sponsor:

Hercules Capital Management
Corp

Suite 1608, 16th Floor, Fortress
Tower, 250 Kings Road

North Point, Hong Kong

Attn: Fen Zhang, Director

Email: eric.zhang@hercules.global

8. MISCELLANEOUS.

8.1 Amendment. The
Sponsor and the Holder, for as long as it is a Holder, may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Option without the approval
of any of the Holders in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that may be defective or
inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder that
Sponsor and the Holder may deem necessary or desirable and that the Sponsor and the Holder deem shall not adversely affect the interest
of the Holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent of and be signed by the party against whom enforcement
of the modification or amendment is sought.

8.2 Headings. The headings
contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation
of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Option.

5

8.3 Entire Agreement.
This Purchase Option (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Purchase
Option) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

8.4 Binding Effect.
This Purchase Option shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Holder and the Sponsor and their permitted assignees,
respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Option or any provisions herein contained.

8.5 Governing Law; Submission
to Jurisdiction. This Purchase Option shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Holder and the Sponsor hereby agrees that any action,
proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Purchase Option shall be brought and enforced in the New
York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably
submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. Each of the Holder and the Sponsor hereby waives any objection to
such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the Sponsor
may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to
it at the address set forth in Section 7.4 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding
upon the Sponsor in any action, proceeding or claim. The Sponsor and the Holder agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action
shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action orproceeding
and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefore.

8.6 Trust Waiver.
Reference is made to the prospectus of the Company, dated as of July 2, 2024 and filed with the Commission (File No.333-277780) on July
2, 2024 (the Prospectus). The Holder acknowledges that the Company has established a trust account (the Trust
Account) containing the proceeds of the Offering and the overallotment shares acquired by its underwriters and from certain
private placements occurring simultaneously with the Offering (including interest accrued from time to time thereon) for the benefit
of the Companys public shareholders (including overallotment shares acquired by the Companys underwriters, the Public
Shareholders), and that the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only as described in the Prospectus. Holder
hereby agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Purchase Option, the Holder does not now, nor shall at any time
hereafter, have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, or make any claim against the
Trust Account, in connection with or relating to this Puechase Option or the Business Combination, regardless of whether such claim arises
based on contract, tort, equity or any other theory of legal liability (collectively, the Released Claims). The
Holder hereby irrevocably waives any Released Claims that the Holder may have against the Trust Account now or in the future as a result
of, or arising out of this Purchase Option or the Business Combination and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any Released
Claims. The Holder agrees and acknowledges that such irrevocable waiver is material to this Purchase Option and specifically relied upon
by the Sponsor and its affiliates to induce the Sponsor to issue this Purchase Option, and the Holder further intends and understands
such waiver to be valid, binding and enforceable against the Holder under applicable law.

8.7 Waiver, Etc. The
failure of the Sponsor or the Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Purchase Option shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Option or any provision hereof or the right
of the Sponsor or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Option. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Option shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed
by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or non-compliance.

8.8 Execution in Counterparts.
This Purchase Option may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Sponsor
has caused this Purchase Option to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written.

Hercules Capital Management Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Director

FORM TO BE USED TO EXERCISE PURCHASE
OPTION

Hercules Capital Management Corp

Suite 1608, 16th Floor, Fortress Tower, 250 Kings
Road

North Point, Hong Kong

Date:_____________,20____

The undersigned hereby elects
irrevocably to exercise all or a portion of the within Purchase Option and to purchase _________ Ordinary Shares of Eureka Acquisition
Corp held by Hercules Capital Management Corp on and hereby makes payment of $(at the rate of $___________per Ordinary
Share) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the securities as to which this Purchase Option is exercised in
accordance with the instructions given below.

Signature: 

NOTICE: The signature must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Purchase Option in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Signature(s) Guaranteed:

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE
GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE
MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17Ad-15).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023535301ex10-2_eureka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNITY AGREEMENT DATED MARCH 20, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CAMERON RICHARD JOHNSON, AS THE DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made on March 20, 2025.

Between:

(1) EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registered office at Ogier Global (Cayman) Limited, 89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9009, Cayman Islands (the Company); and

(2) Cameron Richard Johnson (Indemnitee).

Whereas:

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among publicly traded corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the Articles) provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company;

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company under the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director of the Company without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY

Indemnitee will serve or continue to
serve as an officer, director, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee
is duly elected, appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding,
this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, investment advisor,
administrator or liquidator of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on
Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other
agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2 DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition;

2

(b) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(c) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(d) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(e) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

3

2.5 Cayman Court shall mean the Courts of the Cayman Islands.

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

2.10 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2.11 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

4

2.12 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company.

2.13 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

2.14 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

2.15 References to the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to: (i) to the fullest extent permitted by any provision of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act) or the corresponding provision of any successor statute, and (ii) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the Companies Act adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors.

5

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise)
in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees
Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines,
penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or
in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith
and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding,
had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise)
in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status.
Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his
behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a
manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made
under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court
to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall
determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL

Notwithstanding any other provisions
of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status,
a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or
matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the exclusions
set out in Section 9 below, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.
If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than
all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee
against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue
or matter. For purposes of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding
by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent
in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY

8.1 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses.

9 EXCLUSIONS

Notwithstanding any provision in this
Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses in connection with any
claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law;

7

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee.

(d) to the extent that Indemnitee is indemnified and actually received such payment other than pursuant to this Agreement;

(e) in connection with a judicial action by or in the right of the Company, in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the Indemnitee shall have been adjudicated by final judgment in a court of law to be liable for fraud or willful neglect or dishonesty in the performance of his duty to the Company unless and only to the extent that any court in which such action was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses as such court shall deem proper; or

(f) for any judgment, fine or penalty which the Company is prohibited by applicable law from paying as indemnification.

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

8

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify Indemnitee therefrom.

9

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

10

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

11

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court of his entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

12

14.5 The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at a rate to be agreed between the Company and the Indemnitee for amounts which the Company indemnifies, or is obliged to indemnify for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15 SECURITY

Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and
from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit,
funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written
consent of Indemnitee.

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements (Indemnification Arrangements) insuring the Companys directors, officers, auditors and/or trustee of an employee benefit scheme of the Company against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of him (other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty) or in their respective capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

13

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

16.5 The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT

All agreements and obligations of the
Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director,
officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so
long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by
Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity
at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

14

18 SEVERABILITY

If any provision or provisions of this
Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this
Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such
provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to
the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company.

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

19.3 The indemnification and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

15

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking.

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER

No supplement, modification or amendment
of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing
waiver.

21 NOTICES

All notices, requests, demands and other
communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and
receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered
mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Eureka Acquisition Corp

Suite 1608, 16th Floor

Fortress Tower, 250 Kings Road

North Point, Hong Kong

Attn: Fen Zhang

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Robinson & Cole LLP

Chrysler East Building

666 Third Avenue, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn.: Arila Zhou, Esq.

Email: azhou@rc.com

or to any other address as may have
been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

16

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

This Agreement and the legal relations
among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands, without regard
to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement,
the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America
or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action
or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding
brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial.

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in one
or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one
and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence
the existence of this Agreement.

24 MISCELLANEOUS

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be
deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience
only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25 ADDITIONAL ACTS

If for the validation of any of the
provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution,
approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.

26 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does
not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account
established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued
in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the
Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

27 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE

The Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under
this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company
with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations
under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee
shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most
favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written.

EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Fen Zhang 

Name: Fen Zhang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

By: /s/ Cameron Richard Johnson 

Name: Cameron Richard Johnson 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>eurk-20250320.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>eurk-20250320_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>eurk-20250320_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each whole right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>eurk-20250320_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 20, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42152

Entity Registrant Name Eureka Acquisition Corp

Entity Central Index Key 0002000410

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One Suite 1608, 16th Floor

Entity Address, Address Line Two Fortress Tower, 250 Kings Road

Entity Address, City or Town North Point

Entity Address, Country HK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 00000

City Area Code 949

Local Phone Number 899 1827

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol EURKU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol EURK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each whole right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each whole right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol EURKR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EURK_UnitsConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneRightToAcquireOnefifthOfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EURK_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EURK_RightsEachWholeRightToAcquireOnefifthOfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://eurekaacq.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0235353-8k_eureka.htm 
eurk-20250320.xsd 
eurk-20250320_def.xml 
eurk-20250320_lab.xml 
eurk-20250320_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-001579-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0235353-8k_eureka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002000410 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0002000410 

EURK:UnitsConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneRightToAcquireOnefifthOfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0002000410 

EURK:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0002000410 

EURK:RightsEachWholeRightToAcquireOnefifthOfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
00000 
0002000410 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-03-20 
Eureka Acquisition Corp 
E9 
001-42152 
Suite 1608, 16th Floor 
Fortress Tower, 250 Kings Road 
North Point 
HK 
949 
899 1827 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share 
EURKU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
EURK 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each whole right to acquire one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share 
EURKR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>