<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-020863.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-020863.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205164743
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-020863
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001697500
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38090
		FILM NUMBER:		25594021

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9651 KATY FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281)501-3070

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9651 KATY FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Solaris Oilfield Infrastructure, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170207
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d923149d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000169750000016975002025-01-302025-01-30

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 30, 2025

SOLARIS ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38090 81-5223109

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

9651 Katy Freeway, Suite 300

Houston, Texas77024

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

(281)501-3070

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value SEI New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Appointment of Director 

On January 30, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc. (the Company), increased the size of the Board from nine (9) to ten (10) directors and in connection therewith appointed Mr. M. Max Yzaguirre as a Class I director, with a term expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, and until he is either reelected or his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal, to fill the newly created vacancy. As determined by the Board, Mr. Yzaguirre meets the independence requirements under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange and the Companys independence standards. 

There are no family relationships between Mr. Yzaguirre and any director or executive officer of the Company or any person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer. There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Yzaguirre and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Yzaguirre was elected as a director. The Company is not aware of any transaction involving Mr. Yzaguirre that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Yzaguirre will receive the non-employee director compensation generally provided to other non-employee directors for serving on the Board, except that such compensation may be prorated or reduced to some extent to reflect his partial year of service in 2025. 

Mr. Yzaguirre, age 64, has over 35 years of leadership experience in domestic and international business, government and law, and expertise in a wide variety of industries and sectors, including electricity, oil and gas, banking, real estate, telecommunications and private equity investing. Mr. Yzaguirre previously served as an Executive Chairman of Forbes Bros. Holdings, Ltd. (Forbes) from June 2019 to February 2021 and as Chairman of Forbes and Chief Executive Officer at Forbes Bros. Timberline Construction, Inc. from May 2017 to June 2019. Prior to joining Forbes, Mr. Yzaguirre served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Yzaguirre Group, LLC from June 2006 to June 2017. Mr. Yzaguirre currently serves as a member of the board and as a member of the Risk and Compensation Committees of WaFd, Inc. (NASDAQ: WAFD) since February 2024, as a member of the board and as a member of the Finance, Innovation and Compensation and Talent Development Committees of Altria Group, Inc. (NYSE: MO) since May 2022, and as a member of the board and as Chairman of the Compensation Committee and member of the Audit Committee of Aris Water Solutions, Inc. (NYSE: ARIS) since October 2021. Mr. Yzaguirre has also previously served on the boards of Luther Burbank Corporation and Luther Burbank Savings (an FDIC insured, California-chartered bank) from October 2021 to February 2024 and BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. and BBVA USA Bank from June 2009 until June 2021, where he served in various roles including, as a board member, Chairman of the Risk Committee, Audit & Compliance Committee and Compensation Committee. Mr. Yzaguirre has also previously served on the Board of Directors of the Texas Business Hall of Fame Foundation (including serving as its Chairman) and on the Board of Directors of the Texas Wildlife Association. He obtained a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Texas at Austin in 1983 and a Juris Doctorate degree from the University of Texas School of Law in 1986. 

In connection with Mr. Yzaguirres appointment to the Board, the Company entered into an Indemnification Agreement (the Indemnification Agreement) with Mr. Yzaguirre similar to Indemnification Agreements between the Company and its other directors and executive officers. The Indemnification Agreement requires the Company to indemnify Mr. Yzaguirre to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liability that may arise by reason of his service to the Company, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against his as to which he could be indemnified. The foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indemnification Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD 

On January 30, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing Mr. Yzaguirres appointment to the Board as a new director. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference. 

2 

In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K under this Item 7.01 and set forth in the attached Exhibit 99.1 shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific referencing in such filing. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Schedules 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Description

10.1 Indemnification Agreement (M. Max Yzaguirre). 

99.1 Press Release, dated January 30, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 5, 2025 

SOLARIS ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE, INC.

By: 

/s/ Kyle S. Ramachandran

Name: Kyle S. Ramachandran

Title: President and Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d923149dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of January 30, 2025 by and between Solaris Energy
Infrastructure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and M. Max Yzaguirre (Indemnitee). 

RECITALS: 

WHEREAS, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are subjected to expensive and
time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself; 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided
with adequate protection through insurance and adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that the increased difficulty in
attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, (i) the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as may be amended, the Bylaws) requires
indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company (ii) Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL) and (iii) the Bylaws and
the DGCL expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers and other persons with respect to
indemnification; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company (as may be amended, the Certificate of Incorporation) and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefore, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of
Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, (i) Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the Bylaws and insurance as
adequate in the present circumstances, (ii) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company without adequate protection, (iii) the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity,
and (iv) Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

AGREEMENT: 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree
as follows: 

Section 1. Definitions. (a) As used in this Agreement: 

Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
(i) the Company or (ii) any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership or joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in
respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, trustee, agent or fiduciary.

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Expenses shall mean all reasonable costs, expenses, fees and charges, including, without limitation, attorneys
fees, document and e-discovery costs, litigation expenses, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone
charges, postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or
otherwise participating in, a Proceeding. Expenses also shall include, without limitation, (i) expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from, incurred by Indemnitee in connection with, arising out of, or in respect of or
relating to, any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) for purposes of
Section 12(d) hereof only, expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise, (iii) any federal,
state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and (iv) any interest, assessments or other charges in respect of the foregoing. Expenses shall
not include Liabilities. 

Indemnity Obligations shall mean all obligations of the Company to
Indemnitee under this Agreement, including the Companys obligations to provide indemnification to Indemnitee and advance Expenses to Indemnitee under this Agreement. 

Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm of fifty (50) or more attorneys, or a member of a law firm of fifty
(50) or more attorneys, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such
party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder; provided, however, that the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the
Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

2 

Liabilities shall mean all claims, liabilities, damages, losses,
judgments, orders, fines, penalties and other amounts payable in connection with, arising out of, or in respect of or relating to any Proceeding, including, without limitation, amounts paid in settlement in any Proceeding and all costs and expenses
in complying with any judgment, order or decree issued or entered in connection with any Proceeding or any settlement agreement, stipulation or consent decree entered into or issued in settlement of any Proceeding. 

Person shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust,
governmental agency or body or any other legal entity. 

Proceeding shall mean any threatened, pending or
completed action, claim, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, formal or informal hearing, inquiry or investigation, litigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed judicial,
administrative or arbitration proceeding (including, without limitation, any such proceeding under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act or any other federal law, state law, statute or regulation), whether brought in the right
of the Company or otherwise, and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, in each case, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be, or is threatened to be, involved as a party, witness or otherwise by reason of the fact that
Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any actual or alleged action taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or inaction) on Indemnitees part while acting as director or
officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement can be provided under this Agreement. 

(b) For the purpose hereof, references to fines shall include any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit
plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with
respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a Person who acted in good faith and in a manner such Person reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit
plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement. 

Section 2. Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Liabilities and Expenses suffered or reasonably incurred (and, in the case of retainers, reasonably expected to be incurred) by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection
with any Proceeding (other than any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor, which is provided for in Section 3 below), or any claim, issue or matter therein. 

3 

Section 3. Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the
Company. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Liabilities and Expenses suffered or incurred (and, in the case of retainers, reasonably expected to
be incurred) by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor, or any claim, issue or matter therein. No indemnification for Expenses shall be
made under this Section 3 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of
Chancery or any court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

Section 4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding any other
provisions of this Agreement, and without limiting the rights of Indemnitee under any other provision hereof, including any rights to indemnification pursuant to Sections 2 or 3 hereof, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, to the extent that Indemnitee is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all
Expenses actually and reasonably incurred (and, in the case of retainers, reasonably expected to be incurred) by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved Proceeding, claim, issue or matter. For purposes
of this Section 4 and without limitation, the termination of any Proceeding or claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim,
issue or matter. 

Section 5. Indemnification For Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness or otherwise a participant, including by a request to respond to discovery requests,
receipt of a subpoena or similar demand for documents or testimony, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party and is not threatened to be made a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses suffered or incurred (or, in the
case of retainers, reasonably expected to be incurred) by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

Section 6. Additional Indemnification. Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 2,
3 or 4 hereof, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the
Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Liabilities and Expenses suffered or reasonably incurred (and, in the case of retainers, reasonably expected to be incurred) by Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding, including but not
limited to: 

(a) the fullest extent permitted by the provision of the DGCL that authorizes or contemplates additional
indemnification by agreement, or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the DGCL; and 

4 

(b) the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of
the DGCL adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors. 

Section 7. Exclusions. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this
Agreement to indemnify or hold harmless Indemnitee, or, in the case of (a) and (d), to advance Expenses to Indemnitee: 

(a) for
which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy obtained by the Company except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under such insurance policy; 

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company
within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; 

(c) for
any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Corporation, as required in each case under the Exchange
Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Corporation pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Corporation
of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), if Indemnitee is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements) or in respect of
claw-back provisions promulgated under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; 

(d) except as provided in Section 12(d) of this Agreement, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of
any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the
Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law or (iii) such Proceeding is being
brought by Indemnitee to assert, interpret or enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, Indemnitee shall not be deemed, for purposes of this subsection, to have initiated or brought any claim by reason of
(A) having asserted any affirmative defenses in connection with a claim not initiated by Indemnitee or (B) having made any counterclaim (whether permissive or mandatory) in connection with any claim not initiated by Indemnitee); or 

(e) if a final decision by a court having jurisdiction in the matter that is not subject to appeal shall determine that such
indemnification is not lawful. 

Section 8. Advancement. In accordance with the
pre-existing requirements of the Bylaws, and notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Expenses and
Liabilities reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding, and such advancement shall be made 

5 

within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding.
Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of
this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all Expenses reasonably incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed.
Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking providing that Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced to the extent that it is ultimately
determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. Nothing in this Section 8 shall limit Indemnitees right to
advancement pursuant to Section 12(d) of this Agreement. This Section 8 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to
Sections 7(a) or (d) hereof. 

Section 9. Procedure for Notification and Defense of
Claim. 

(a) Indemnitee shall promptly notify the Company in writing of any Proceeding with respect to which Indemnitee
intends to seek indemnification or advancement hereunder following the receipt by Indemnitee of written notice thereof (the date of such notification, the Submission Date). The written notification to the Company shall
include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such
documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification following the final disposition of such Proceeding, including any
appeal therein. Any delay or failure by Indemnitee to notify the Company hereunder will not relieve the Company from any liability which it may have to Indemnitee hereunder or otherwise than under this Agreement, and any delay or failure in so
notifying the Company shall not constitute a waiver by Indemnitee of any rights under this Agreement. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has
requested indemnification. 

(b) In the event Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification and/or advancement with respect to any
Proceeding, Indemnitee may, at Indemnitees option, (i) retain counsel (including local counsel) selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Company to defend Indemnitee in such Proceeding, at the sole expense of the Company (which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), or (ii) have the Company assume the defense of Indemnitee in such Proceeding, in which case the Company shall assume the defense of such Proceeding with counsel selected by the
Company and approved by Indemnitee (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of written notice of Indemnitees election to cause the Company to do so. If
the Company is required to assume the defense of any such Proceeding, it shall engage legal counsel for such defense, and the Company shall be solely responsible for all fees and expenses of such legal counsel and otherwise of such defense. Such
legal counsel may represent both Indemnitee and the Company (and any other party or parties entitled to be indemnified by the Company with respect to such matter) unless, in the reasonable opinion of legal counsel to Indemnitee, there is a conflict

6 

of interest between Indemnitee and the Company (or any other such party or parties) or there are legal defenses available to Indemnitee that are not available to the Company (or any such other
party or parties). Notwithstanding either partys assumption of responsibility for defense of a Proceeding, each party shall have the right to engage separate counsel at its own expense. If the Company has responsibility for defense of a
Proceeding, the Company shall provide the Indemnitee and its counsel with all copies of pleadings and material correspondence relating to the Proceeding. Indemnitee and the Company shall reasonably cooperate in the defense of any Proceeding with
respect to which indemnification is sought hereunder, regardless of whether the Company or Indemnitee assumes the defense thereof. Indemnitee may not settle or compromise any Proceeding without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Company may not settle or compromise any Proceeding without the prior written consent of Indemnitee. 

Section 10. Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification. 

(a) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 9(a) hereof, if any
determination by the Company is required by applicable law with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto, such determination shall be made (i) if Indemnitee shall request such determination be made by Independent Counsel, by Independent
Counsel, and (ii) in all other circumstances, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the
Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors or, if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which
shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (D) if so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the Company holding a majority of the securities of the Company entitled to vote; and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to
indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee
and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be borne by the Company (irrespective
of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. The Company will not deny any written request for indemnification hereunder made in
good faith by Indemnitee unless a determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification described in this Section 10(a) has been made. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the
Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Liabilities and Expenses arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

(b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to
Section 10(a) hereof, (i) the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Company within ten (10) days of the Submission Date (the cost of such Independent Counsel to be paid by the Company), (ii) the
Company shall give written notice to 

7 

Indemnitee advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and (iii) Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been
given, deliver to the Company Indemnitees written objection to such selection. Such objection by Indemnitee may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel selected does not meet the requirements of Independent
Counsel as defined in this Agreement. If such written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected shall not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until Indemnitee withdraws the objection or a court has determined
that such objection is without merit. Absent a timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to before the later of (A) thirty (30) days after
the Submission Date and (B) ten (10) days after the final disposition of the Proceeding, including any appeal therein, each of the Company and Indemnitee shall select a law firm or member of a law firm meeting the qualifications to serve
as Independent Counsel, and such law firms or members of law firms shall select the Independent Counsel. 

Upon the due commencement of any judicial
proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing). 

Section 11. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings. 

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such
determination shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with
Section 9(a) of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or
entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that
indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable
standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

(b) Subject to Section 12(d) hereof, if the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under
Section 10 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefore, the
requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent a prohibition of such
indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if (i) the determination is to be made by Independent Counsel and
Indemnitee objects to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and (ii) the Independent Counsel ultimately selected requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation or information relating thereto;
provided further, however, that such 60-day period may also be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional sixty (60) days, if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders of the Company.

8 

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by
judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption
that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe
that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(d) Reliance as Safe Harbor. For purposes of any determination of good
faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the
Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert
selected with the reasonable care by the Enterprise. The provisions of this Section 11(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the
applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 

(e) Actions of Others. The knowledge or actions, or
failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

Section 12. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 12(d) hereof, in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 10 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement is not timely made pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (iii) no
determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been timely made pursuant to Section 10(a) of this Agreement within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 4 or 5 or the third to the last sentence of Section 10(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request
therefor, (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to Sections 2, 3 or 6 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification, or (vi) in the event that the Company or any other Person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or proceeding designed to deny, or to
recover from, Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification or advancement. Alternatively,
Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees
right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

9 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to
Section 10(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 12 shall be conducted in all respects
as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 12 the Company
shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement, as the case may be. 

(c) If a
determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 10(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration
commenced pursuant to this Section 12, absent a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or
arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 12 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the
Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. It is the intent of the Company that Indemnitee not be required to incur Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement
by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by
Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) advance, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any
action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advancement from the Company under this Agreement or the Bylaws, or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether
Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or insurance recovery, as the case may be. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this
Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding, including any appeal therein; provided that, in absence of any such determination with respect to such Proceeding, the Company shall advance Expenses with
respect to such Proceeding. 

Section 13. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights;
Insurance; Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement as provided by this Agreement shall not
be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No
amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status
prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. The Company shall not adopt any amendment or alteration to, or repeal of, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, the effect of which would be to deny, diminish or encumber the Indemnitees
rights to indemnification 

10 

pursuant to this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or applicable law relative to such rights prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in
Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement than would be afforded currently under the Bylaws or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this
Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and
remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement and insurance provided
by one or more Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Company shall be the indemnitor of first resort with respect to any Proceeding, Expense, Liability
or matter that is the subject of the Indemnity Obligations, (ii) the Company shall be primarily liable for all Indemnity Obligations and any indemnification afforded to Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding, Expense,
Liability or matter that is the subject of Indemnity Obligations, whether created by applicable law, organizational or constituent documents, contract (including this Agreement) or otherwise, (iii) any obligation of any other
Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated to indemnify Indemnitee or advance Expenses or Liabilities to Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding shall be secondary to the obligations of the Company hereunder, (iv) the
Company shall be required to indemnify Indemnitee and advance Expenses or Liabilities to Indemnitee hereunder to the fullest extent provided herein without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against any other Person with whom or which
Indemnitee may be associated or insurer of any such Person and (v) the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated from any claim of contribution,
subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of amounts paid by the Company hereunder. In the event any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their insurers advances or extinguishes any liability or loss
which is the subject of any Indemnity Obligation owed by the Company or payable under any Company insurance policy, the payor shall have a right of subrogation against the Company or its insurer or insurers for all amounts so paid which would
otherwise be payable by the Company or its insurer or insurers under this Agreement. In no event will payment of an Indemnity Obligation by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their insurers affect the obligations of
the Company hereunder or shift primary liability for any Indemnity Obligation to any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. Any indemnification, insurance or advancement provided by any other Person with whom or which
Indemnitee may be associated with respect to any liability arising as a result of Indemnitees Corporate Status or capacity as an officer or director of any Person is specifically in excess over any Indemnity Obligation of the Company or valid
and any collectible insurance (including but not limited to any malpractice insurance or professional errors and omissions insurance) provided by the Company under this Agreement. 

11 

(c) The Company shall maintain an insurance policy or policies providing liability
insurance providing reasonable and customary coverage as compared with similarly situated companies (as determined by the Board in its reasonable discretion) for directors, officers, employees, trustees, or agents of any Enterprise, and Indemnitee
shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee, trustee or agent under such policy or policies and such policies shall
provide for and recognize that the insurance policies are primary to any rights to indemnification, advancement or insurance proceeds to which Indemnitee may be entitled from one or more Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated to the
same extent as the Companys indemnification and advancement obligations set forth in this Agreement. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has director and officer liability insurance
in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to
cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, including
rights of indemnification provided to Indemnitee from any other person or entity with whom Indemnitee may be associated; provided, however, that the Company shall not be subrogated to the extent of any such payment of all rights of recovery of
Indemnitee with respect to any Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. 

(e) The indemnification and contribution
provided for in this Agreement will remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of Indemnitee. 

Section 14. Duration of Agreement; Not Employment Contract. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon
the latest of: (i) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any other Enterprise, (ii) one (1) year after the date of final termination of
any Proceeding, including any appeal, then pending in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement hereunder and of any proceeding, including any appeal, commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to
Section 12 of this Agreement relating thereto or (iii) the expiration of all statutes of limitation applicable to possible Proceedings to which Indemnitee may be subject arising out of Indemnitees Corporate
Status. The indemnification provided under this Agreement shall continue as to the Indemnitee even though he or she may have ceased to be a director or officer of the Company or of any of the Companys direct or indirect subsidiaries or to have
Corporate Status. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. The Company shall require and cause any
successor, and any direct or indirect parent of any successor, whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written
agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. This
Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or any other Enterprise) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that Indemnitees employment with the Company (or any of its
subsidiaries or any other Enterprise), if any, is at will, and Indemnitee may be discharged at any 

12 

time for any reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any written employment contract between Indemnitee and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or any other
Enterprise), other applicable formal severance policies duly adopted by the Board, or, with respect to service as a director of the Company, by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or the DGCL. 

Section 15. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law; (b) such
provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to
the intent manifested thereby. 

Section 16. Enforcement. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company. 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of
Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefore, nor diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

Section 17. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding
unless executed in writing by the parties thereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to be or shall constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

Section 18. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage
prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by
facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation that such transmission has been received: 

(i) 

If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as
Indemnitee shall provide to the Company. 

13 

(ii) 

If to the Company to 

Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc. 

9651 Katy Freeway, Suite 300 

Houston, Texas 77024 

Attention:
Board of Directors 

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company. 

Section 19. Contribution. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for
in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for Liabilities or for Expenses, in connection with any
Proceeding, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (a) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and
transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and (b) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and transaction(s). 

Section 20. Applicable Law. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and
construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. 

Section 21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all
purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this
Agreement. 

Section 22. Miscellaneous. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the
feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the day and
year first above written. 

SOLARIS ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE, INC. INDEMNITEE

By: 

/s/ Kyle S. Ramachandran By: 

/s/ M. Max Yzaguirre

Name: Kyle S. Ramachandran Name: M. Max Yzaguirre

Title: President and Chief Financial Officer Title: Director

SIGNATURE
PAGETO INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d923149dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Solaris Energy Infrastructure Announces the Addition of Max Yzaguirre to its Board of Directors 

HOUSTON, January 30, 2025 (BUSINESS WIRE) Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc. (NYSE:SEI) (Solaris or the
Company) announced today that Mr. Max Yzaguirre has been named as an independent member of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board), effective January 30, 2025. With the addition of Mr. Yzaguirre, the
Board is now composed of 10 members. 

We are pleased to welcome Max to our Board and look forward to the value he will bring Solaris,
said Bill Zartler, Solaris Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. His experience developing energy and power related projects as well as his former roles as Chairman of the Texas Public Utility Commission and an ERCOT Board Member will provide
unique insight to Solaris as we continue to grow and develop our Power Solutions business. 

Laurie H. Argo, Chairman of the Nominating and
Governance Committee of Solaris Board, stated, Max is an accomplished executive with extensive leadership, strategic, operational, financial and governance experience. The Board welcomes his appointment and believes his expertise and
invaluable perspective will help Solaris continue to drive value for its shareholders. 

About Max Yzaguirre 

Mr. Max Yzaguirre has served on the Boards of Directors of publicly-listed and privately-held companies, as well as
non-profit organizations. Mr. Yzaguirre currently serves on the Board of Directors of WaFD Bank (NASDAQ: WAFD), Altria Group (NYSE: MO) and Aris Water Solutions (NYSE: ARIS). 

Mr. Yzaguirre has over 35 years of leadership experience in domestic and international business, government and law, and expertise in a wide variety of
industries and sectors, including electricity, oil and gas, banking, real estate, telecommunications and private equity investing. Mr. Yzaguirre led numerous teams that developed projects such as electric power plants, electric transmission
lines and pipelines both in the US and internationally. Additionally, Mr. Yzaguirre served as Chairman of the Public Utility Commission (PUC) of Texas from 2001-2002, when the States retail electric market was restructured from a
regulated model to a competitive model. During Mr. Yzaguirres tenure as Chairman of the Texas PUC, he also served on the Board of Directors of the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT). 

About Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc. 

Solaris Energy
Infrastructure, Inc. (NYSE:SEI) provides mobile and scalable equipment-based solutions for use in distributed power generation as well as the management of raw materials used in the completion of oil and natural gas wells. Headquartered in Houston,
Texas, Solaris serves multiple U.S. end markets, including energy, data centers, and other commercial and industrial sectors. For more details, visit solaris-energy.com. 

Contacts: 

Yvonne Fletcher 

Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations 

(281) 501-3070

IR@solaris-energy.com 

Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sei-20250130.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sei-20250130_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sei-20250130_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 30, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001697500

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 30, 2025

Entity Registrant Name SOLARIS ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38090

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-5223109

Entity Address, Address Line One 9651 Katy Freeway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77024

City Area Code (281)

Local Phone Number 501-3070

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol SEI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.solaris-energy.com//20250130/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d923149d8k.htm 
sei-20250130.xsd 
sei-20250130_lab.xml 
sei-20250130_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-020863-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d923149d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001697500 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

false 
0001697500 
8-K 
2025-01-30 
SOLARIS ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE, INC. 
DE 
001-38090 
81-5223109 
9651 Katy Freeway 
Suite 300 
Houston 
TX 
77024 
(281) 
501-3070 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
SEI 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>