<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-018382.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-018382.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131160116
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-018382
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BELLRING BRANDS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001772016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				873296749
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39093
		FILM NUMBER:		25578299

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-644-6400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d925487d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001772016--09-3000017720162025-01-282025-01-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 31, 2025 (January 28, 2025)

BellRing Brands, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39093 87-3296749

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2503 S. Hanley Road St. Louis Missouri 63144

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (314)644-7600

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share BRBR New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933

(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

BellRing Brands, Inc. (the Company) held its annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting) entirely virtually, conducted via a live audio-only webcast on Tuesday, January 28, 2025. Upon stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of the Certificate of Amendment to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to declassify the Companys Board of Directors as described in Proposal 1 under Item 5.07 below, the Certificate of Amendment and Amendment to the Companys Bylaws included with the Companys definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 17, 2024 and supplemented on January 3, 2025 became effective with the filing of that Certificate of Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State on January 28, 2025. 

Following the adoption of these amendments, the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws became effective with the filing of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State on January 31, 2025. In accordance with Section 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation restated the provisions of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation as theretofore amended or supplemented and only omitted certain provisions of the original Certificate of Incorporation which named the incorporator. The Amended and Restated Bylaws restated the provisions of the Companys Bylaws as theretofore amended or supplemented and only omitted certain provisions addressing notice periods relating to the Companys first annual meeting of stockholders following its initial public offering that had already lapsed. 

Copies of the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws are attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

At the Annual Meeting, of the 128,975,315 shares outstanding and entitled to vote, 109,791,916 shares were represented, constituting a 85.1% quorum. The final result for each of the matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders at the Annual Meeting are as follows: 

Proposal 1: An amendment to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to declassify the Companys Board of Directors was approved by the votes set forth in the table below: 

For 

Against 

Abstain 

Broker Non-Votes 

Percentage of

Votes Cast For

105,095,580 21,341 53,605 4,621,390 99.9%

Proposal 2: Each of the nominees for director were elected to serve until the Companys annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2026 or until their respective successors are elected and qualified, by the votes set forth in the table below: 

Nominee 

For 

Withhold 

Broker Non-Votes 

Percentage of

Votes Cast For

Robert V. Vitale 96,275,828 8,894,698 4,621,390 91.5%

Chonda J. Nwamu 103,081,558 2,088,968 4,621,390 98.0%

Proposal 3: The appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2025 was ratified by the stockholders, by the votes set forth in the table below: 

For 

Against 

Abstain 

Percentage of

Votes Cast For

109,421,524 297,827 72,565 99.7%

Proposal 4: The Companys executive compensation as described in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 17, 2024, was approved by the non-binding advisory votes of the stockholders set forth in the table below: 

For 

Against 

Abstain 

Broker Non-Votes 

Percentage of

Votes Cast For

100,918,725 4,058,686 193,115 4,621,390 96.0%

Proposal 5: A stockholder proposal to adopt a director election resignation guideline was rejected by the stockholders, by the votes set forth in the table below: 

For 

Against 

Abstain 

Broker Non-Votes 

Percentage of

Votes Cast For

20,050,006 84,845,304 275,216 4,621,390 19.1%

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Title

3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BellRing Brands, Inc. 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of BellRing Brands, Inc. 

104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: January 31, 2025 BellRing Brands, Inc.

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ Craig Rosenthal

Name: Craig Rosenthal

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d925487dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 

Craig Rosenthal hereby certifies that: 

ONE: The name of the corporation is BellRing Brands, Inc. and the date of filing the original Certificate of Incorporation of this
corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was March 10, 2022. 

TWO: He is the duly elected and acting
Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of BellRing Brands, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation). 

THREE: The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

1. Name. The name of the Corporation is BellRing Brands, Inc. 

2. Address; Registered Office and Agent. The address of the Corporations registered office is Corporation Service Company, 251
Little Falls Drive in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808; and the name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

3. Purposes. The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (as from time to time in effect, the General Corporation Law). 

4.
Number of Shares. 

4.1 The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock that the Corporation shall have authority to
issue is five hundred fifty million (550,000,000) shares, consisting of: (i) five hundred million (500,000,000) shares of common stock, with the par value of $0.01 per share (Common Stock); and (ii) fifty million
(50,000,000) shares of preferred stock, with the par value of $0.01 per share (Preferred Stock). 

4.2 Subject to the
special rights of the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, the number of authorized shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased, in each case by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation
Law, and no vote of the holders of Common Stock or Preferred Stock voting separately as a class shall be required therefor. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, the number of authorized shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock may
not be decreased below the number of shares of such class then outstanding. 

1 

5. Classes of Shares. The designation, relative rights, preferences and limitations
of the shares of each class of capital stock are as follows: 

5.1 Common Stock. 

(i) Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled, with respect to each share of Common Stock held by such holder on
the applicable record date, to one (1) vote, in person or by proxy, on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote. 

(ii) Dividends. Subject to applicable law and the special rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock,
dividends of cash, shares of stock of the Corporation or property may be declared and paid on the Common Stock out of the assets of the Corporation that are by law available therefor, at the times and in the amounts as the board of directors of the
Corporation (the Board) in its discretion may determine. 

(iii) Liquidation. In the event of any voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, and subject to the special rights, if any, of the holders of any
outstanding series of Preferred Stock, the holders of all outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, pari passu, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution ratably in proportion to the number of
shares of Common Stock held by each holder. 

5.2 Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one
or more series of any number of shares, provided that the aggregate number of shares issued and not retired of any and all such series shall not exceed the total number of shares of Preferred Stock hereinabove authorized, and with such powers,
including voting powers, if any, and the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, all as shall hereafter be stated and expressed in
the resolution or resolutions providing for the designation and issue of such shares of Preferred Stock from time to time adopted by the Board pursuant to authority so to do which is hereby expressly vested in the Board. The powers, including voting
powers, if any, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at
any time outstanding. Each series of shares of Preferred Stock: (i) may have such voting rights or powers, full or limited, if any; (ii) may be subject to redemption at such time or times and at such prices, if any; (iii) may be
entitled to receive dividends (which may be cumulative or non-cumulative) at such rate or rates, on such conditions and at such times, and payable in preference to, or in such relation to, the dividends
payable on any other class or classes or series of capital stock, if any; (iv) may have such rights upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding up or dissolution of, upon any distribution of the assets of, or in the event of any
merger, sale or consolidation of, the Corporation, if any; (v) may be made convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same or any other class or classes of capital stock of the
Corporation (or any other securities of the Corporation or any other Person) at such price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with such adjustments, if any; (vi) may be entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund to be applied to the
purchase or redemption of shares of such series in such amount or amounts, if any; (vii) may be entitled to the benefit of conditions and restrictions upon the creation of indebtedness of the Corporation or any subsidiary, upon the issue of any
additional shares (including additional shares of such series or of any other series) and upon the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions on, and the purchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Corporation or any subsidiary
of, any outstanding shares of the Corporation, if any; (viii) may be subject to restrictions on transfer or registration of transfer, or on the amount of shares that may be owned by any Person or group of Persons; and (ix) may have such
other relative, participating, optional or other special rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any; all as shall be stated in said resolution or resolutions of the Board providing for the designation and issue of such
shares of Preferred Stock. 

6. Stockholder Matters. 

6.1 Actions by Written Consent. Any action required by the General Corporation Law to be taken at any annual or special meeting of
stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be effected only at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by
any consent by such stockholders in lieu of a meeting. 

6.2 Election of Directors by Written Ballot. Unless and except to the
extent that the Bylaws of the Corporation (as such Bylaws may be amended from time to time, the Bylaws) shall so require, the election of the directors of the Corporation need not be by written ballot. 

7. Directors. 

7.1
Number and Classification. Subject to the special rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, the number of directors shall be fixed by, or in the manner provided in, the Bylaws, but shall
not be less than five nor more than twelve members. Subject to the special rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, the names of the seven (7) current directors who shall serve until the
expiration of the respective terms for which they were elected, and until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal, and the year in which the current term of each such director shall expire
are: 

Name Year of Expiration 

Robert V. Vitale 2025 

Chonda J. Nwamu 2025 

Darcy Horn Davenport 2026 

Elliot H. Stein, Jr. 2026 

Shawn W. Conway 2027 

Thomas P. Erickson 2027 

Jennifer Kuperman Johnson 2027 

Each director shall serve for the term of office for which he or she is elected, and until his or her
successor is duly elected and qualifies or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. At each annual meeting of stockholders commencing with the annual meeting of stockholders held in 2025, the successors to the directors whose term expires
at such annual meeting of stockholders shall be elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, whenever the holders of any one or more classes or series of capital stock of the Corporation, other than shares of Common Stock, shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors, the election, term of
office, filling of vacancies and other features of such directorship shall be governed by the terms of this Certificate of Incorporation or any certificate of designation thereunder applicable thereto. As used in this Certificate of Incorporation,
the term entire Board means the total number of directors fixed by, or in accordance with, this Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws. 

7.2 Removal of Directors. Subject to the special rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock,
commencing with the Corporations 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, members of the Board may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the voting power of all of the outstanding
shares of capital stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

7.3 Vacancies.
Subject to the special rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, any vacancies in the Board which occur for any reason, and any newly created directorships which occur by reason of an increase in
the number of directors, may be filled only by the majority of the remaining directors (even if less than a quorum) or by a sole remaining director. 

8. Corporate Opportunities. 

8.1 Competition and Corporate Opportunities. 

(i) Subject to any express agreement that may from time to time be in effect, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Post may, and shall
have no duty not to, (a) carry on and conduct, whether directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, as a partner in any partnership or member, manager or owner of any limited liability company or other type of entity, as a joint
venturer in any joint venture, as an officer, director or stockholder of any corporation or as a participant in any syndicate, pool, trust or association, any business of any kind, nature or description, whether or not such business is competitive
with or in the same or similar lines of business as the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies (as defined in Section 14), (b) do business with any client, customer, vendor or lessor of the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies
and (c) make investments in any kind of property in which the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies may make investments, and no Dual Role Person (as defined in Section 14) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be deemed
to have breached his, her or its fiduciary duties, if any, to the Corporation solely by reason of Posts engaging in any such activity. 

(ii) To the fullest extent permitted by Section 122(17) of the General Corporation
Law, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies to participate in any business of Post, and waives any claim against each Dual Role Person, and shall indemnify each Dual Role
Person against any claim, that such Dual Role Person is liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of such Dual Role Persons participation in any such business. The Corporation shall pay in
advance any expenses incurred in defense of any such claim against any Dual Role Person pursuant to Section 9 or as provided in the Bylaws. 

(iii) To the fullest extent permitted by Section 122(17) of the General Corporation Law, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest
or expectancy of the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies in any potential transaction or matter which may constitute a corporate opportunity for both (a) Post and (b) the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies, and
waives any claim against each Dual Role Person, and shall indemnify each Dual Role Person against any claim, that such Dual Role Person is liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact
that such Dual Role Person (a) pursues or acquires any corporate opportunity for the account of Post, (b) directs, recommends or otherwise transfers such corporate opportunity to Post or (c) does not offer or communicate information
regarding such corporate opportunity to the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies because such Dual Role Person has directed or intends to direct such opportunity to Post; provided, however, in each case, that any corporate
opportunity which is expressly offered to a Dual Role Person solely in his or her capacity as a director, officer, manager, employee or agent of the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies, as reasonably determined by such Dual Role Person,
shall belong to the Corporation. The Corporation shall pay in advance any expenses incurred in defense of any such claim pursuant to Section 8 or as provided in the Bylaws. 

(iv) The foregoing provisions in this Section 8.1, and the action of any Dual Role Person taken in accordance with, or in reliance upon,
the foregoing provisions in this Section 8.1, including entering into or performing any agreement, transaction or arrangement, are, to the fullest extent permitted by law, deemed and presumed to be fair to the Corporation. 

8.2 Certain Matters Deemed not Corporate Opportunities. In addition to and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section 8, the Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity pursued by or at the direction of Post that
the Corporation is not financially able, contractually permitted or legally able to undertake. Moreover, nothing in this Section 8 shall amend or modify in any respect any written contractual agreement between Post, on the one hand, and the
Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies, on the other hand. 

8.3 Deemed Notice. Any Person purchasing or otherwise
acquiring or obtaining any interest in any capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Section 8. 

8.4 Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision, or part of any provision, of this
Section 8 shall not affect the other provisions or parts hereof, and this Section 8 shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions or parts were omitted. 

8.5 Amendment; Terminations. 

(i) The provisions of this Section 8 shall have no further force or effect at such time as none of the directors, officers, employees,
agents and/or Affiliates of Post serve as directors, officers, managers, employees and/or agents of the Corporation or any of its Controlled Companies. 

(ii) No amendment, alteration, change, repeal or termination of this Section 8, nor the adoption of a provision inconsistent with this
Section 8, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of such provisions with respect to (a) any matter occurring, or any action or proceeding accruing or arising, prior to such amendment, alteration, change, repeal, termination or adoption of
an inconsistent provision or (b) any agreement, arrangement or other understanding between the Corporation and/or a Controlled Company, on the one hand, and Post, on the other hand, that was entered into prior to such amendment, alteration,
change, repeal, termination or adoption of an inconsistent provision or any transaction entered into in the performance of such agreement, arrangement or other understanding, whether entered into before or after such time. 

9. Indemnification. 

9.1
Actions Involving Directors and Officers. The Corporation shall indemnify each person (other than a party plaintiff suing on his or her behalf or in the right of the Corporation) who at any time is serving or has served as a director or
officer of the Corporation against any claim, liability or expense incurred as a result of such service, any other service on behalf of the Corporation or any service at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, manager, employee,
member or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether incorporated or unincorporated, for-profit or not-for-profit), to the maximum extent permitted by law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person who was or is a party (other than a party plaintiff
suing on his or her behalf or in the right of the Corporation), or is threatened to be made a party, to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (including, but not
limited to, an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of such service, against expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him
or her in connection with such action, suit or proceeding. 

9.2 Actions Involving Employees or Agents. 

(i) Permissive Indemnification. The Corporation may, if it deems appropriate and as may be permitted by this Section 9,
indemnify any person (other than a party plaintiff suing on his or her own behalf or in the right of the Corporation) who at any time is serving or has served as an employee or agent of the Corporation against any claim, liability or expense
incurred as a result of such service, any other service on behalf of the Corporation or any service at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, manager, employee, member or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise (whether incorporated or unincorporated, for-profit or not-for-profit), to the maximum extent permitted
by law or to such lesser extent as the Corporation, in its discretion, may deem appropriate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Corporation may indemnify any such person who was or is a party (other than a party plaintiff suing on
his or her own behalf or in the right of the Corporation), or is threatened to be made a party, to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (including, but not limited
to, an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of such service, against expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in
connection with such action, suit or proceeding. 

(ii) Mandatory Indemnification. To the extent that an employee or agent of
the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Section 9.2(i), or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he or she shall be indemnified against expenses
(including, without limitation, attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the action, suit or proceeding. 

9.3 Determination of Right to Indemnification in Certain Circumstances. Any indemnification required under Section 9.1 or
authorized by the Corporation in a specific case or otherwise required pursuant to Section 9.2 shall be made by the Corporation, unless a determination is made reasonably and promptly that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or
agent is not proper under the circumstances. Such determination shall be made (i) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, (ii) if such a quorum is not
obtainable, or even if obtainable, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iii) by majority vote of the stockholders; provided that no such determination shall preclude an action brought in an appropriate court to challenge
such determination. 

9.4 Advance Payment of Expenses. To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, expenses incurred in defense
of a claim against a Dual Role Person (as defined in Section 14) pursuant to Section 8.1(ii) or Section 8.1(iii) and expenses incurred by a person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation in defending a civil or criminal
action, suit, proceeding or claim shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit, proceeding or claim, and expenses incurred by a person who is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation in defending a
civil or criminal action, suit, proceeding or claim may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit, proceeding or claim as authorized by or at the direction of the Board, in any case upon receipt of an
undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in or pursuant to this
Section 9 or otherwise. 

9.5 Rights Not Exclusive. The indemnification and other rights provided by this Section 9 shall
not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, and the Corporation is hereby specifically authorized to provide
such indemnification and other rights by any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. The Corporation shall be considered the indemnitor of first resort in all circumstances to which this Section 9 applies. 

9.6 Indemnification Agreements Authorized. Without limiting the other provisions of
this Section 9, the Corporation is authorized from time to time, without further action by the stockholders of the Corporation, to enter into agreements with any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or any person who is
otherwise serving on behalf of the Corporation at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, manager, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether incorporated or
unincorporated, for-profit or not-for-profit), providing such rights of indemnification as the Corporation may deem appropriate,
up to the maximum extent permitted by law. Any agreement entered into by the Corporation with a director may be authorized by the other directors, and such authorization shall not be invalid on the basis that similar agreements may have been or may
thereafter be entered into with other directors. 

9.7 Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of
any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or who is or was otherwise serving on behalf of the Corporation at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, manager, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether incorporated or unincorporated, for-profit or
not-for-profit) against any claim, liability or expense asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity or arising out of such
persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Section 9. 

9.8 Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Section 9: 

(i) Any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation who shall serve as a director, officer, manager, employee, member or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise of which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, is or was the owner of 20% or more of the outstanding voting stock (or comparable interests), shall be deemed to be so
serving at the request of the Corporation, unless the Board shall determine otherwise. In all other instances when any person shall serve as a director, officer, manager, employee, member or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise of which the Corporation is or was a shareholder or creditor, or in which the Corporation is or was otherwise interested, if it is not otherwise established that such person is or was serving as a director, officer,
manager, employee, member or agent at the request of the Corporation, the Board may determine whether such service is or was at the request of the Corporation, and it shall not be necessary to show any actual or prior request for such service. For
the avoidance of doubt, any person who is deemed to be serving at the request of the Corporation pursuant to this Section 9.8 is only deemed to be serving at the request of the Corporation for purposes of this Section 9, and is not
actually employed by the Corporation. 

(ii) References to a corporation include all constituent corporations absorbed in a consolidation
or merger as well as the resulting or surviving corporation so that any person who is or was a director, officer, manager, employee, member or agent of a constituent corporation or is or was serving at the request of a constituent corporation as a
director, officer, manager, employee, member or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Section 9 with respect to the resulting or
surviving corporation as such person would if such person had served the resulting or surviving corporation in the same capacity. 

(iii) The term other enterprise shall include, without limitation, employee
benefit plans and voting or taking action with respect to stock or other assets therein; the term serving at the request of the Corporation shall include, without limitation, any service as a director, officer, manager, employee, member
or agent of a corporation or other entity which imposes duties on, or involves services by, a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation with respect to any employee benefit plan or its participants or beneficiaries, and unless a
persons conduct in connection with an employee benefit plan is finally adjudicated to have been knowingly fraudulent, deliberately dishonest or willful misconduct, such person shall be deemed to have satisfied any standard of care required by
or pursuant to this Section 9 in connection with such plan; and the term fines shall include, without limitation, any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan and also shall include any damages
(including treble damages) and any other civil penalties. 

9.9 Survival. The indemnification and other rights provided pursuant to
this Section 9 shall apply both to action by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation in an official capacity and to action in another capacity (including, without limitation, any other service on behalf of the Corporation or
any service at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, manager, employee, member or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether incorporated or unincorporated, for-profit or not-for-profit) while holding such office or position and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Amended Certificate of Incorporation, any indemnification rights
arising under or granted pursuant to this Section 9 shall survive amendment or repeal of this Section 9 with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to the effective time of such amendment or repeal and persons to whom such
indemnification rights are given shall be entitled to rely upon such indemnification rights with respect to such acts or omissions occurring prior to the effective time of such amendment or repeal as a binding contract with the Corporation. 

9.10 Liability of the Directors. The liability of the Corporations directors to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by law. It is the intention of the Corporation to eliminate such liability, whether to the Corporation, its stockholders or otherwise, to
the fullest extent permitted by law. Consequently, should the General Corporation Law or any other applicable law be amended or adopted hereafter so as to permit the elimination or limitation of such liability, the liability of the directors of the
Corporation shall be so eliminated or limited without the need for amendment of this Certificate of Incorporation or further action on the part of the stockholders of the Corporation. Any repeal or modification of this Section 9 by the
stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

9.11 Amendment. This Section 9 may be amended, altered, changed or
repealed, or a provision inconsistent with this Section 9 may be adopted, only upon the affirmative vote of not less than 85% of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock then entitled to vote in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class. 

10. Amendment or Repeal of Bylaws. The Board may amend, alter, change or repeal
any provision of the Bylaws. The stockholders of the Corporation also may amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of the Bylaws upon the affirmative vote of a majority of all of the voting power of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon. 

11. Amendment or Repeal of Certificate. The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in
this Certificate of Incorporation in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by the General Corporation Law, except as otherwise set forth herein, and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature conferred upon stockholders, directors
or any other Persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended, are granted and held subject to this reservation. 

12. Exclusive Forum. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (i) the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for:
(a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or
the Corporations stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or the Bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the
General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine and (ii) the federal district courts of the United States shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action or proceeding arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 12. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including,
without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way
be affected or impaired thereby and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any
such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in respect of their good faith service to or for the
benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

14. Definitions. As used in this Certificate of Incorporation, unless the context
otherwise requires or as set forth in another Section of this Certificate of Incorporation, the term: 

Affiliate means
a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, another Person. 

Certificate of Incorporation is defined in the Recitals. 

Board is defined in Section 5.1(ii). 

Bylaws is defined in Section 6.2. 

Common Stock is defined in Section 4.1. 

Control (including the terms Controlling and Controlled) means the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Controlled Company means, with respect to the Corporation, any Person Controlled by the Corporation. 

Corporation is defined in the Recitals. 

Dual Role Person means each of (i) any director, officer, manager, employee or agent of the Corporation and/or any of
its Controlled Companies who is also a director, officer, employee, agent and/or Affiliate of Post and (ii) Post. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any successor law or statute, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

General Corporation Law is defined in Section 3. 

Person means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated
organization or other entity. 

Post means Post Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates (other than the Corporation and its
Controlled Companies), successors and assigns. 

Preferred Stock is defined in Section 4.1. 

FOUR: This Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted and approved by the Board of Directors in accordance with
Section 245 of the General Corporation Law and only restates and integrates and does not further amend the provisions of the Corporations certificate of incorporation as heretofore amended or supplemented, and that there is no discrepancy
between those provisions and the provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

In Witness Whereof, the Company has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be
signed by its Chief Legal Officer and Secretary this 30th day of January, 2025. 

BELLRING BRANDS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Craig Rosenthal

Name: Craig Rosenthal

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d925487dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF 

BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 

* * * 

ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS 

SECTION 1. ANNUAL MEETING: The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of BellRing Brands, Inc.
(the Corporation), or at such other place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors (the Board) may from time to time determine, on such date and at such time as may be
determined by the Board, to elect directors and transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting. At any annual meeting of stockholders only such business shall be conducted, and only such proposals shall be acted upon, as shall
have been properly brought before the meeting by the Board or by a stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. 

SECTION 2. SPECIAL MEETINGS: Special meetings of the stockholders or of the holders of any class of capital stock of the Corporation,
unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as may be amended from time to time, including the terms of any certificate of designation for any series of the Corporations preferred stock,
the Certificate of Incorporation), may be called only by (a) the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, (b) the Chairperson of the Board, or (c) the President of the Corporation. Only such business shall be
conducted, and only such proposals shall be acted upon, as is specified in the call of any special meeting of stockholders. 

SECTION 3. NOTICE; ADJOURNMENT: (a) Unless otherwise required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (as from time to
time in effect, the General Corporation Law), notice of each meeting of the stockholders, whether annual or special, shall be given in writing or by electronic transmission or otherwise, except that it shall not be necessary to
give notice to any stockholder who properly waives notice before or after the meeting, whether in writing or by electronic transmission or otherwise, and no notice of an adjourned meeting need be given, except when required under these Bylaws or by
law. Such notice shall state the date, time and place, if any, of the meeting (and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person at such meeting), the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and in the case of a special meeting, also shall state the purpose or
purposes thereof and shall be given in any manner permitted by law not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the meeting and shall state the time and place of the meeting, and unless it is the annual meeting, shall state at whose direction the
meeting is called and the purposes for which it is called. The attendance of any stockholder at a meeting, without protesting at the beginning of the meeting that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened, shall constitute a waiver of notice of
such meeting, and the requirement of notice also may be waived in accordance with Section 3 of Article V of these Bylaws. Any previously scheduled meeting of stockholders may be postponed and (unless the Certificate of Incorporation otherwise
provides) any special meeting of stockholders may be canceled or postponed, by resolution of the Board upon public announcement (as defined in Section 8(c) of Article I of these Bylaws) given on or prior to the date previously scheduled for such
meeting of stockholders. 

(b) Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given effectively to
stockholders, any notice to a stockholder given by the Corporation may be given by a form of electronic transmission. For purposes of these Bylaws, electronic transmission shall mean any process of communication, not directly involving
the physical transfer of paper, that is suitable for the retention, retrieval and reproduction of information by the recipient. 

(c)
Notice shall be deemed given, if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail with postage prepaid, if addressed to a stockholder at his, her or its address on the Corporations records. Notice given by electronic transmission shall be
deemed given (i) if by posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and (ii) if by any
facsimile, electronic mail or other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder at his, her or its address on the Corporations records. An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or the transfer agent or
other agent of the Corporation that notice has been given, whether by a form of electronic transmission or otherwise, shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 

(d) Any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned from time to time either by the person presiding over the meeting or by the vote of the
holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, if any, notice need not be given of the
adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed present in person and may vote at such meeting are announced at the meeting at which the
adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each
stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix a new record date for determining
stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting in accordance with these Bylaws and applicable law, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record
date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 

SECTION 4. QUORUM: Except as otherwise required by law, the holders of shares
representing a majority of the combined voting power of the Corporation entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business;
provided, however, that where a separate vote by a class or series of capital stock or classes or series of capital stock is required, a majority of the voting power of such class or series or classes or series entitled to vote shall
constitute a quorum with respect to such vote. Less than such quorum shall have the right successively to adjourn the meeting to a specified date not more than 30 days after such adjournment, and no notice need be given of such adjournment to
stockholders not present at such meeting. The stockholders present at a meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of such numbers of stockholders as to reduce the
remaining stockholders to less than a quorum. 

2 

SECTION 5. ACTION BY CONSENT: Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of
Incorporation, any action required by the General Corporation Law to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation,
may be effected only at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by any consent by such stockholders in lieu of a meeting. 

SECTION 6. VOTING: Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the
stockholders be entitled to vote the number of votes in person or by proxy for each share of the class of capital stock having voting power held by such stockholder. If a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of the majority of the voting power
represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting shall be the act of the stockholders, except in connection with the election of directors or as otherwise required by the Certificate of Incorporation, by these Bylaws or by law.

SECTION 7. PROXIES: The following shall constitute valid means by which a stockholder may authorize a person to act for the
stockholder as a proxy: 

(a) A stockholder or the stockholders duly authorized attorney-in-fact may execute a writing authorizing another person to act for the stockholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished by the stockholder or duly authorized attorney-in-fact signing such writing or causing the stockholders signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means, including, but not limited to, facsimile signature; or 

(b) A stockholder may authorize another person to act for the stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of a
facsimile or other means of electronic transmission, or by telephone, to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the
holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that any such facsimile or other means of electronic transmission or telephonic transmission shall either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the
facsimile or other electronic transmission or telephonic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. If it is determined that such facsimiles or other electronic transmissions or telephonic transmissions are valid, the inspectors or, if there
are no inspectors, such other persons making such determination, shall specify the information upon which they relied. 

SECTION 8.
BUSINESS TO BE CONDUCTED; ADVANCE NOTICE: (a) At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business (other than nominations of directors, which must be made in compliance with, and shall be exclusively governed by, Section 1 of Article
II of these Bylaws) shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting (i) pursuant to the Corporations notice of the meeting (or any supplement thereto), (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof or
(iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws, and at the time of the annual meeting, who shall be entitled to
vote at such meeting and who shall have complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws; clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to submit such business to be brought before
the meeting (other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) and to be included in the Corporations
notice of meeting before or at an annual meeting of stockholders. 

3 

(b) At any special meeting of stockholders, only such business or proposals as are specified
in the notice of the meeting may be properly brought before the meeting. 

(c) For any such business to be properly brought before an
annual meeting by a stockholder of record, pursuant to Section 8(a)(iii) of this Article I of these Bylaws, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and any such proposed business must
constitute a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholders notice, in writing, must be delivered to, or mailed to and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not
less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the meeting is more than 30 days before or more than
60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be received not earlier than the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the date of such
annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time
period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. For purposes of these Bylaws, public announcement shall include disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service
or in a publicly available document filed or furnished by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

(d) No business (other than the election of directors) shall be conducted at an annual meeting, except in accordance with the procedures set
forth in this Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the person presiding over the meeting (the chairperson) may, if the facts warrant,
determine that the proposed business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws (including whether the stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf
the proposal is solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did not so solicit, as the case may be, proxies in support of such stockholders proposal in compliance with such stockholders representation as required by
Section 8(e)(iii)(d) of Article I of these Bylaws); and if the chairperson should so determine, the chairperson shall so declare to the meeting, and any such proposed business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws, a stockholder also shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters
set forth in this Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements
applicable to business proposals to be considered pursuant to Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws (including Section 8(a)(iii) of Article I of these Bylaws). Nothing in this Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws shall be deemed to
affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. The provisions of this Section 8 of Article I
of these Bylaws also shall govern what constitutes timely notice for purposes of Rule 14a-4(c) of the Exchange Act. 

4 

(e) For any such business to be properly brought before a meeting, such stockholders
notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth as to each matter he or she proposes to bring before the meeting: 

(i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business
(including any proposed resolutions for consideration and, in the event that such business includes a proposal to request or otherwise relating to the amendment of these Bylaws, the text of the proposed amendment), the reasons for proposing to
conduct such business at the meeting and any material interest of such stockholder (and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made) in such business; 

(ii) a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any,
and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder; 

(iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made: 

a. the name and address of such stockholder and beneficial owner as they appear in the Corporations stockholder records;

5 

b. (1) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporations
capital stock which are directly or indirectly beneficially owned or owned of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (2) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or
conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of capital stock of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of capital
stock of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or otherwise (a Derivative Instrument) directly or indirectly
owned beneficially by such stockholder or beneficial owner and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (3) any proxy, contract,
arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder or beneficial owner has a right to vote any shares or any security of the Corporation, (4) any short interest of such stockholder or beneficial owner in any security
of the Corporation (for purposes of these Bylaws, a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity
to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (5) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such stockholder or beneficial owner that are separated or separable
from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (6) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership or limited liability Corporation in which
such stockholder or beneficial owner is a general partner or manager or directly or indirectly beneficially owns an interest in a general partner or manager, (7) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such stockholder
or beneficial owner is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of such
stockholders or beneficial owners immediate family sharing the same household, and (8) any other information relating to such stockholder or beneficial owner that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other
filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or the election of directors in a contested election, or is otherwise required, pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder (the foregoing items (1) through (8), individually or collectively, the Proposing Stockholder Information, which information shall be supplemented by such stockholder and beneficial owner, if
any, not later than 10 days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such ownership or other information as of the record date); 

c. a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of shares of the Corporation, is entitled to vote at the
meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business; and 

d. a representation as
to whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, is or intends to be part of a group which intends (1) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding
capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or (2) otherwise to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal. The meaning of the term group shall be within the meaning ascribed to such term under
Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. 

The proposed business must not be an improper subject for stockholder action under applicable law, and the
stockholder must comply with state law, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws. 

6 

SECTION 9. ORGANIZATION; CONDUCT OF STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS: (a) Each meeting of
stockholders shall be convened by the President, Secretary or other officer of the Corporation or other person calling the meeting by notice given in accordance with these Bylaws. The Chairperson of the Board, or any person appointed by the
Chairperson of the Board prior to any meeting of stockholders, shall act as chairperson of each meeting of stockholders. In the absence of the Chairperson of the Board, or a person appointed by the Chairperson of the Board to act as chairperson of
the meeting, the stockholders present at the meeting shall designate a stockholder or officer of the Corporation present to act as chairperson of the meeting. The Secretary of the Corporation, or a person designated by the chairperson, shall act as
secretary of each meeting of stockholders. Whenever the Secretary of the Corporation shall act as chairperson of the meeting, or shall be absent, the chairperson of the meeting shall appoint a person present to act as secretary of the meeting. 

(b) The Board shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate.
Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board, if any, the person presiding over the meeting shall have the right and authority to convene and adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as,
in the judgment of the person presiding over the meeting, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, adjournment or recess of the meeting, establishing an agenda or order of
business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation and their duly authorized and constituted
proxies and such other persons as the person presiding over the meeting shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants,
either by the person presiding over the meeting or by vote of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting, and regulation of the voting or balloting, as applicable, including, without limitation, matters which are to be voted on by
ballot, if any. The chairperson of the meeting shall have sole, absolute and complete authority and discretion to decide questions of compliance with the foregoing procedures and his or her ruling thereon shall be final and conclusive. The
chairperson of the meeting, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought
before the meeting and if the chairperson of the meeting should so determine and declare, any such matter or business shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chairperson of the meeting, meetings
of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in these Bylaws, unless otherwise required by law, if a stockholder (or qualified representative) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present business or a nomination proposed by such
stockholder pursuant to Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws or Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws, such proposed business shall not be transacted and such nomination shall be disregarded, as the case may be, even though proxies in
respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. In order to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder for purposes of Section 8 of Article I of these Bylaws or Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws, a
person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the
meeting of stockholders, and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. 

7 

ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

SECTION 1. ELECTION; TENURE; QUALIFICATIONS; NOMINATIONS: (a) The Board shall consist of not less than five nor more than twelve
members. The number of directors that shall constitute the Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively by resolutions adopted by a majority of the authorized number of directors constituting the Board of Directors. 

(b) At each annual meeting of stockholders commencing with the annual meeting of stockholders held in 2025, the successors to the directors
whose term expires at such annual meeting of stockholders shall be elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal.

(c) Subject to Section 1(g) in this Article II and in addition to the qualifications set out in Section 11 of Article II of
these Bylaws, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws shall be eligible as directors at a meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at an annual meeting
of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporations notice of the meeting (or any supplement thereto), (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder
of record of the Corporation at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws, and at the time of the annual meeting, who shall be entitled to vote for the election of directors at the annual
meeting and who shall have complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws; the foregoing clause (iii), subject to Section 1(g) in this Article II, shall be the exclusive means for a
stockholder to make nominations of persons for election to the Board at an annual meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected
pursuant to the notice of meeting (x) by or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof or (y) provided that the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is
a stockholder of record at the time the notice provided in this Section 1(c) of Article II of these Bylaws is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation, and at the time of the special meeting, who shall be entitled to vote at the special
meeting for the election of directors at the special meeting and who shall have complied with the notice provisions set forth in this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws; the foregoing clause (y), subject to Section 1(h) in this
Article II, shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations of persons for election to the Board at a special meeting of stockholders. 

Subject to Section 1(g) in this Article II, for any nominations by a stockholder to be properly brought before an annual or special meeting of
stockholders pursuant to clauses (c)(iii) and (c)(y) of the preceding paragraph of these Bylaws, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice in
writing must be delivered or mailed to and received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation (i) in the case of an annual meeting, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first
anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, provided, however, that in the event that the date of the meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be received not
earlier than the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement (as
defined in Section 8(c) of Article I of these Bylaws) of the date of the annual meeting is first made; or (ii) in the case of a special meeting at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the notice of meeting, not earlier than the
120th day prior to the date of such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the date of such special meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the
meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting is first made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of a meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the
giving of a stockholders notice as described above. 

8 

At the request of the Board, any person nominated by the Board for election as a director shall furnish to
the Secretary of the Corporation that information required to be set forth in a stockholders notice of nomination under Section 1(d) in this Article II which pertains to the nominee. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 1 of
Article II of these Bylaws to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is increased effective at the annual meeting and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming all of
the nominees proposed by the Board for the additional directorships at least 70 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, a stockholders notice required by this Section 1 of Article II of these
Bylaws also shall be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for such additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than the close
of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 

(d) For nominations to
be properly brought before an annual or special meeting, such stockholders notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election
as a director: 

(i) the name, age, business address and residence of such person; 

(ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person currently and for the previous five years; 

(iii) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and
understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships between or among such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, and their respective affiliates and associates or others
acting in concert therewith (on the one hand) and each proposed nominee and his or her respective affiliates and associates or others acting in concert therewith (on the other hand), including without limitation all information that would be
required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, if any, or any affiliate or associate
thereof or person acting in concert therewith, were the registrant for purposes of such requirement and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant; 

9 

(iv) such persons representation that he or she is eligible to serve
as a director pursuant to Section 11 of Article II of these Bylaws and whether such person has acted in any manner contrary to the best interest of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, the violation of any federal or state law or
breach of any agreement between that person and the Corporation relating to his or her services as a director, employee or agent of the Corporation; 

(v) such persons written consent to being named as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected; and 

(vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing
required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors in a contested election, or is otherwise required, pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

(e) Such stockholders notice also shall set forth as to the stockholder(s) giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose
behalf the nomination is made: 

(i) the name and address of such stockholder and beneficial owner, as they appear in the
Corporations stockholder records; 

(ii) the Proposing Stockholder Information as defined in Section 8(e) of
Article I of these Bylaws; 

(iii) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of shares of the
Corporation, is entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice; 

(iv) any other information relating to such stockholder or beneficial owner that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy
statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in a contested election, or is otherwise required pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder; and 

(v) a representation as to whether the stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, is or intends
to be part of a group (as defined in Section 8(e) of Article I of these Bylaws) which intends (i) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding capital stock
required to elect the nominee, or (ii) otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such nominee. 

10 

(f) In addition to the qualifications set out in Section 11 of Article II of these
Bylaws, to be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director of the Corporation, the prospective nominee (whether nominated by or at the direction of the Board or by a stockholder), or someone acting on such prospective
nominees behalf, must deliver (in accordance with any applicable time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws) to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of
the Corporation a written questionnaire providing such information with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made that would be required
to be disclosed to stockholders pursuant to applicable law or the rules and regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, including without limitation (i) all information concerning such person that would be required to be
disclosed in solicitation of proxies for election of directors pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act and (ii) any information the Corporation may reasonably request to determine the eligibility of the proposed
nominee to serve as an independent director under the rules of any exchange upon which shares of the Corporations capital stock are then listed or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the independence or
lack thereof of such nominee (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request). The prospective nominee also must provide a written representation and agreement, in the form provided by the Secretary of the Corporation
upon written request, that such prospective nominee: (A) is not and will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such
prospective nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or
interfere with such prospective nominees ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such prospective nominees fiduciary duties under applicable law; (B) is not and will not become a party to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with any person or entity (other than the Corporation) with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed
therein; and (C) would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with all applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the
Corporation. For purposes of this Section 1(f) of Article II of these Bylaws a nominee shall include any person being considered to fill a vacancy on the Board. 

(g) No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in
this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws and qualified under Section 11 of Article II of these Bylaws. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the chairperson of the meeting may, if the
facts warrant, determine that a nominee is not qualified or a nomination was not properly made in accordance with the procedures prescribed in this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws (including whether the stockholder or beneficial owner,
if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did not so solicit, as the case may be, proxies in support of such stockholders nominee in compliance with such stockholders
representation as required by clause (e)(v) of this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws); and if the chairperson should so determine, the chairperson shall so declare to the meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws, a stockholder also shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters
set forth in this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements
applicable to nominations to be considered pursuant to this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws (including clause (c) of this Section 1). Nothing in this Section 1 of Article II of these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any
rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock of the Corporation to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. 

11 

SECTION 2. POWERS: The Board shall have power to manage and control the property and
affairs of the Corporation, and to do all such lawful acts and things which, in its absolute judgment and discretion, it may deem necessary and appropriate for the expedient conduct and furtherance of the Corporations business. 

SECTION 3. CHAIRPERSON: The directors shall elect one of the members of the Board to be Chairperson of the Board. The Chairperson shall
preside at all meetings of the Board, unless absent from such meeting, in which case, if there is a quorum, the directors present may elect another director to preside at such meeting. 

SECTION 4. MEETINGS: (a) Regular meetings of the Board shall be held on such days and at such times and places either within or
without the State of Delaware as shall from time to time be fixed by the Board. Notice of such regular meetings need not be given. Special meetings of the Board may be held on any day and at any time and place, within or without the State of
Delaware, upon the call of the Chairperson of the Board or the President or Secretary of the Corporation, by oral, written or email notice duly given, sent or mailed to each director, at such directors last known address, not less than
twenty-four hours before such meeting; provided, however, that any director may, at any time, in writing or by email, waive notice of any meeting at which he or she may not be or may not have been present. Attendance of a director at
any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of the meeting, except where a director attends a meeting for the sole and express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.
Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any meeting of the Board need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. Rules of procedure for the conduct of such meetings may be adopted by resolution of the
Board. 

(b) Members of the Board or of any committee designated by the Board may participate in a meeting of the Board or committee by
means of conference telephone or other communications equipment whereby all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting in this manner shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

SECTION 5. ACTION BY CONSENT: Unless otherwise specifically prohibited by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action
required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, execute a consent thereto in writing, or by electronic
transmission, setting forth the action so taken. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are
maintained. 

SECTION 6. QUORUM: A majority of the directors then in office shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the Board
(provided that in no event shall less than one-third of the entire Board constitute a quorum), and the act of the majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be
the act of the Board, unless a greater number of directors is required by the Certificate of Incorporation, by these Bylaws or by law. At any meeting of directors, whether or not a quorum is present, the directors present thereat may adjourn the
same from time to time without notice other than announcement at the meeting. 

12 

SECTION 7. RESIGNATION OF DIRECTORS: Any director of the Corporation may resign at any
time by giving notice of such resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board, the Chairperson of the Board or the President or Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or,
if no time is specified, upon receipt thereof by the Board, the Chairperson of the Board or one of the above-named officers of the Corporation; and, unless specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it
effective. 

SECTION 8. VACANCIES: Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any class of capital stock of the Corporation
(other than the Common Stock) then outstanding, any vacancies in the Board which occur for any reason prior to the expiration of a directors term of office, and any newly created directorships by reason of an increase in the number of
directors, may be filled only by the Board, acting by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office (even if less than a quorum), or by a sole remaining director. 

SECTION 9. COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS: The Board may, by resolution passed by a majority of the entire Board, fix the terms and amount of
compensation payable to any person for his or her services as director, if he or she is not otherwise compensated for services rendered as an officer or employee of the Corporation; provided, however, that any director may be
reimbursed for reasonable and necessary expenses of attending meetings of the Board, or otherwise incurred for any Corporation purpose; and provided, further, that members of any special or standing committee of directors also may be
allowed compensation and expenses similarly incurred. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 

SECTION 10. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: The Board (i) may, by resolution passed by a majority of the entire Board,
designate two or more directors to constitute an Executive Committee of the Board which shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have and exercise all of the authority of the Board in the management of the Corporation, in the intervals between
meetings of the Board, (ii) may appoint any other committee or committees, with such members, functions and powers as the Board may designate, and (iii) shall have the power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the size or
membership of, or to dissolve, any one or more of such committees. Each such committee shall have such name as may be determined by the Board and shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings and report the same to the Board for approval as
required. At all meetings of a committee, a majority of the committee members then in office shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of transacting business, and the acts of a majority of the committee members present at any meeting at which there
is a quorum shall be the acts of the committee. A director who may be disqualified, by reason of personal interest, from voting on any particular matter before a meeting of a committee may nevertheless be counted for the purpose of constituting a
quorum of the committee. Any action which is required to be or may be taken at a meeting of a committee of directors may be taken without a meeting if consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, are signed, including signing by
electronic transmission, by all of the members of the committee. 

13 

SECTION 11. QUALIFICATIONS: A director shall not be eligible for reelection after his
or her 72nd birthday, unless the Board or the applicable committee of the Board determines that such director continues to meet the criteria for Board service and, in the case such determination is made by such committee of the Board, recommends to
the Board that he or she stand for reelection notwithstanding his or her age. 

ARTICLE III OFFICERS 

SECTION 1. OFFICERS; ELECTION: The officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a President and a Secretary, each of
whom shall be elected by the Board. The Board may from time to time elect and appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries of the Board and one or more Vice Chairpersons of the Board. In addition, the President may from time to time elect and appoint
the other officers of the Corporation, including one or more Executive Vice Presidents, one or more Senior Vice Presidents, a Controller, a Treasurer and such other officers as the President may deem appropriate. Any two or more offices may be held
by the same person except the offices of Chairperson of the Board and Secretary. 

SECTION 2. TERMS: All officers of the Corporation
shall hold their respective offices until their death, resignation or removal. 

SECTION 3. POWERS; DUTIES: Each officer of the
Corporation shall have such powers and duties as may be prescribed by resolution of the Board or as may be assigned by the Board or the President of the Corporation. 

SECTION 4. REMOVAL: Any officer or agent may be removed by the person or persons, which shall include the Board where applicable, that
have authority to appoint such officer or agent, with or without cause, whenever in such persons or persons judgment, as applicable, the best interest of the Corporation will be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice
to the contract rights, if any, of the officer or agent so removed. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the person or persons, which shall include the Board where applicable, that have authority to appoint such
officer. 

ARTICLE IV CAPITAL STOCK 

SECTION 1. STOCK CERTIFICATES AND UNCERTIFICATED SHARES: (a) The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates;
provided, however, that the Board may provide by resolution that some or all of any classes or series of the Corporations capital stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by
a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate, in any form approved by the Board, signed by any two authorized officers of the
Corporation (it being understood that the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer and any Assistant Treasurer shall be an authorized officer for
such purpose) and any or all signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. 

(b) All certificates of stock of each class and series shall
be numbered appropriately. 

14 

SECTION 2. RECORD OWNERSHIP: The Corporation shall maintain a record of the name and
address of the holder of each share of Corporation capital stock, the number of shares held by such holder thereby, and the date of issue thereof. The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of capital stock as the
holder in fact thereof, and accordingly it will not be bound to recognize any legal, equitable or other claim of interest in such share on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as
otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware. 

SECTION 3. TRANSFERS: Transfers of shares of capital stock shall be made on
the books of the Corporation only by direction of the holder thereof in person or by his, her or its duly authorized attorney or legal representative. Upon transfer of certificated shares, the old certificates shall be surrendered to the Corporation
by the delivery thereof to the person in charge of the capital stock and transfer books and ledgers, or to such other persons as the Board may designate, by whom they shall be cancelled and new certificates shall thereupon be issued. In the case of
uncertificated shares, transfer shall be made only upon receipt of transfer documentation reasonably acceptable to the Corporation. 

SECTION 4. TRANSFER AGENTS; REGISTRARS: The Board shall, by resolution, from time to time appoint one or more transfer agents, that may
be officers or employees of the Corporation, to make transfers of shares of capital stock of the Corporation and one or more registrars to register shares of capital stock issued by or on behalf of the Corporation. The Board may adopt such rules as
it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of shares of capital stock of the Corporation. 

SECTION 5. LOST
CERTIFICATES: The Corporation may issue a new certificate in place of any certificate theretofore issued by it which is alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and the Board may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate
or the owners legal representative to give the Corporation a bond in a sum and in a form approved by the Board, and with a surety or sureties which the Board finds satisfactory, to indemnify the Corporation and its transfer agents and
registrars, if any, against any claim or liability that may be asserted against or incurred by it or any transfer agent or registrar on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any certificate or the issuance of any new certificate. A
new certificate may be issued without requiring any bond when, in the judgment of the Board, it is proper to do so. The Board may delegate to any officer or officers of the Corporation any of the powers and authorities contained in this section.

SECTION 6. RECORD DATES: In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any
meeting of the stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall not be more
than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall be at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote
at a meeting of the stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at the adjourned
meeting. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change,
conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be
not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating to the action
taken. 

15 

ARTICLE V SEAL, BOOKS, FISCAL YEAR, AMENDMENT 

SECTION 1. SEAL: The corporate seal, if any, of the Corporation shall be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board.
The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 

SECTION 2.
PLACE FOR KEEPING BOOKS AND SEAL: The books of the Corporation, and its corporate minutes and corporate seal, shall be kept in the custody of the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation, or at such other
place or places and in the custody of such other person or persons as the Board may from time to time determine. 

SECTION 3. NOTICES:
(a) Whenever, under the provisions of applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, written notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it shall not be construed to require personal notice, but such notice
may be given by mail, by depositing the same in the post office or in a letter box, in a postage paid sealed wrapper, addressed to such director or stockholder at such address as appears on the books of the Corporation, and such notice shall be
deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be thus mailed, or may be given by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the extent authorized or allowed by law. 

(b) Any person may waive any notice required to be given under these Bylaws. Whenever notice is required to be given pursuant to the General
Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by facsimile or other electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after
the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting of stockholders or the Board or a committee thereof shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the stockholder or director
attends such meeting for the express purpose of objecting, and such stockholder or director objects at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to
be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders or the Board or committee thereof need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the
Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. 

SECTION 4. FISCAL YEAR: The fiscal year of the Corporation shall commence with the
first day of October in each year. 

16 

SECTION 5. AMENDMENT: The Board may amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of
these Bylaws. The stockholders of the Corporation also may amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of these Bylaws upon the affirmative vote of a majority of all of the voting power of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon. 

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>brbr-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>brbr-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>brbr-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g925487g0131123833935.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001772016

Current Fiscal Year End Date --09-30

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Entity Registrant Name BellRing Brands, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39093

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3296749

Entity Address, Address Line One 2503 S. Hanley Road

Entity Address, City or Town St. Louis

Entity Address, State or Province MO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 63144

City Area Code (314)

Local Phone Number 644-7600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol BRBR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.bellring.com//20250128/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

brbr-20250128.xsd 
brbr-20250128_lab.xml 
brbr-20250128_pre.xml 
d925487d8k.htm 

g925487g0131123833935.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-018382-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d925487d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001772016 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

false 
0001772016 
--09-30 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
BellRing Brands, Inc. 
DE 
001-39093 
87-3296749 
2503 S. Hanley Road 
St. Louis 
MO 
63144 
(314) 
644-7600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
BRBR 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>