<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-000330.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-000330.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324170015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-000330
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250322
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AST SpaceMobile, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001780312
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39040
		FILM NUMBER:		25764923

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MIDLAND INTL. AIR & SPACE PORT
		STREET 2:		2901 ENTERPRISE LANE
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79706
		BUSINESS PHONE:		432-276-3966

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MIDLAND INTL. AIR & SPACE PORT
		STREET 2:		2901 ENTERPRISE LANE
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79706

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Providence Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190620
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000178031200017803122025-03-222025-03-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 22,
2025

AST
SpaceMobile, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39040 84-2027232

(State
or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
Employer

of
Incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

Midland
International Air & Space Port

2901
Enterprise Lane

Midland,
Texas 79706

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (432)276-3966

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange

on which registered

Class
A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ASTS Nasdaq
Global Select Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As
previously announced, on January 5, 2025, AST & Science, LLC (AST, LLC), a subsidiary of AST SpaceMobile, Inc.
(the Company), entered into a binding agreement (the Strategic Collaboration Term Sheet) with
Ligado Networks LLC (Ligado LLC) under which the Company will receive long-term access to up to 45 MHz of lower
mid-band spectrum in the United States and Canada for direct-to-device satellite applications. The transactions contemplated by this
agreement, when consummated, will add additional capabilities to the Companys technology and space-based network, based on the
largest-ever communications arrays deployed in low Earth orbit, pairing existing plans for the continental United States on low-band
spectrum, which offers superior penetration and coverage characteristics, with access to up to 45 MHz of lower mid-band spectrum, the
largest available block of high-quality nationwide spectrum in the United States.

The
Strategic Collaboration Term Sheet was entered into as part of the restructuring of Ligado LLC, which together with certain of its direct
and indirect subsidiaries (together with Ligado LLC, Ligado) filed voluntary petitions for relief (the Bankruptcy
Filing) under Chapter 11 of United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware
(the Bankruptcy Court) on January 5, 2025. The transactions contemplated in the Strategic Collaboration Term Sheet
(collectively, the AST Transaction) are subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court, which approval should shortly
precede confirmation of a pre-arranged chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the Plan).

Pursuant
to the Strategic Collaboration Term Sheet, on March 22, 2025, (1) the Company, AST, LLC, Spectrum USA I, LLC, a subsidiary of AST, LLC
(SpectrumCo), and Ligado LLC entered into a Framework Agreement (the Framework
Agreement), (2) SpectrumCo and Ligado LLC entered into a Strategic Collaboration and Spectrum Usage Agreement (the Collaboration
Agreement), (3) AST, LLC and One Dot Six LLC entered into a Spectrum Usage Rights Agreement (the Usage
Rights Agreement), (4) the Company, CerberusCapital
Management, L.P. (Cerberus), and Fortress Credit Advisors LLC (Fortress)
entered into a Side Letter Agreement (Governance Side Letter) and (5) the
Company issued approximately 4.7 million warrants exercisable for shares of the Companys Class A common stock (the Warrant,
and together with the Framework Agreement, Collaboration Agreement, Usage Rights Agreement and Governance Side Letter, collectively,
the Definitive Agreements).

Pursuant
to the Collaboration Agreement, among other things, Ligado LLC will provide to SpectrumCo the right to use its satellites, ground station
assets and L-band spectrum, including substantially all of the capacity on SkyTerra-1 and, in exchange, SpectrumCo will pay to Ligado
LLC (1) at least $80 million annual payments in cash for use of the L-band spectrum; provided, that any portion of such amount in excess
of the amount owed by Ligado to utilize the L-band spectrum may be paid in equity of the Company rather than cash for three years after
closing; provided, further, that such usage-right consideration amount covers 100% of amounts due from Ligado to utilize the L-band spectrum
and (2) certain revenue share payments derived from the usage of the L-band spectrum and from North American operations, in each case
until the earlier of (x) December 31, 2035 (which can be renewed to December 31, 2107 at SpectrumCos election) or (y) the termination
of the Collaboration Agreement.

Pursuant
to the Framework Agreement, among other things, in consideration of the rights granted to the SpectrumCo under the Collaboration Agreement,
the Company will pay to Ligado LLC: (1) $350 million in cash and (2) at the Companys option, $200 million either in cash, convertible
notes on market terms or a combination of the foregoing, in each case payable at the time specified in the Framework Agreement and on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. The Framework Agreement also includes a break-up fee payable to the Company
in the event that the Framework Agreement is terminated by the Company if the resolution of certain Ligado litigation materially adversely
impacts the use of L-band spectrum by SpectrumCo.

2

In
addition, pursuant to the Usage Rights Agreement, (1) AST, LLC will have access tospectrum under the Master Agreement (1670-1675 MHz Spectrum),
dated as of July 16, 2007, by and among Crown Castle MM Holding LLC, OP LLC and TVCC One Six Holdings LLC (succeeded by One Dot Six LLC),
as amended on December 2, 2022 and the Amended and Restated Long-Term De Facto Transfer Lease Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2022,
by and between OP, LLC and One Dot Six LLC (collectively, the CCI Agreement)
for space to ground use on a preemptable basis, and, in exchange, (2) AST, LLC will pay an annual
usage feeamount due in cash plus a 30% premium
with respect to each such payment payable in Class A common stock of the Company. For seven years after the execution of the Usage Rights
Agreement, AST, LLC will have the right to exercise an option to purchase spectrum under the CCI Agreement, so long as AST, LLC pays
Ligado the purchase price with respect to such option plus a premium of 30% with respect to such purchase price payable in Class A common
stock of the Company.

Pursuant
to the Governance Side Letter, the Company will grant Cerberus and Fortress observer rights on the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board) and the Network and Spectrum Planning Committee of the Board.

The
Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase from the Company up to a total of approximately 4.7 million shares, subject to certain
adjustment on the terms and subject to conditions of the Warrant, of the Companys Class A common stock at an exercise price per
share equal to $0.01 per share, subject to a 12-month lock-up.

Ligado
will retain ownership and ultimate control of its spectrum licenses, space station and ground station assets, subject to certain management
and information rights granted to AST, LLC, but the parties agreed to negotiate terms for the transfer of licenses, space station and
ground station assets to AST, LLC on resolution of certain Ligado litigation. The use of Ligados satellite capacity is currently
subject to certain existing commercial agreements with third parties and AST, LLCs use of such capacity is conditioned on the
parties obtaining necessary amendment or termination of such agreements.

The
above description of the Definitive Agreements has been included to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Definitive
Agreements. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, AST, LLC, Ligado or their respective subsidiaries
or affiliates.

The
foregoing description of the Definitive Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the (1) Framework Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, (2) Collaboration Agreement, a copy
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2, (3) Usage Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3,
(4) Governance Side Letter, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.4, and (5) Warrant, a copy of which is attached hereto
as Exhibit 10.5, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement relating to the Warrant and the Framework
Agreement is incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. The Company has issued the Warrant in reliance on the exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), provided by Section 4(a)(2)
thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. Neither the Warrant nor the shares of the Companys Class A common stock
issuable thereunder have been registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The foregoing
description of the Warrant does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Warrant,
which has been filed as Exhibit 10.5 hereof and is incorporated by reference herein.

3

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Framework Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2025, by and between Ligado Networks LLC, AST SpaceMobile, Inc., AST & Sciences, LLC and Spectrum USA I, LLC*

10.2 Strategic Collaboration and Spectrum Usage Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2025, by and between Ligado Networks LLC and AST & Sciences, LLC* +

10.3 Spectrum Usage Rights Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2025, by and between One Dot Six LLC and AST & Sciences, LLC* +

10.4 Side Letter Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2025, by and between AST SpaceMobile, Inc., Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. and Fortress Credit Advisors LLC

10.5 Pre-Funded Warrant, dated as of March 22, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*
Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally
to the SEC a copy of any omitted schedule (or similar attachment) on request by the SEC.

+
Certain portions of this exhibit marked with [***] have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The
registrant agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC an unredacted copy of any exhibit (or similar attachment) on request by the SEC.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
communication contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results of the Company to differ materially from those expected and projected. These forward-looking statements can
be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates,
expects, intends, plans, may, will, would, potential,
projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or
other variations or comparable terminology.

These
forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from
the expected results. Most of these factors are outside the Companys control and are difficult to predict.

Factors
that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (i) expectations regarding the Companys strategies and future
financial performance, including the Companys future business plans or objectives, expected functionality of the SpaceMobile Service,
anticipated timing of the launch of the Block 2 Bluebird satellites, anticipated demand and acceptance of mobile satellite services,
prospective performance and commercial opportunities and competitors, the timing of obtaining regulatory approvals, ability to finance
its research and development activities, commercial partnership acquisition and retention, products and services, pricing, marketing
plans, operating expenses, market trends, revenues, liquidity, cash flows and uses of cash, capital expenditures, and the Companys
ability to invest in growth initiatives; (ii) the negotiation and execution of definitive agreements with mobile network operators relating
to the SpaceMobile Service that would supersede preliminary agreements and memoranda of understanding and the ability to enter into commercial
agreements with other parties or government entities; (iii) the ability of the Company to grow and manage growth profitably and retain
its key employees and the Companys responses to actions of its competitors and its ability to effectively compete; (iv) changes
in applicable laws or regulations; (v) the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or
competitive factors; (vi) the outcome of any legal proceedings involving the Company or Ligado, including any bankruptcy proceedings;
and (vii) other risks and uncertainties indicated in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including
those in the Risk Factors section of the Companys Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2025.

4

No
assurance can be provided that the AST Transaction will be consummated or that the financing necessary to consummate the AST Transaction
will be obtained. The AST Transaction is subject to a number of conditions, including the satisfaction of the closing conditions specified
in the definitive documentation for the AST Transaction. In addition, Ligados ongoing bankruptcy proceedings present risks that
the AST Transaction will not be consummated, including the risk that the AST Transaction will be abandoned before definitive documentation
is approved by the bankruptcy court. There are also risks related to the Companys ability to raise the capital necessary to pay
Ligado pursuant to the Framework Agreement; any such financing would be subject to market conditions, any such equity financing could
result in increased dilution to holders of the Companys Class A common stock and any debt financing could impose operating restrictions
on the Companys business and require the Company to devote increasing amounts of cash to debt service. Moreover, even if the AST
Transaction is consummated, the benefits of the AST Transaction will be subject to integration, technology and regulatory risks, as well
as the risks to the Company referenced in the preceding paragraph.

The
Company cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors in the Companys
Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2025. The Companys securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SECs
website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

5

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
March 24, 2025 AST
SPACEMOBILE, INC.

By: /s/
Andrew M. Johnson

Name: Andrew
M. Johnson

Title:
Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT

by and among

AST SPACEMOBILE, INC.,

AST & SCIENCE, LLC,

SPECTRUM USA I, LLC

and

LIGADO NETWORKS LLC

Dated as of March 22, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE
I DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATIONS 2

1.1 Certain
Definitions 2

1.2 Additional
Definitions 6

1.3 Certain
Interpretations 7

ARTICLE
II AST PAYMENTS 8

2.1 Warrant 8

2.2 Deferred
Usage Obligation 9

ARTICLE
III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF LIGADO 10

3.1 Organization
and Qualification 10

3.2 Corporate
Power; Enforceability 10

3.3 Consents
and Approvals; No Violation 11

3.4 Investment
Decision 11

3.5 No
Other Representations or Warranties 12

ARTICLE
IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT GROUP 12

4.1 Organization
and Qualification 12

4.2 Corporate
Power; Enforceability 13

4.3 Consents
and Approvals; No Violation 13

4.4 No
Other Representations or Warranties 14

ARTICLE
V COVENANTS 14

5.1 Efforts 14

5.2 Public
Statements 16

5.3 Certain
Litigation 16

5.4 Notice
of Certain Events 17

5.5 Backstop
Commitment 17

5.6 Viasat
Payment 18

ARTICLE
VI CONDITIONS TO THE DUO PAYMENTS OR THE CATCH-UP DUO PAYMENTS (AS APPLICABLE) 18

6.1 Conditions
to the Obligations of the Parent Group 18

ARTICLE
VII TERMINATION 19

7.1 Termination 19

7.2 Effect
of Termination 20

7.3 Fees
and Expenses 20

ARTICLE
VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS 22

8.1 Amendment 22

8.2 Extension;
Waiver 22

8.3 Notices 22

8.4 Assignment 23

8.5 Confidentiality 24

8.6 Entire
Agreement 24

8.7 Third
Party Beneficiaries 24

8.8 Severability 24

8.9 Remedies;
Dispute Resolution 24

8.10 Governing
Law 25

8.11 Consent
to Jurisdiction 26

8.12 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL 26

8.13 Counterparts 26

8.14 AST
Parent Indemnity 26

Schedules

Schedule
1 Dispute
Resolutions Representatives

Exhibits

Exhibit
A Restructuring
Support Agreement

Exhibit
B Strategic
Collaboration and Spectrum Usage Agreement

Exhibit
C CCI
Agreement

Exhibit
D Governance
Letter Agreement

Exhibit
E Pre-Funded
Warrant to Purchase Common Stock

Exhibit
F Convertible
Note Term Sheet

-ii-

FRAMEWORK
AGREEMENT

THIS
FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 22, 2025 by and among AST SpaceMobile,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (AST Parent), AST & Science, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly
owned Subsidiary of AST Parent (AST), Spectrum USA I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned
subsidiary of AST (SpectrumCo, and together with AST Parent and AST, the Parent Group) and
Ligado Networks LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Ligado).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS,
on January 5, 2025, Ligado and certain of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Debtors) each commenced a voluntary
case under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq. (the Bankruptcy Code)
in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court);

WHEREAS,
the Debtors continue to operate their respective businesses as debtors-in-possession under Sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy
Code;

WHEREAS,
the Debtors, the Consenting Stakeholders (as defined in the RSA) and AST have entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as
of January 5, 2025 (the RSA), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the RSA, the parties thereto have agreed to support and consummate a commercial transaction between the Debtors and AST (the
AST Transaction) and a restructuring of the Debtors capital structure, to be implemented pursuant to a prearranged
Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms of the RSA, the Plan);

WHEREAS,
the terms and conditions of the AST Transaction shall be governed by this Agreement and the other AST Definitive Agreements (as defined
below);

WHEREAS,
the (a) board of directors of AST Parent has unanimously approved the execution and delivery by AST Parent of this Agreement, the performance
by AST Parent of its covenants and agreements contained herein and the consummation by AST Parent of the transactions contemplated hereby
on the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, (b) the managing member of AST has approved the execution and delivery by
AST of this Agreement, the performance by AST of its covenants and agreements contained herein and the consummation by AST of the transactions
contemplated hereby on the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein and (c) the sole, managing member of SpectrumCo has approved
the execution and delivery by SpectrumCo of this Agreement, the performance by SpectrumCo of its covenants and agreements contained herein
and the consummation by SpectrumCo of the transactions contemplated hereby on the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein;

WHEREAS,
the board of managers of Ligado has unanimously approved the execution and delivery by Ligado of this Agreement, the performance by Ligado
of its covenants and agreements contained herein and the consummation by Ligado of the transactions contemplated hereby on the terms
and subject to the conditions contained herein;

WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, SpectrumCo and Ligado are entering into the Strategic Collaboration and
Spectrum Usage Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Collaboration Agreement) and AST and Ligado are
entering into the Spectrum Usage Rights Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C (the CCI Agreement);

WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, AST Parent, Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. and Fortress Credit Advisors
LLC are entering into the Governance Letter Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Governance Letter Agreement);
and

WHEREAS,
AST Parent, AST, SpectrumCo and Ligado desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with
this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, as well
as other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and accepted, and intending to
be legally bound hereby, AST Parent, AST, SpectrumCo and Ligado hereby agree as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS
& INTERPRETATIONS

1.1
Certain Definitions. For all purposes of and under this Agreement, the following
capitalized terms shall have the following respective meanings:

Adverse
Impact Determination has the meaning set forth in the Collaboration Agreement.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control
with such Person. For purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, the term control (including, with correlative meanings,
the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with), as used with respect to
any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by Contract or otherwise.

Approval
Condition means the occurrence of all of the following:

(a)
Ligado has duly submitted each NGSO Regulatory Application requested by AST within six months after the date hereof;

(b)
Ligado and AST have obtained the NGSO Regulatory Approvals within 24 months after submission of the FCC NGSO Regulatory Applications;
and

(c)
during the nine-month period following receipt of the FCC NGSO Regulatory Approvals, no United States Law has been enacted that prohibits
or materially adversely impacts ASTs use of the Ligado L-Band MSS Spectrum at the necessary power levels for operation of the
AST NGSO System, as further detailed in Exhibit 4 (Power Levels for AST NGSO System) of the Collaboration Agreement.

-2-

Approval
Condition Failure has the meaning set forth in the Collaboration Agreement.

AST
Definitive Agreements means this Agreement, the Collaboration Agreement, the CCI Agreement, the Warrant, the Governance Letter
Agreement and, if issued, the DUO Note.

AST
Definitive Agreements Order has the meaning set forth in the RSA.

AST
Legal Proceeding means any Legal Proceeding relating to the AST Transaction in which AST or AST Parent is a named party or
has been formally served with notice thereof.

AST
NGSO System has the meaning set forth in the Collaboration Agreement.

Business
Day means a day, except a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which any of the SEC, commercial banks in New York, New York
or the Department of State of Delaware are not open for the general transaction of business.

Consent
means any approval, consent, license, ratification, permission, waiver, order or similar authorization (including from any Governmental
Authority), including the expiration or termination of any waiting period pursuant to any Law.

Contract
means, whether written or oral, any legally binding contract, subcontract, agreement, obligation, commitment, license, sublicense, note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, franchise, lease, sublease, loan, credit agreement, guarantee or other similar arrangement
or instrument.

Effective
Date has the meaning set forth in the Collaboration Agreement.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

FCC
shall mean the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, and any successor agency of the U.S. government exercising substantially equivalent
powers.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles, as applied in the United States and in effect from time to time.

Governmental
Authority means (a) any government, (b) any governmental or regulatory entity, body, department, commission, subdivision,
board, agency or instrumentality or similar authority or office, (c) any court, tribunal, judicial body, arbitrator, arbitration panel
or binding mediator or similar authority and (d) any non-governmental self-regulatory agency, securities exchange, commission or similar
authority, in each of the preceding clauses (a) through (d), whether multinational, supranational, national, federal, state,
county, municipal, provincial, and whether local, domestic or foreign.

-3-

Law
means any applicable law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, ruling or other legal requirement
or similar provision having the force or effect of law issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect
by, or under the authority of, any Governmental Authority, including all Orders.

Legal
Proceeding means any (a) civil, criminal or administrative (whether at law or equity) actions, claims, disputes, demands,
examinations, hearings, inquiries, investigations or suits and (b) litigations, arbitrations, mediations or other similar proceedings,
in each of the preceding clauses (a) and (b), by, before or involving any Governmental Authority.

Liabilities
means any liability, obligation or commitment of any kind (whether accrued, unaccrued, absolute, contingent, liquidated, unliquidated,
matured, unmatured, known, unknown, asserted, unasserted, determined, determinable or otherwise and whether or not required to be recorded
or reflected on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP).

Lien
means any lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, mortgage, deed of trust, security interest, license, sub-license, encumbrance, easement,
right of way or other restriction of similar nature (including any restriction on the transfer of any security or other asset, or any
restriction on the possession, use, exercise or transfer of any other attribute of ownership of any asset).

Ligado
L-Band MSS Spectrum has the meaning set forth in the Collaboration Agreement.

Ligado
Legal Proceeding means any Legal Proceeding relating to the Ligado L-Band MSS Spectrum or the AST Transaction in which Ligado
is a named party or has been formally served with notice thereof.

NASDAQ
means The Nasdaq Global Select Market.

NGSO
Regulatory Application has the meaning set forth in the Collaboration Agreement.

NGSO
Regulatory Approvals has the meaning set forth in the Collaboration Agreement.

Order
means any judgment, award, decision, decree, injunction, ruling, writ, assessment, stipulation, determination or similar order of any
Governmental Authority (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is binding on any Person or its property or assets under Law.

Payment
Condition means the occurrence of all of the following:

(a)
Ligado shall be required by an order of the Bankruptcy Court to pay to Viasat all or any portion of the aggregate quarterly fees that
Ligado must pay to Viasat under the Viasat Cooperation Agreement for a given year due and payable by Ligado pursuant to the Viasat Cooperation
Agreement prior to and as of January 5, 2025 (such order, the Viasat Order and such payment, the Viasat
Payment);

-4-

(b)
Ligado shall have provided to AST Parent with at least seven (7) Business Days notice that the condition set forth in clause (a)
has been satisfied; and

(c)
AST shall have received the Backstop Commitment (as defined below).

Permit
means franchises, grants, authorizations, registrations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exceptions, Consents, certificates,
accreditations, clearances and other similar approvals and Orders, in each case, of any Governmental Authority.

Person
means any individual, corporation (including any non-profit corporation), general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability
partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any limited liability company or joint stock company), firm or other similar
enterprise, association, organization, entity or Governmental Authority.

Plan
Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the RSA.

Representative
means with respect to any Person, its directors, managers, officers or other employees, Affiliates,
or any investment banker, attorney or other agent or representative retained by, or on behalf of, such Person.

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

SEC
Report means all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents (including exhibits and all other information incorporated
therein) required to be filed or furnished by AST Parent with the SEC.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933.

Subsidiary
of any Person means (a) a corporation more than 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting stock of which is owned, directly
or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries
thereof, (b) a partnership of which such Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or such Person and one or more other
Subsidiaries thereof, directly or indirectly, is the general partner or has the power to direct the policies, management and affairs
of such partnership, (c) a limited liability company of which such Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or such Person
and one or more other Subsidiaries thereof, directly or indirectly, is the sole member, managing member or manager or has the power to
direct the policies, management and affairs of such company or (d) any other Person (other than a corporation, partnership or limited
liability company) in which such Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries
thereof, directly or indirectly, has at least a majority ownership or power to direct the policies, management and affairs thereof.

Takings
Litigation means Ligado Networks LLC v. USA, Docket No. 1:23-cv-01797 (Fed. Cl. Oct 12, 2023).

-5-

Takings
Litigation Proceeds means any cash proceeds actually received by Ligado and its Affiliates in
connection with the Takings Litigation (including any settlement thereof).

Usage
Rights Payments has the meaning set forth in the Collaboration Agreement.

Viasat
means Viasat, Inc., Inmarsat Global Limited or any of their respective controlled Affiliates.

Viasat
Cooperation Agreement means the Amended and Restated Cooperation Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2010, by and among LightSquared
LP, SkyTerra (Canada) Inc., LightSquared Inc. and Inmarsat Global Limited, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated April 25, 2011, Amendment
No. 2, dated April 18, 2012, Amendment No. 3, dated May 4, 2016, Amendment No. 4, dated January 27, 2017, Amendment No. 5, dated June
30, 2020, Amendment No. 6, dated October 1, 2020, Amendment No. 7, dated December 23, 2022, Amendment No. 8, dated March 31, 2023, Amendment
No. 9, dated June 15, 2023, Amendment No. 10, dated September 21, 2023, Amendment No. 11, dated October 20, 2023, Amendment No. 12, dated
November 9, 2023, Amendment No. 13, dated January 10, 2024, Amendment No. 14, dated May 24, 2024, Amendment No. 15, dated September 5,
2024, Amendment No. 16, dated September 12, 2024, Amendment No. 17, dated October 10, 2024, Amendment No. 18, dated November 13, 2024,
Amendment No. 19, dated November 22, 2024, Amendment No. 20 dated December 20, 2024, and Amendment No. 21 dated December 26, 2024.

1.2
Additional Definitions. The following capitalized terms shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the respective
sections of this Agreement set forth opposite each of the capitalized terms below:

Term Section

Agreement Preamble

Applicable
Response Deadline 5.2

AST Preamble

AST
Parent Preamble

AST
Transaction Recitals

Backstop
Commitment 5.5

Backstop
Financing 5.5

Bankruptcy
Code Recitals

Bankruptcy
Court Recitals

Break-Up
Fee 7.3(b)

Catch
Up DUO Payment 2.2(b)

Catch
Up DUO Payment Date 2.2(b)

CCI
Agreement Recitals

Chosen
Courts 8.11

Collaboration
Agreement Recitals

Confidentiality
Agreement 2.2(a)(ii)

Debtors Recitals

Dispute
Party 8.9(c)

DUO
Note 2.2(a)(ii)

DUO
Payment Date 2.2(a)

DUO
Payments 2.2(a)

Enforceability
Exceptions 3.2(b)

Financing
Sources 5.5

Governance
Letter Agreement Recitals

Indemnitee 8.14

Ligado Preamble

Parent
Common Stock 2.1

Parent
Group Preamble

Plan Recitals

Refund
Amount 5.5(c)

RSA Recitals

SpectrumCo Preamble

Warrant 2.1

-6-

1.3
Certain Interpretations.

(a)
Unless otherwise indicated, the words include, includes and including, when used herein, shall
be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation.

(b)
All references herein to the Subsidiaries of a Person shall be deemed to include all direct and indirect Subsidiaries of such Person
unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires.

(c)
Unless otherwise indicated, all references herein to Articles, Sections, Annexes, Exhibits or Schedules, shall be deemed to refer to
Articles, Sections, Annexes, Exhibits or Schedules of or to this Agreement, as applicable, and all references herein to paragraphs
or clauses shall be deemed references to separate paragraphs or clauses of the section or subsection in which the reference
occurs. The words hereof, herein, hereby, herewith, hereunder and
words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular
provision of this Agreement.

(d)
If a term is defined as one part of speech (such as a noun), it shall have a corresponding meaning when used as another part of speech
(such as a verb).

(e)
Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms,
and the singular form of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural, and vice versa.

(f)
When used herein, the word extent and the phrase to the extent mean the degree to which a subject or other
thing extends, and such word or phrase shall not simply mean if.

(g)
The table of contents and headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and shall not affect or
be deemed to affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision hereof.

(h)
References to $ and dollars are to the currency of the United States.

-7-

(i)
Any dollar or percentage thresholds set forth herein shall not be used as a benchmark for the determination of what is or is not material
or a material adverse effect under this Agreement.

(j)
Writing, written and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including
electronic media) in a visible form in English.

(k)
Except as otherwise specified, (i) references to any statute shall be deemed to refer to such statute as amended from time to time and
to any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, (ii) references to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that
Person and (iii) references from or through any date mean from and including or through and including, respectively.

(l)
Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified. Whenever
any action must be taken hereunder on or by a day that is not a Business Day, then such action may be validly taken on or by the next
day that is a Business Day. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, when calculating the period of time within which, or following
which, any action is to be taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference day in calculating such period shall be excluded.

(m)
The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore,
waive the application of any Law, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document shall
be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document.

(n)
The word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive.

(o)
Accounting terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms under GAAP.

Article
II

AST
PAYMENTS

2.1
Warrant. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, AST
Parent is issuing to Ligado that certain pre-funded warrant to purchase up to 4,714,226 shares of Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value
per share, of AST Parent (Parent Common Stock) at a purchase price of $0.01 per share (the Warrant),
a true and complete copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit E.

-8-

2.2
Deferred Usage Obligation.

(a)
No later than the earlier of (x) the fifth (5th) Business Day following the satisfaction (or waiver, if permitted by Law) of the conditions
set forth in Article VI (other than those conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied on the DUO Payment Date (as
defined below), but subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permitted by Law) of such conditions) and (y) solely in the event the
Payment Condition has been satisfied, the twenty-first (21st) day following the issuance of the Viasat Order (provided, that,
as of the DUO Payment Date, the other conditions set forth in Article VI have been satisfied (or waived, if permitted by
Law) other than those conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied on the DUO Payment Date, but subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver, if permitted by Law) of such conditions), subject to Section 2.2(b), AST Parent shall pay and/or issue to Ligado the
following:

(i)
a cash payment of $350,000,000 by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated by Ligado prior to
the DUO Payment Date; and

(ii)
a convertible note having the terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit F (the DUO Note) in an aggregate
principal amount of $200,000,000; provided, that AST Parent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, on ten (10) Business Days
prior written notice to Ligado, replace all or any portion of the foregoing issuance with a cash payment in US dollars, to be paid to
Ligado by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated by Ligado prior to the DUO Payment Date (in
which case the aggregate principal amount of the DUO Note shall be reduced by the amount of cash so paid); provided, that in the
event that the DUO Note is issued pursuant to this Section 2.2(a)(ii), AST Parent shall pay to Ligado, within thirty (30)
days of Ligados written request, an amount equal to (A) all reasonable and documented fees and expenses incurred by Ligado in
connection with its efforts to monetize the DUO Note plus (B) (1) the aggregate principal amount of the DUO Note minus
(2) the amount of gross proceeds (before expenses) actually received by Ligado in connection with its monetization of the DUO Note (following
completion of such monetization); provided, further, that Ligado shall consult with and consider in good faith any comments
from AST Parent regarding, and use reasonable best efforts to maximize the net proceeds received from, the monetization of the DUO Note.

For
purposes hereunder, (1) DUO Payments shall mean the payment and/or issuance to Ligado made pursuant to this Section
2.2(a) and (2) DUO Payment Date shall mean the date on which the DUO Payments are actually made.

(b)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that (i) the DUO Payment Date occurs before the Approval Condition has been satisfied and
(ii) the Viasat Payment is less than $550,000,000, the aggregate amount of the DUO Payments required to be made pursuant to Section
2.2(a) shall be reduced to the amount of the Viasat Payment (it being understood that the DUO Note shall be issued Ligado pursuant
to Section 2.2(a) (A) only if the amount of the Viasat Payment exceeds $350,000,000 and (B) in an aggregate principal amount equal
to such excess, if any); provided, that within five (5) Business Days following the satisfaction of the Approval Condition and
the satisfaction (or waiver, if permitted by Law) of the other conditions set forth in Article VI (other than those
conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied on the Catch-Up DUO Payment Date (as defined below), but subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver, if permitted by Law) of such conditions), AST Parent shall pay and/or issue to Ligado the remaining amount of the DUO Payments
not previously made to Ligado (the Catch-Up DUO Payments and the date on which such payment and/or issuance are
actually made, the Catch-Up DUO Payment Date).

-9-

Article
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF LIGADO

Ligado
represents and warrants to the Parent Group as follows:

3.1
Organization and Qualification. Ligado is a limited liability company duly
organized and validly existing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. Each of Ligados Subsidiaries is duly organized and validly
existing under the Laws of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. Each of Ligado and each of its Subsidiaries
is in good standing under the Laws of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (to the extent such concepts are recognized
in the applicable jurisdiction) and has all limited liability company, corporate or similar power and authority to own, lease and operate
its properties and assets in the manner in which they are currently owned, used or held and conduct its business as currently conducted,
except in each case for such failure to be in good standing or have such power and authority that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to be material to Ligado and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or prevent, materially delay or materially impair
the ability of Ligado to perform its obligations under this Agreement or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

3.2
Corporate Power; Enforceability.

(a)
Ligado has all requisite limited liability company power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its covenants
and obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to requisite Bankruptcy Court approvals, the
execution and delivery by Ligado of this Agreement, the performance by Ligado of its covenants and obligations hereunder and the consummation
by Ligado of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action
on the part of Ligado, and no additional limited liability company proceedings or actions on the part of Ligado are necessary to authorize
the execution and delivery by Ligado of this Agreement, the performance by Ligado of its covenants and obligations hereunder or the consummation
by Ligado of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b)
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Ligado and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery
by AST Parent, AST and SpectrumCo, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Ligado, enforceable against Ligado in accordance
with its terms, except that such enforceability (i) may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent conveyance and other similar Laws affecting or relating to creditors rights generally and (ii) is subject to general
principles of equity (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions).

-10-

3.3
Consents and Approvals; No Violation. Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement by Ligado, the performance by
Ligado of its covenants and obligations hereunder nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (a) violate or conflict
with or result in any breach of any provision of the respective certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or similar governing documents)
of Ligado or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) require any Permit of, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Authority except
for the NGSO Regulatory Approvals and as may be required under the Bankruptcy Code, (c) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach
of any provisions of, or require any notice or Consent or result in a default (or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation,
modification or acceleration or any event that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time or otherwise, would constitute a default
or give rise to any such right) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Contract to which Ligado or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party or by which any of their respective properties or assets are bound, or result in the loss of a material benefit or rights
under any such Contract, (d) result in (or, with the giving of notice, the passage of time or otherwise, would result in) the creation
or imposition of any Lien on any asset of Ligado or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Lien created by any of the Parent Group) or
(e) violate any Law or Order, including the Plan, applicable to Ligado or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any of their respective
properties or assets are bound, except, in the case of clauses (b) through (e), as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Ligado and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

3.4
Investment Decision. Ligado is acquiring the DUO Note (and any shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
the DUO Note) for its own account, for investment purposes and not with a view toward, or for resale in connection with, the public sale
or distribution thereof, in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities Laws. Ligado does not presently have any
Contract or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to sell or distribute the DUO Note (or any shares of Parent Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the DUO Note). Ligado is an accredited investor
as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act. Ligado acknowledges and understands the economic risk of holding the DUO Note
(and any shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the DUO Note). Ligado is familiar with the business and financial
condition, properties, operations and prospects of the Parent Group or Ligado has been granted the opportunity to ask questions of, and
receive answers from, Representatives of the Parent Group concerning the Parent Group and to obtain any additional information that Ligado
deems necessary to verify the accuracy of the information so provided. Ligado has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and
business matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risk of its investment. Ligado acknowledges that the DUO Note (and
any shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the DUO Note) have not been registered with the SEC or any state securities
commission and that any resale of the DUO Note (and any shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the DUO Note) would
require registration with the SEC or an exemption from registration. Ligado understands and agrees that no federal or state agency has
passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offer and sale of the DUO Note (and any shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the DUO Note) or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of an investment in the DUO Note (and any shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the DUO Note). To Ligados knowledge, neither Ligado nor any of its officers, directors,
employees, agents, stockholders or partners has either directly or indirectly, including through a broker or finder, engaged in any general
solicitation with respect to the offer and sale of the DUO Note (or any shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
DUO Note). Ligado acknowledges and agrees that the DUO Note and any shares of Parent Common Stock that may be issued on conversion of
the DUO Note are restricted securities under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and will contain a customary
restricted legend stating that the securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities law and that
such securities may not be sold, pledged, assigned or otherwise transferred except in a transaction registered under the Securities Act
or exempt from registration thereunder.

-11-

3.5
No Other Representations or Warranties.

(a)
Except for the express written representations and warranties made by Ligado contained in this Article III, any other AST
Definitive Agreements and in any certificates delivered by Ligado or any of its Representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby, neither Ligado nor any Representative or other Person on behalf of Ligado makes any express or implied representation or warranty
with respect to Ligado or any of its Affiliates or any of its or their respective businesses, assets, Liabilities, financial condition
or results of operations or with respect to any other information provided to any of the Parent Group in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, and Ligado hereby disclaims any other representations or warranties, express or implied (including any implied warranty
of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), as to the accuracy or completeness of any other information made (or made available)
by itself or any of its Representatives with respect to, or in connection with, the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b)
Ligado acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article IV, any
other AST Definitive Agreements and in any certificates delivered by any of the Parent Group or any of its Representatives in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) none of the Parent Group nor any of their respective Representatives makes, or has made,
any representations or warranties relating to itself or its business, assets, Liabilities, financial condition or results of operations
or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and Ligado is not relying on any representation or warranty of
the Parent Group except for those expressly set forth in this Agreement, any other AST Definitive Agreements and any such certificate
and (ii) no Person has been authorized by any of the Parent Group to make any representation or warranty relating to the Parent Group
or their business, assets, Liabilities, financial condition or results of operations or otherwise in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, and if made, such representation or warranty has not been relied on by Ligado.

Article
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT GROUP

The
Parent Group hereby represents and warrants to Ligado as follows:

4.1
Organization and Qualification. Each of AST Parent, AST and SpectrumCo is duly organized and validly existing and in good
standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization (to the extent such concepts are recognized in the applicable jurisdiction),
with all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets in the manner in which they are currently
owned, used or held and conduct its business as currently conducted, except for such failures to be in good standing or have such power
and authority that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or materially impair
the ability of AST Parent, AST or SpectrumCo to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement or consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. AST Parent, AST and SpectrumCo are in compliance with the provisions of their respective certificates of incorporation
and bylaws (or similar governing documents).

-12-

4.2
Corporate Power; Enforceability.

(a)
Each of AST Parent, AST and SpectrumCo has all requisite corporate or limited liability company power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement, to perform its covenants and obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to
requisite Bankruptcy Court approvals, the execution and delivery by the Parent Group of this Agreement, the performance by the Parent
Group of its covenants and obligations hereunder and the consummation by the Parent Group of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action on the part of the Parent Group, and
no additional corporate or limited liability company proceedings or actions on the part of the Parent Group are necessary to authorize
the execution and delivery by the Parent Group of this Agreement, the performance by the Parent Group of its covenants and obligations
hereunder or the consummation by the Parent Group of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b)
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Parent Group and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by Ligado, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parent Group, enforceable against the Parent Group in accordance
with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

4.3
Consents and Approvals; No Violation. Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement by any of the Parent Group, the
performance by any of the Parent Group of their respective covenants and obligations hereunder nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will (a) violate or conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the respective certificate of incorporation
or bylaws (or similar governing documents) of any of the Parent Group, (b) require any Permit of, or filing with or notification to,
any Governmental Authority, except as may be required under (i) the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) the applicable requirements of any federal
or state securities Laws, including compliance with the Exchange Act or (iii) the applicable requirements of NASDAQ, (c) violate, conflict
with or result in a breach of any provision of, or require any notice or Consent or result in a default (or give rise to any right of
termination, cancellation, modification or acceleration or any event that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time or otherwise,
would constitute a default or give rise to any such right) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Contract to which
any of the Parent Group or any of their respective Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of the Parent Group or any of their respective
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets are bound, or result in the loss of a material benefit or rights under any
such Contract or (d) violate any Law or Order, including the Plan, applicable to any of the Parent Group or by which any of their respective
assets or properties are bound, except, in the case of clauses (b) through (d), as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of any of the Parent Group to perform their respective
obligations under this Agreement or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

-13-

4.4
No Other Representations or Warranties.

(a)
Except for the express written representations and warranties made by the Parent Group contained in this Article IV, any
other AST Definitive Agreements and in any certificates delivered by the Parent Group or any of its Representatives in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby, none of the Parent Group nor any Representative or other Person on behalf of either makes any express
or implied representation or warranty with respect to them or any of their Affiliates or any of its or their respective business, assets,
Liabilities, financial condition or results of operations or with respect to any other information provided to Ligado in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Parent Group hereby disclaims any other representations or warranties, express or implied,
as to the accuracy or completeness of any other information made (or made available) by themselves or any of their Representatives with
respect to, or in connection with, the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b)
The Parent Group each acknowledge and agree that, except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article
III, any other AST Definitive Agreements and in any certificates delivered by Ligado or any of its Representatives in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) neither Ligado, its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective Representatives makes, or
has made, any representations or warranties relating to itself or its business, assets, Liabilities, financial condition or results of
operations or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and none of the Parent Group is relying on any representation
or warranty of Ligado except for those expressly set forth in this Agreement, any other AST Definitive Agreements or any such certificate
and (ii) no Person has been authorized by Ligado or any of its Subsidiaries to make any representation or warranty relating to Ligado
or any of its Subsidiaries or their business, operations, assets, Liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects or otherwise
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and if made, such representation or warranty has not been relied on by any of
the Parent Group.

Article
V

COVENANTS

5.1
Efforts.

(a)
Prior to the earlier of (x) the valid termination of this Agreement and (y) (A) if the Viasat Payment is greater than or equal to $550,000,000,
the DUO Payment Date or (B) if the Viasat Payment is less than $550,000,000, the Catch-Up DUO Payment
Date, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties hereto shall use reasonable
best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions that are necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, as
promptly as practicable, the AST Transaction, including using reasonable best efforts to (i) cause each of the conditions to the AST
Transaction set forth in Article VI to be satisfied as promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, (ii) subject
to Section 5.1(b), obtain, as promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, and maintain all necessary actions or
non-actions and Consents from Governmental Authorities and make all necessary registrations, declarations and filings with Governmental
Authorities, that are necessary to consummate the AST Transaction, (iii) reasonably cooperate with the other party with respect to the
foregoing and (iv) defend or contest in good faith any Legal Proceeding brought by a third party that could otherwise prevent or impede,
interfere with, hinder or delay in any material respect the consummation of the AST Transaction.

-14-

(b)
Each of AST Parent and Ligado shall (i) prepare and file any filings or notifications and related material that are necessary, proper
or advisable to permit consummation of the AST Transaction, as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date on which the Viasat
Order is first issued (or on such earlier date as AST Parent, in consultation with Ligado, deems advisable), (ii) provide or cause to
be provided as promptly as reasonably practicable and advisable any information and documentary material that may be requested by any
Governmental Authorities under applicable Laws (if any) and (iii) if applicable, use its reasonable best efforts to obtain prompt expiration
or termination of any applicable waiting period or other approval of consummation of the AST Transaction by any applicable Governmental
Authorities; provided, that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no member of the Parent Group shall be
obligated to, and without AST Parents consent, Ligado shall not, take or agree to take any action to the extent such action, individually
or in the aggregate with all other such actions taken together, (A) relates to or would impact any capital stock, assets, rights, products,
businesses, relationships, contractual rights, obligations, arrangements, conduct or activities, of any member of the Parent Group or
(B) would reasonably be expected to adversely impact the benefits the Parent Group or Ligado expects to realize from the AST Transaction
in any material respect.

(c)
Subject to applicable Law and the requirements of applicable Governmental Authorities, Ligado and the Parent Group and their respective
counsel shall, in connection with the efforts referenced in Sections 5.1(a) and 5.1(b), (i) cooperate in all
respects with each other in connection with any filing or submission with a Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry by or before a Governmental Authority relating
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including any proceeding initiated by a private person, (ii) where legally permissible,
have the right to review in advance, and to the extent practicable each shall consult and consider in good faith the views of the other
regarding, any material filing made with, or written materials to be submitted to, any Governmental Authority in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and of any material communication received or given in connection with any proceeding by
a private person, in each case regarding any of the transactions contemplated by this agreement, (iii) promptly inform each other of
any material communication (or any other material correspondence or memoranda) received from, or given to, any applicable Governmental
Authority and (iv) where legally permissible, promptly furnish each other with copies of all correspondence, filings and written communications
between them or their Subsidiaries or affiliates, on the one hand, and any Governmental Authority or its respective staff, on the other
hand, with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Subject to applicable Law and the requirements of applicable Governmental
Authority, Ligado and the Parent Group shall (with respect to any in-person discussion or meeting), and shall to the extent practicable
(with respect to any telephonic discussion or meeting), provide the other party and its counsel with advance notice of and the opportunity
to participate in any material discussion or meeting with any Governmental Authority in respect of any filing, investigation or other
inquiry in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Ligado and the Parent Group may, as each deems advisable
and necessary, reasonably designate any competitively sensitive material provided to the other under this Section 5.1(c)
as Counsel Only Material. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.1(c), materials provided
to the other party or its counsel may be redacted to remove references concerning the valuation of Ligado or the AST Transaction.

-15-

5.2
Public Statements. Except as otherwise required or provided by applicable
Law (including releases or disclosures determined in good faith to be reasonably necessary or advisable under applicable Law by the disclosing
party or to comply with a partys regulatory obligations), it is agreed that each of Ligado, on the one hand, and the Parent Group,
on the other hand, must first approve in writing all other public announcements or other marketing efforts utilizing the other partys
name or logo or the general terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each of Ligado, on the one hand, and the Parent Group, on the other
hand, agrees to work in good faith to respond to requests for such press releases or other public announcements, in all cases on or prior
to the Applicable Response Deadline (as defined below). Such requests shall be submitted to mediat@ligado.com in the case of Ligado and
AstSpaceMobile@allisonpr.com in the case of any member of the Parent Group, and the requesting party shall include in such request a
reasonable deadline (which shall be no earlier than the fifth (5th) Business Day following the submission of such request) by which the
other party must approve or deny such request (the Applicable Response Deadline). If no response is received by
the Applicable Response Deadline, then such requesting party shall not be deemed to be in breach of this Section 5.2 as a result
of issuing any press release or other public announcement that was the subject of such request. Any party may issue restatements of previously-approved
statements or statements permitted by the first clause of this Section 5.2. Each party may, without complying with the foregoing
obligations, make any public statement regarding the AST Transaction in response to questions from the press, analysts, investors or
those attending industry conferences, and make internal announcements to employees, in each case, to the extent that such statements
are not inconsistent with previous press releases, public disclosures or public statements made jointly by the parties or approved by
the parties, and otherwise in compliance with this Section 5.2, and provided that such public statements do not reveal material
nonpublic information regarding this Agreement or the AST Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, AST Parent shall be permitted to file
this Agreement as an exhibit to one or more SEC Reports.

5.3
Certain Litigation. Without limiting the obligations of Ligado or AST under Section 5.4:

(a)
promptly upon becoming aware of any Ligado Legal Proceeding or any material developments with respect thereto, Ligado shall advise AST
thereof unless Ligado determines, based on the good faith advice of outside counsel, that doing so could jeopardize the protection of
an attorney-client privilege, attorney work product protection or other legal privilege (provided, that in such event, Ligado
shall notify AST if it is withholding any such information and use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such information in a manner
that does not waive any such privilege (including pursuant to a common interest agreement)).

(b)
promptly upon becoming aware of any AST Legal Proceeding or any material developments with respect thereto, AST or AST Parent (as applicable)
shall advise Ligado thereof unless AST determines, based on the good faith advice of outside counsel, that doing so could jeopardize
the protection of an attorney-client privilege, attorney work product protection or other legal privilege (provided, that in such
event, AST shall notify Ligado if it is withholding any such information and use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such information
in a manner that does not waive any such privilege (including pursuant to a common interest agreement)).

-16-

5.4
Notice of Certain Events. Prior to the earlier of (x) the valid termination of this Agreement and (y) (A) if the Viasat
Payment is greater than or equal to $550,000,000, the DUO Payment Date or (B) if the Viasat Payment
is less than $550,000,000, the Catch-Up DUO Payment Date, Ligado shall give prompt
notice to AST, and AST, on behalf of the Parent Group, shall give prompt notice to Ligado, (a) of any written notice or other written
communication received by such party from any Person alleging that the Consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with
the AST Transaction, (b) of any Legal Proceeding commenced or, to any partys knowledge, threatened against, such party or any
of its Affiliates or otherwise relating to such party or any of its Affiliates, in each case that would, in the reasonable judgment of
such party, have a material adverse effect on the other partys rights with respect to the AST Transaction and (c) if it obtains
actual knowledge of any breach by such party of its representations, warranties and covenants hereunder that would, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to lead to the failure of any condition to the other partys obligations to consummate the
AST Transaction provided, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.4 shall not affect the
remedies available hereunder to any party.

5.5
Backstop Commitment.

(a)
No later than sixty (60) days following the Effective Date, Ligado shall obtain a financing commitment (the Backstop Commitment)
pursuant to which, subject only to the satisfaction of customary conditions to a committed financing, the counterparties thereto (the
Financing Sources) shall have committed to provide cash proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay the Refund Amount
in the event of an Approval Condition Failure (the Backstop Financing).

(b)
The Parent Group shall cooperate in good faith and work together with Ligado in connection with Ligados obligations pursuant to
Section 5.5(a); provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, no member of the Parent Group nor any of their respective
Affiliates shall be required to take or permit the taking of any action pursuant to this Section 5.5 that would (i) require any
member of the Parent Group or any of their respective Affiliates to pay any commitment or other similar fee or incur any other expense,
liability or obligation in connection with the Backstop Commitment or Backstop Financing or (ii) cause any director, officer, employee
or stockholder of any member of the Parent Group or any of their respective Affiliates to incur any personal liability.

(c)
In the event of an Approval Condition Failure (unless a breach by the Parent Group of its obligation under the Collaboration Agreement
with respect to the satisfaction of the Approval Condition is the primary cause of the failure of such Approval Condition Failure), Ligado
shall, as promptly as practicable, (i) cause the Financing Sources to fund the Backstop Financing and (ii) no later than five (5) Business
Days after the Backstop Financing has been fully funded, pay (A) to AST Parent, in consideration for any DUO Note issued by AST Parent
to Ligado, an amount in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, equal to the aggregate cash value of such DUO Note (valued
at the aggregate principal amount of such DUO Note at initial issuance) and (B) to SpectrumCo an amount in cash, by wire transfer of
immediately available funds, equal to the aggregate amount of cash previously paid by or on behalf of AST Parent (including any such
payments made by any other member of the Parent Group to Ligado) pursuant to Section 2.2(a) (the aggregate amounts described
in clauses (A) and (B), the Refund Amount).

-17-

5.6
Viasat Payment. Ligado shall use reasonable best efforts to contest any Legal Proceeding brought before the Bankruptcy
Court or before any other court at any time that seeks entry of an order requiring Ligado to pay, prior to the satisfaction of the Approval
Condition, to Viasat (or any of its Affiliates) any past due amounts under the Viasat Cooperation Agreement, and/or any related interest,
that Viasat contends or shall contend is due and payable pursuant to the Viasat Cooperation Agreement as of (or with respect to any period
commencing prior to) January 5, 2025.

Article
VI

CONDITIONS
TO THE DUO PAYMENTS OR THE CATCH-UP DUO PAYMENTS (AS APPLICABLE)

6.1
Conditions to the Obligations of the Parent Group. The obligations of AST Parent to make the DUO Payments or the Catch-Up
DUO Payments (as applicable) shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where permissible under Law) by AST Parent of each of the
following conditions:

(a)
No Legal Prohibition. No Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued or promulgated any Law or
issued or granted any Order that is in effect and has the effect of making the DUO Payments or the Catch-Up DUO Payments (as applicable)
illegal or that has the effect of prohibiting or otherwise preventing the DUO Payments.

(b)
[Reserved].

(c)
Bankruptcy Order. The Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the AST Definitive Agreements Order, which shall be in form and substance
consistent with the RSA and acceptable in all respects to AST Parent.

(d)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Ligado contained in Article III shall be true and correct
in all respects as of the date hereof and as of (i) the DUO Payment Date as if made on the DUO Payment Date or (ii) the Catch-Up DUO
Payments as if made on the Catch-Up DUO Payment Date (as applicable) (except with respect to representations and warranties that expressly
reference an earlier date, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct at and as of such date), except for any de
minimis inaccuracies.

(e)
Compliance with Covenants. Ligado shall have complied with or performed in all material respects any agreement or covenant to
be complied with or performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the DUO Payments Date or the Catch-Up DUO Payments Date (as applicable).

(f)
Approval Condition. The Approval Condition shall have been satisfied or the Payment Condition shall have been satisfied.

-18-

(g)
Collaboration Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement shall be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and Ligado
shall not be in material breach of any of the terms thereof.

(h)
Officers Certificate. Ligado shall have delivered to AST a certificate, signed on behalf of Ligado by a duly authorized
executive officer thereof, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.1(d) and 6.1(e) have been satisfied.

Article
VII

TERMINATION

7.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time (except as otherwise
expressly noted):

(a)
by either AST Parent or Ligado, at any time before the Plan Effective Date, if the RSA is terminated;

(b)
by either AST Parent or Ligado, at any time before the (x) if the Viasat Payment is greater than
or equal to $550,000,000, the DUO Payment Date or (y) if the Viasat payment is less than $550,000,000, the Catch-Up DUO Payment Date,
if any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have issued a final and non-appealable permanent Order or taken any other
action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the issuance of the DUO Payments and such injunction, restraint or
prohibition shall have become final and non-appealable;

(c)
(i) by AST Parent, at any time before the (x) if the Viasat Payment is greater than or equal to
$550,000,000, the DUO Payment Date or (y) if the Viasat Payment is less than $550,000,000,
the Catch-Up DUO Payment Date, if Ligado has breached or failed to perform any of its covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement
or any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement has become inaccurate, which breach or failure to perform or inaccuracy
(A) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.1(d) or 6.1(e) and (B) is incapable
of being cured or, if curable, is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice
of such breach, failure to perform or inaccuracy, stating AST Parents intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section
7.1(c)(i) and the basis for such termination is given by AST Parent to Ligado; or (ii) by Ligado, if any member of the AST Group
has breached or failed to perform any of its covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement or any of its representations or warranties
in this Agreement has become inaccurate, in each case, (A) in a manner that would have a material adverse effect on the AST Transaction
or Ligados rights hereunder and (B) which breach or failure to perform or inaccuracy is incapable of being cured or, if curable,
is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice of such breach, failure to perform
or inaccuracy, stating Ligados intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(c)(ii) and the basis
for such termination is given by Ligado to AST Parent;

(d)
by AST Parent or Ligado, if the Collaboration Agreement is terminated or otherwise not in full
force and effect;

(e)
by AST Parent, if the Plan Effective Date has not occurred on or prior to the Outside Date (as
defined in the RSA);

-19-

(f)
by AST Parent, at any time after an Adverse Impact Determination; or

(g)
by Ligado, if (i) the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 were satisfied on the date the DUO Payments or the Catch-Up DUO
Payments were required to have been made pursuant to Section 2.2(a)or Section 2.2(b)
(as applicable), (ii) AST Parent has failed to make the DUO Payments or the Catch-Up DUO Payments (as applicable) on
such date, (iii) Ligado has, at least three Business Days prior to seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(g),
delivered a written notice to AST Parent stating that Ligado intends to so terminate this Agreement and (iv) AST Parent has failed to
make the DUO Payments or the Catch-Up DUO Payments (as applicable) by the end of the third
Business Day following delivery of such notice.

7.2
Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be given to the other parties hereto, specifying the provision
pursuant to which such termination is made, and this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void (other than Section 7.2,
Section 7.3 and Article VIII, each of which shall survive termination of this Agreement), and there shall be
no liability on the part of AST Parent, AST, SpectrumCo or Ligado or any of their respective directors, officers or Affiliates; provided,
that no such termination shall relieve any party from liability for damages to another party resulting from any breach of this Agreement
or from fraud.

7.3
Fees and Expenses.

(a)
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party or parties, as applicable, incurring such fees or
expenses.

(b)
Break-Up Fee. In the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(f),
or by any other provision of Section 7.1 at a time when AST Parent would have been permitted to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.1(f), Ligado shall pay to AST, by wire transfer of immediately available funds within 60 days following
such termination, a cash amount (the Break-Up Fee) equal to:

(i)
if such termination occurs prior to the satisfaction of the Approval Condition, (A)
the aggregate amount of all Usage Rights Payments made by or on behalf of the Parent Group to Ligado prior to such termination plus
(B) the lesser of (1) 2.5% of all Takings Litigation Proceeds received by Ligado and its Affiliates as of the date the Break-Up Fee
is paid and (2) $450,000,000 (provided, that if the amount set forth in the foregoing clause (1) is less than $450,000,000, then
from and after such date, Ligado shall pay to AST an amount equal to 2.5% of any Takings Litigation Proceeds subsequently received by
Ligado and its Affiliates within thirty (30) days following receipt thereof, until such
time as the cumulative amounts Ligado has paid to AST pursuant to this clause (B) is equal to $450,000,000);

-20-

(ii)
if such termination occurs concurrently with or after the satisfaction of the Approval Condition
and prior to January 1, 2036, (A) the aggregate amount of all Usage Rights Payments made by or on behalf of the Parent Group to Ligado
prior to such termination plus (B) the greater of (1) 2.5% of all Takings Litigation Proceeds received by Ligado and its Affiliates
as of the date the Break-Up Fee is paid and (2) $450,000,000 (provided, that (x) if the amount set forth in the foregoing clause
(1) is greater than or equal to $450,000,000, then from and after such date, Ligado shall pay to AST an amount equal to 2.5% of any Takings
Litigation Proceeds subsequently received by Ligado and its Affiliates within thirty (30) days
following receipt thereof and (y) if the amount set forth in the foregoing clause (1) is less than $450,000,000, then from and after
such time as 2.5% of the aggregate amount all Takings Litigation Proceeds received by Ligado and its Affiliates is equal to $450,000,000,
Ligado shall pay to AST an amount equal to 2.5% of the excess of the aggregate amount of all Takings Litigation Proceeds received by
Ligado and its Affiliates over $18,000,000,000, in each case within thirty (30) days following
receipt thereof) plus (C) if AST Parent has made all or any portion of the DUO Payments and/or the Catch-Up DUO Payments
(as applicable) to Ligado, the aggregate cash value of all such DUO Payments and Catch-Up DUO Payments
(with any DUO Note valued at the aggregate principal amount of such note at initial issuance);
or

(iii)
if such termination occurs concurrently with or after the satisfaction of the Approval Condition
and on or after January 1, 2036, (A) the aggregate amount of all Usage Rights Payments made by or on behalf of the Parent Group to Ligado
prior to such termination plus (B) the lesser of (1) 2.5% of all Takings Litigation Proceeds received by Ligado and its Affiliates
as of the date the Break-Up Fee is paid and (2) $450,000,000 (provided, that if the amount set forth in the foregoing clause (1)
is less than $450,000,000, then from and after such date, Ligado shall pay to AST an amount equal to 2.5% of any Takings Litigation Proceeds
subsequently received by Ligado and its Affiliates within thirty (30) days following receipt
thereof, until such time as the cumulative amounts Ligado has paid to AST pursuant to this clause (B) is equal to $450,000,000); plus
(C) if AST Parent has made all or any portion of the DUO Payments and/or the Catch-Up DUO Payments (as applicable) to
Ligado, the aggregate cash value of all such DUO Payments and Catch-Up DUO Payments (with any DUO Note valued at the aggregate principal
amount of such note at initial issuance).

For the avoidance of doubt, the amount
of any Break-Up Fee pursuant to this Section 7.3(b) shall not be deemed to reflect any direct or indirect valuation of Ligados
ATC Deployment (as defined in the Collaboration Agreement), except to the extent the Break-Up Fee incorporates any Takings Litigation
Proceeds.

(c) Liquidated Damages; Payment Default; Sole and
Exclusive Remedy.

(i)
The parties acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 7.3 are an integral part of the AST Transaction and
that, without these agreements, the parties would not enter into this Agreement. Accordingly, the Break-Up Fee, if, as and when required
to be paid pursuant to Section 7.3(b), shall constitute not a penalty but rather liquidated damages in a reasonable amount
that will compensate the Parent Group in the circumstances in which it is payable for the efforts and resources expended and opportunities
foregone while negotiating this Agreement and in reliance on this Agreement and on the expectation of the consummation of the AST Transaction.

-21-

(ii)
If Ligado fails to pay in a timely manner any amount due pursuant to Section 7.3(b), then (A) Ligado shall reimburse the
Parent Group for all costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented fees of outside counsel) incurred in the successful collection
of such overdue amount, including in connection with any related Legal Proceedings and (B) Ligado shall pay to AST a late payment fee
in the amount of one percent (1.0%) of the total amount payable pursuant to Section 7.3(b).

(iii)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event the Break-Up Fee is paid to AST in circumstances under which
such fee is payable pursuant to this Section 7.3(b), payment of the Break-Up Fee (plus, if applicable, any additional amounts
payable pursuant to Section 7.3(c)(ii)) shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of the Parent Group against Ligado for any
loss suffered by the Parent Group as a result of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section
7.1(f); provided, that solely to the extent permitted by the terms of any resolution of the Takings Litigation
(as determined by Ligado in consultation with its counsel in its sole discretion), Ligado shall cooperate with and assist the Parent
Group in good faith, at the Parent Groups sole cost and expense, in ASTs pursuit of any damages or other losses (against
parties other than Ligado or its investors) in excess of the Break-Up Fee incurred solely as a direct result of Ligados resolution
of the Takings Litigation. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement or any other AST Definitive Agreement shall impair or
effect the rights of any member of the Parent Group to receive any fees or receive any amounts that may be payable under the RSA or the
Break-Up Fee Order, and any such fees or amounts shall be in addition to any Break-Up Fee that may be payable hereunder.

Article
VIII

GENERAL
PROVISIONS

8.1
Amendment. To the extent permitted by Law and subject to the other provisions
of this Agreement, this Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of each of AST Parent, AST, SpectrumCo and Ligado.

8.2
Extension; Waiver. At any time and from time to time, any party or parties
hereto may, to the extent permitted by Law and except as otherwise set forth herein, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of
the obligations or other acts of the other party or parties hereto, as applicable, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations
and warranties made to such party or parties hereto contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (c) waive compliance
with any of the agreements or conditions for the benefit of such party or parties hereto contained herein. Any agreement on the part
of a party or parties hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of such party or parties, as applicable. Any delay in exercising any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such
right.

8.3
Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and delivered by (x) email, and shall be deemed to have been duly delivered and received hereunder on the date of dispatch by the sender
thereof (to the extent that no bounce back or similar message indicating non-delivery is received with respect thereto)
or (y) nationally recognized overnight courier service (providing proof of delivery), in each case, to the intended recipient as set
forth below (or to such other recipient as designated in a written notice to the other parties hereto in accordance with this Section
8.3):

-22-

(a)
if to any of the Parent Group, to:

AST
& Science, LLC

Midland
Intl. Air & Space Port

2901
Enterprise Lane

Midland,
TX 79706

Attention:

Email:

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Freshfields
US LLP

3
World Trade Center

175
Greenwich Street

New
York, New York 10007

Attention:
Ethan
A. Klingsberg

Oliver
J. Board

Email:
ethan.klingsberg@freshfields.com

oliver.board@freshfields.com

(b)
if to Ligado, to:

10802
Parkridge Boulevard

Reston,
Virginia 20191

Attention:

Email:

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

c/o
Milbank LLP

55
Hudson Yards

New
York, New York 10001

Attention:
Patrick
S. Campbell

Matthew
Brod

Email: pcampbell@milbank.com

mbrod@milbank.com

8.4
Assignment. No party may assign (by operation of Law or otherwise) either
this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other parties, except
that the Parent Group may assign all or any of their rights and obligations under this Agreement to any Affiliate of AST Parent that
holds sufficient capital to satisfy the financial obligations of AST Parent hereunder (including, without limitation, the obligations
of AST Parent under Section 2.2(a)); provided, that no such assignment shall relieve the assigning party of its obligations
under this Agreement if such assignee does not fully and timely perform such obligations. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement
shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any purported
assignment in violation of this Agreement shall be void ab initio.

-23-

8.5
Confidentiality. The Parent Group and Ligado hereby acknowledge that AST and
Ligado have previously executed a confidentiality agreement, dated as of January 18, 2022, as amended on January 24, 2025 (collectively,
the Confidentiality Agreement), which shall automatically terminate and shall thereafter be of no further force
or effect on execution of this Agreement; provided, that the parties hereto agree that Section 9.1 of the Collaboration Agreement
shall apply to and govern this Agreement, mutatis mutandis.

8.6
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including any schedules, annexes and exhibits
hereto and the documents and instruments and other agreements among the parties hereto as contemplated by or referred to herein, including
the Exhibits hereto) and the other AST Definitive Agreements constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Confidentiality Agreement and the Confidential Binding Terms of Strategic Collaboration,
dated January 5, 2025, by and between AST & Science, LLC and Ligado Networks LLC).

8.7
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure solely
to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any other Person any
rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

8.8
Severability. In the event that any term or other provision of this Agreement,
or the application thereof, is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law, or public policy, all other conditions
and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the
AST Transaction is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. On such determination that any term or other provision
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the AST Transaction be
effected as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

8.9
Remedies; Dispute Resolution.

(a)
Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred on a party
shall be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity on such party, and the exercise
by a party of any one remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other remedy.

-24-

(b)
The parties hereto hereby agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any provision
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with its specific terms or were otherwise breached, and that money damages or other
legal remedies would not be an adequate remedy for any such damages. Accordingly, subject to Section 8.9(c) below, the parties
hereto acknowledge and hereby agree that in the event of any breach by Ligado, on the one hand, or any of the Parent Group, on the other
hand, of any of their respective covenants or obligations set forth in this Agreement, Ligado, on the one hand, and the Parent Group,
on the other hand, shall be entitled (without proof of actual damages or otherwise or posting or securing any bond) to an injunction
or injunctions to prevent or restrain breaches of this Agreement by the other (as applicable), and to specifically enforce the terms
and provisions of this Agreement to prevent breaches of, or to enforce compliance with, the covenants and obligations of the other under
this Agreement. Ligado, on the one hand, and the Parent Group, on the other hand, hereby agree not to oppose the availability of the
equitable remedy of specific performance on the basis that the other party has an adequate remedy at law or an award of specific performance
is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity.

(c)
If during the term of this Agreement, a dispute arises between the Ligado, on the one hand, and the Parent Group, on the other hand (each,
a Dispute Party), or one Dispute Party perceives the other as acting unfairly or unreasonably, or a question of
interpretation arises hereunder, then the Dispute Parties respective representatives (as identified in Schedule 1 (Dispute
Resolution Representatives)) shall promptly confer and exert reasonable best efforts to reach a reasonable and equitable resolution
of the dispute. If the representatives are unable to resolve the issue within ten (10) Business Days, then the representative of the
Dispute Party that initially raised the dispute shall develop a description of the dispute, identify such dispute as either technical
or commercial in nature and refer such dispute within two (2) Business Days of the lapse of the aforementioned ten (10)
Business Days to: (i) a member of the Dispute Parties technical team in the event such dispute is technical; or
(ii) a member of the Dispute Parties executive team (other than the chief executive officer) if the dispute is commercial.
If such member of the Dispute Parties technical team or executive team (other than the chief executive officer), as applicable,
is unable to resolve such dispute within ten (10) Business Days, then such dispute will be referred to each Dispute Parties chief
executive officer for resolution. Neither Dispute Party shall seek judicial resolution of any dispute arising in connection with this
Agreement until the chief executive officer of each Dispute Party has had at least ten (10) Business Days to attempt to resolve the dispute
following referral of the dispute to such chief executive officers. Notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary, the dispute
resolution process in this Section 8.9(c) shall not apply to any disputes between the Dispute Parties as to whether the Payment
Condition has been satisfied.

8.10
Governing Law. Except to the extent the mandatory provisions of the Bankruptcy
Code apply, this Agreement, including any claims or causes of action (whether in contract, tort or statute) that may be based on, arise
out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance thereof, or the transactions contemplated hereby, shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or
conflict of Law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the
Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

-25-

8.11
Consent to Jurisdiction. Subject to Section 8.9(c), each of the parties
hereto (a) irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any other process in any Legal Proceeding relating to
the transactions contemplated hereby, for and on behalf of itself or any of its properties or assets, in accordance with Section 8.3
or in such other manner as may be permitted by Law, and nothing in this Section 8.11 shall affect the right of any party
to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law; (b) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits itself and its
properties and assets in any Legal Proceeding to the exclusive jurisdiction of (i) solely prior to the Plan Effective Date, the Bankruptcy
Court, (ii) in the event (but only in the event) that the Bankruptcy Court (if applicable) does not have subject matter jurisdiction
over such Legal Proceeding, the Delaware Court of Chancery in and for New Castle County, (iii) in the event (but only in the event) that
the courts identified in clauses (i) (if applicable) and (ii) do not have subject matter jurisdiction over such Legal Proceeding,
the United States District Court for the District of Delaware or (iv) in the event (but only in the event) that the courts identified
in clauses (i) (if applicable), (ii) and (iii) do not have jurisdiction over such Legal Proceeding, Delaware state
court sitting in New Castle County (and in each case, appellate courts therefrom) (the courts referred to in clauses (i) (if applicable),
(ii), (iii) and (iv), the Chosen Courts), in respect
of any claim based on, arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance thereof, or the transactions
contemplated hereby (provided, that a party hereto may commence any Legal Proceeding in a court other than a Chosen Court solely
for the purpose of enforcing an order or judgment issued by a Chosen Court), or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect
thereof; (c) agrees that it shall not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from
any such court; (d) agrees that any actions or proceedings in respect of any claim based on, arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
or the negotiation, execution or performance thereof, or the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be brought, tried and determined
only in the Chosen Courts; (e) waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such Legal Proceeding in any
such court or that such Legal Proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; and (f) agrees
that it shall not bring any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in any court
other than the Chosen Courts. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any Legal Proceeding in a Chosen Court shall
be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law.

8.12
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF AST PARENT, AST, SPECTRUMCO AND LIGADO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF AST PARENT, AST, SPECTRUMCO OR LIGADO IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION,
PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER
PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING
WAIVER, (B) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATION OF THIS WAIVER, (C) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND
(D) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

8.13
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed
by each of the parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission, including by e-mail attachment,
shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

8.14
AST Parent Indemnity. AST Parent hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each other member of the Parent Group (each,
an Indemnitee) against any and all liabilities in respect of amounts owed to Ligado or its Affiliates by such Indemnitee
under this Agreement, the Collaboration Agreement and/or the CCI Agreement (including in the event of a breach by such Indemnitee of
its applicable obligations hereunder or thereunder). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (a) AST Parents obligations
under this Section 8.14 shall apply notwithstanding whether such Indemnitee has made payments to Ligado in respect of such liabilities
(to the extent any such liabilities remain outstanding) and (b) Ligado (or its applicable Affiliates party to the Collaboration Agreement
and/or CCI Agreement) is an express third party beneficiary of this Section 8.14 and shall be entitled to seek an injunction,
specific performance or other remedy available at law or in equity to cause AST Parent to fulfill its obligations under this Section
8.14.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

-26-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers to be effective
as of the date first above written.

AST SPACEMOBILE, INC.

By: /s/
Abel Avellan

Name: Abel
Avellan

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

AST & SCIENCE, LLC

By: /s/
Abel Avellan

Name: Abel
Avellan

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

SPECTRUM USA I, LLC

By: /s/
Andrew M. Johnson

Name: Andrew
M. Johnson

Title:
Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer

LIGADO NETWORKS LLC

By: /s/
Doug Smith

Name: Doug
Smith

Title:
President
& Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Certain
confidential information, marked by [***], has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because the omitted information
is both not material and is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential.

STRATEGIC
COLLABORATION AND SPECTRUM USAGE AGREEMENT

by
and among

LIGADO
NETWORKS LLC

and

SPECTRUM
USA I, LLC

Dated
as of March 22, 2025

Table
of Contents

Page

Article
1 Definitions; Interpretations; and Order of Precedence 2

1.1 Definitions 2

1.2 Additional
Definitions 9

1.3 Interpretation 12

1.4 Order
of Precedence 13

Article
2 SpectrumCo Usage Right and SPECTRUMCO L-Band Commercialization Plan 13

2.1 Ligado
Grant of SpectrumCo Usage Right 13

2.2 SpectrumCo
L-band Commercialization Plan 16

2.3 Resolution
of Takings Litigation 17

Article
3 SPECTRUMCO USAGE RIGHT AND SPECTRUMCO REVENUE SHARE AMOUNT PAYMENTS 17

3.1 SpectrumCo
Usage Right Payments 17

3.2 SpectrumCo
Net Revenue Share 18

Article
4 SPECTRUMCO CALL OPTION RIGHT 19

4.1 SpectrumCo
Call Option Right 19

Article
5 LIGADO ATC DEPLOYMENT RIGHT 20

5.1 ATC
Deployment Right 20

Article
6 Governance 20

6.1 Steering
Committee 20

6.2 [***] 21

Article
7 TERM AND TERMINATION 22

7.1 Term 22

7.2 Termination 22

7.3 Effect
of Termination 25

7.4 Termination
of Binding Term Sheet 25

Article
8 PAYMENT PROVISIONS 25

8.1 Payments
by SpectrumCo 25

8.2 Payments
by Ligado 26

8.3 Procedures
for Notices of Disagreement and Independent Accountant 26

8.4 Places
of Payment 28

8.5 Interest
for Late Payments 28

8.6 Taxes 28

i

Article
9 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 28

9.1 Confidentiality 28

9.2 Exceptions 29

Article
10 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS 29

10.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Parties 29

10.2 Representations
and Warranties of Ligado 30

10.3 Covenants
of the Parties 32

10.4 Covenants
of Ligado 32

10.5 Intellectual
Property Rights 34

10.6 Security
Interest 34

Article
11 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 34

11.1 EXCLUSION
OF INDIRECT DAMAGES 34

11.2 LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY 35

Article
12 INDEMNIFICATION 35

12.1 Indemnification
of Ligado 35

12.2 Indemnification
of SpectrumCo 35

12.3 Indemnification
Procedures 36

Article
13 MISCELLANEOUS 36

13.1 Governing
Law 36

13.2 Dispute
Resolution 36

13.3 Venue 37

13.4 Waiver
of Jury Trial 37

13.5 Notices 37

13.6 Publicity 37

13.7 Assignment 38

13.8 Further
Assurances 38

13.9 Force
Majeure 38

13.10 Entire
Agreement 38

13.11 No
Joint Venture or Agency 39

13.12 Amendments
and Waivers 39

13.13 Severability 39

13.14 Headings 39

13.15 Specific
Performance 39

13.16 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries 39

13.17 Counterparts 39

13.18 Survival 39

13.19 SpectrumCo
Usage Right Continuation 40

Article
14 FINANCING SOURCES 40

14.1 Consent
to Security Interest 40

14.2 Notice
of Event of Default 40

14.3 Right
to Cure 41

14.4 Step-In
Rights 41

14.5 Waiver
of Claims against Financing Sources 42

ii

Strategic
Collaboration and Spectrum Usage Agreement

This
Strategic Collaboration and Spectrum Usage Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into as of March 22, 2025,
by and between Ligado Networks LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having offices at 10802 Parkridge Boulevard, Reston, Virginia
20191 (Ligado), and Spectrum USA I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having offices at AST Midland
International Air & Space Port, 2901 Enterprise Lane, Midland, Texas 79706 (SpectrumCo). Ligado and SpectrumCo
are each identified as a Party and together as the Parties to this Agreement.

RECITALS

A. WHEREAS,
Ligado is authorized by the FCC (defined below) and ISED (defined below) to use the 1626.5-1660.5 MHz (uplink) and 1525-1559 MHz (downlink)
L-band frequency segments within the United States and Canada for mobile satellite services (MSS), respectively,
consistent with United States and Canadian ITU (as defined below) filings;

B. WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement (defined below), Ligado has fully coordinated the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum (defined below) and
agreed to certain parameters with Viasat and Inmarsat relating to its use of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum;

C. WHEREAS,
pursuant to the other Ligado Coordination Agreements (defined below), Ligado has coordinated the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum with other
Ligado Coordination Partners;

D. WHEREAS,
the Parties have entered into the Binding Terms of Strategic Collaboration dated January 5, 2025 (the Binding Term Sheet),
setting forth the Parties agreement to a series of transactions whereby, among other things, and as described in further detail
therein, Ligado will grant to SpectrumCo certain rights to use and receive many of the economic benefits of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum,
subject to the provisions, conditions, and limitations of the Cooperation Agreement (defined below) and Ligados FCC and ISED authorizations
and regulatory requirements, in exchange for SpectrumCo providing certain payments and contributions to Ligado and agreeing to collaborate
on plans to commercialize the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum;

E. WHEREAS,
Ligado and SpectrumCo have articulated good, sufficient, and sound business justification for SpectrumCos right to retain all
rights to use the SpectrumCo Usage Right, notwithstanding any purported rejection of this Agreement under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy
Code. Namely, among other things, (a) this right was negotiated by Ligado, SpectrumCo, and their respective advisors at arms-length
and in good faith, (b) is necessary to ensure that SpectrumCo will receive the benefits of its bargain under this Agreement, and (c)
is fair, reasonable, and appropriate in light of SpectrumCos substantial investment in reliance on the SpectrumCo Usage Right,
including providing certain payments and contributions to Ligado and agreeing to collaborate on plans to commercialize the Ligado L-band
MSS Spectrum and substantial expenditures for technology and regulatory compliance necessary to utilize the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum;
and

1

F. WHEREAS,
the Parties now desire to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements (defined below) to definitively memorialize
the terms of, and replace and supersede, the Binding Term Sheet.

NOW
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises made herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which the Parties acknowledge, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Article
1

Definitions; Interpretations; and Order of Precedence

1.1
Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Framework
Agreement (as defined below). The following capitalized terms shall have the meanings provided below.

Affiliate
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person (including directors and officers of such Person) directly or indirectly Controlling,
Controlled by, or under direct or indirect common Control with such Person.

Android
Seller shall mean any company that designs, manufactures and markets mobile devices that utilize the Linux-based mobile
operating system known as Android, including Google LLC and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.

Apple
shall mean Apple Inc., the multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, which designs, manufactures and markets
the iPhone mobile device and sells a variety of related services.

ATC
shall mean an ancillary terrestrial component of an MSS system.

ATC
Deployment shall mean the construction and deployment of an ATC network and service.

ATC
Revenue shall mean, with respect to any Revenue Reporting Period, the revenue of Ligado and its Affiliates derived from
its ATC business for such Revenue Reporting Period, calculated in accordance with the ATC Revenue Accounting Principles.

ATC
Revenue Accounting Principles shall mean the accounting principles, practices, procedures, policies and methods set forth
in Exhibit 1 (ATC Revenue Accounting Principles).

ATC
Revenue Report shall mean, with respect to a Revenue Reporting Period, a written report prepared by Ligado that sets forth,
with reasonable detail, the calculation of the ATC Revenue for such Revenue Reporting Period.

ATC
Revenue Share Amount shall mean, with respect to any Revenue Reporting Period, seventeen and one-half percent (17.5%)
of ATC Revenue for such Revenue Reporting Period.

2

Bankruptcy
Court shall mean the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware before which the chapter 11 cases of
Ligado and its debtor affiliates are pending as of the date of this Agreement.

Business
Day shall mean a day, except a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which any of the SEC, commercial banks in New York,
New York or the Department of State of Delaware are not open for the general transaction of business.

CCI
Usage Rights Agreement shall mean the Spectrum Usage Rights Agreement between One Dot Six LLC, a subsidiary of Ligado,
and AST & Science, LLC, which shall be executed concurrently with this Agreement and the Framework Agreement.

Communications
Act shall mean the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and any successor statute of the United States.

Confidential
Information means, with respect to a Disclosing Party or its Affiliates, information in any form (whether written, electronic,
graphic, oral or otherwise), including all technical information and schedules, provided by or related to the Disclosing Party or its
Affiliates or Representatives to the Receiving Party or its Affiliates or Representatives that (a) was marked confidential (or a similar
designation) or was stated to be confidential at the time of disclosure; (b) would reasonably be understood by the Receiving Party to
be confidential or proprietary to the Disclosing Party; or (c) is of a type of information identified in this Agreement as the Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party, including, in any event, the terms and conditions of this Agreement and information relating to
discussions and negotiations with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include
information that (i) is publicly known at the time of disclosure or becomes publicly known after disclosure through no wrongful act or
breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party or its Affiliates or Representatives; (ii) is shown to have been already in the possession
of the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure without reference to the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information; (iii) is
rightfully and lawfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a third party without any confidentiality obligation, directly or indirectly,
to the Disclosing Party or its Affiliates; or (iv) is independently developed by or for the Receiving Party without reference to or use
of the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information.

Control,
Controlling, or Controlled shall mean that the controlling party directly or
indirectly has the beneficial ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the stock or other equity interests entitled to vote for
the election of directors or an equivalent governing body, or otherwise has the power to direct or cause the direction of the general
management of the controlled entity. An entity is an Affiliate only so long as such control exists.

Cooperation
Agreement shall mean the Amended and Restated Cooperation Agreement, dated August 6, 2010, by and among LightSquared L.P.
(as predecessor to Ligado), SkyTerra (Canada) Inc. (as predecessor to Ligado Networks (Canada) Inc., an Affiliate of Ligado), LightSquared,
Inc. (whose obligations were assumed by LightSquared L.P. prior to it being reorganized as Ligado), and Inmarsat Global Limited, as amended
or supplemented, which is subject to the Quadrilateral Coordination Agreement.

3

Cooperation
Agreement Fee shall mean the quarterly fees that Ligado must pay to Viasat under the Cooperation Agreement for a given
year, including any applicable interest or other lawful adjustments accrued as of the date that the applicable SpectrumCo Usage Right
Payment is made by SpectrumCo to Ligado in accordance with Section 3.1.1 of this Agreement, but not including any interest or penalty
accrued on the portion of the Cooperation Agreement Fee that corresponds to such SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment after the date such SpectrumCo
Usage Right Payment is made by SpectrumCo.

DUO
Payments shall have the meaning given to it in the Framework Agreement.

Effective
Date shall be the date that the Bankruptcy Court enters the AST Definitive Agreements Order (as defined in the RSA) in
form and substance consistent with the RSA and acceptable in all respects to AST Parent.

Escrow
Agent means the Person appointed to serve as escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement.

FCC
shall mean the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, and any successor agency of the U.S. government exercising substantially equivalent
powers.

Final
Order shall mean, as applicable, an order or judgment of the Bankruptcy Court or other court of competent jurisdiction
with respect to the relevant subject matter, which has not been reversed, stayed, modified, or amended, and as to which (a) the time
to appeal, seek certiorari, or move for a new trial, re-argument, or rehearing has expired and no appeal, petition for certiorari, or
motion for a new trial, re-argument, or rehearing has been timely filed, or (b) any appeal, petition for certiorari, or motion for a
new trial, re-argument, or rehearing that has been or may be filed has been resolved by the highest court to which the order or judgment
was appealed, petitioned, or moved.

Financial
Reports shall mean the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment Reports, the SpectrumCo Net Revenue Reports and the ATC Revenue
Reports.

Financing
Sources shall mean the Persons that have entered into any commitment letter, engagement letter, credit agreement, underwriting
agreement, purchase agreement, indenture or other agreement with SpectrumCo or any of its Affiliates, or are acting as arrangers, bookrunners,
underwriters, initial purchasers, placement agents, administrative agents, collateral agents, trustees or similar roles in connection
with any third-party financing provided to SpectrumCo or any of its Affiliates, together with each such Persons Affiliates and
the respective representatives, agents, designees, assignees and successors of each of the foregoing Persons (in such capacities).

Framework
Agreement shall mean the Framework Agreement by and among Ligado, SpectrumCo, AST SpaceMobile, Inc. and AST & Science,
LLC, which shall be executed concurrently with this Agreement and the CCI Usage Rights Agreement.

GEO
shall mean geostationary Earth orbit.

Governmental
Authority shall mean the FCC, ISED, the U.S. government, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether
federal, state, provincial, territorial, local, or otherwise, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central
bank, or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory, or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining
to government in any jurisdiction (including any supra national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

4

Half
Year shall mean, with respect to any calendar year, (a) the period beginning on January 1 and ending on June 30 in such
calendar year or (b) the period beginning on July 1 and ending on December 31 in such calendar year.

Independent
Accountant shall mean an independent certified public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing designated jointly
by Ligado and SpectrumCo; provided, that if Ligado and SpectrumCo are unable to agree on such a firm, they shall each nominate
such a firm, and the two firms so nominated shall nominate a third such firm, with such third firm to serve as the Independent Accountant;
provided, further, that if such a firm is designated the Independent Accountant any time pursuant to this Agreement, such firm
shall continue as the Independent Accountant for all purposes hereunder until such time that such firm is no longer an independent certified
public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing.

Inmarsat
shall mean Inmarsat Global Limited, a subsidiary of Viasat; provided, that as used herein and in the other Transaction Agreements, Inmarsat
shall include Viasat and Viasat shall include Inmarsat.

Inmarsat
Litigation shall mean the adversary proceeding pending before the Supreme Court for the State of New York, County of New
York, captioned Ligado Networks LLC and Ligado Networks (Canada) Inc. v. Inmarsat Global Limited, under Index No. 651526/2025
and any other current or future litigation that includes substantially similar claims against Inmarsat or any of its Affiliates..

Intellectual
Property Rights shall mean all intellectual property and similar proprietary rights of any kind, anywhere in the world,
whether registered or unregistered, including (a) patents and patent applications, utility models, industrial designs and design patent
rights, including any continuations, divisionals, continuations-in-part and provisional applications and statutory invention registrations,
and any patents issuing on any of the foregoing and any reissues, reexaminations, substitutes, supplementary protection certificates,
extensions of any of the foregoing; and (b) copyrights, works of authorship, data, database and design rights, mask work rights and moral
rights, whether or not registered or published, and all registrations, applications, renewals, extensions and reversions of any of any
of the foregoing, but excluding any trademarks.

ISED
shall mean the Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada or any successor governmental entity of Canada thereto performing
functions similar to those performed by the Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada.

ITU
shall mean the International Telecommunications Union.

L-band
shall mean the frequencies 1525-1544/1545-1559 MHz and 1626.5-1645.5/1646.5-1660.5 MHz.

LEO
shall mean low Earth orbit.

5

Ligado
ATC Deployment Right shall mean, with respect to the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum, Ligados right to engage in ATC
Deployment on its own or together with Ligados future partners within the following frequency bands: (i) 1526-1536 MHz; (ii) 1627.5-1637.5
MHz; and (iii) 1646.5-1656.5 MHz.

Ligado
Call Option shall mean that certain option held by Ligado under the Cooperation Agreement, whereby Ligado has the option
to purchase (and thereby permanently satisfy and discharge) all remaining deferred and future payment obligations to Inmarsat under the
Cooperation Agreement.

Ligado
Coordination Agreement shall mean each agreement between Ligado or any of its Affiliates (on the one hand) and any other
Person(s) (on the other hand) related to the coordination or parameters of use of any L-band spectrum within the frequency ranges covered
by the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum, including the agreements identified in Exhibit 2 (Ligado Coordination Agreements and Partners).

Ligado
Coordination Partner shall mean any Person with which Ligado or any of its Affiliates has coordinated the use of L-band
spectrum within the frequency ranges covered by the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum pursuant to a Ligado Coordination Agreement, including
the parties identified in Exhibit 2 (Ligado Coordination Agreements and Partners).

Ligado
GEO Satellites shall mean the SkyTerra 1 Satellite and any replacement or follow-on satellite thereto, including any satellite
launched pursuant to Exhibit 3 (Future GEO Plan).

Ligado
L-band Licenses shall mean Ligados FCC and ISED licenses and ITU filings for the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum.

Ligado
L-band MSS Assets shall mean the Ligado GEO Satellites, Ligados ground station assets, and other Ligado MSS assets,
as set forth in Schedule 3 (Ligado L-band MSS Assets) hereto.

Ligado
L-band MSS Spectrum shall mean the fully coordinated L-band MSS spectrum Ligado has access to pursuant to the Ligado L-band
Licenses and the Cooperation Agreement.

MHz
shall mean megahertz.

NGSO
shall mean non-geostationary Earth orbit.

NGSO
Power Levels shall mean the necessary power levels for operation of the SpectrumCo NGSO System, as detailed in Exhibit
4 (Power Levels for SpectrumCo NGSO System).

Notice
of Event of Default shall mean any written notice provided to Ligado by the Financing Sources that an event of default,
under and as defined in one or more of the Finance Documents, has occurred and is continuing.

Parent
Group shall have the meaning given to it in the Framework Agreement.

[***]

6

Person
shall mean any natural person or any company, partnership, joint venture, firm, corporation, voluntary association, trust, enterprise,
unincorporated organization or other corporate body or any other entity whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity.

Plan
Confirmation Date shall mean the date on which the Bankruptcy Court enters the Confirmation Order (as defined in the RSA).

Plan
Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the RSA.

Quadrilateral
Coordination Agreement shall mean the Quadrilateral Coordination Agreement, dated January 27, 2017, by and between Ligado,
Inmarsat, and Telecomunicaciones de Mexico.

Related
Participants shall mean all Persons (other than the Parties and any Third Parties) in direct or indirect contractual privity
with or having a beneficial interest in either Party to the extent acting directly or indirectly to perform this Agreement, including
contractors, subcontractors at any tier (and suppliers of any kind).

Relevant
Mobile Devices shall mean standard, off-the-shelf mobile devices with the capability of using the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum.

Representative
shall mean with respect to any Person, its directors, managers, officers or other employees, Affiliates, or any investment banker, attorney
or other agent or representative retained by, or on behalf of, such Person.

Revenue
Reporting Period shall mean (a) the period beginning on the date hereof through December 31, 2025, (b) each Half Year
that begins on or after January 1, 2026 and ends before the date on which this Agreement is terminated, and (c) the period beginning
on January 1 of the calendar year in which this Agreement is terminated (if this Agreement is terminated prior to July 1 in such calendar
year) or July 1 of the calendar year in which this Agreement is terminated (if this Agreement is terminated on or after July 1 in such
calendar year) through the date on which this Agreement is terminated.

RSA
shall mean the Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2025, by and among Ligado, certain of its subsidiaries listed
on the signature page thereto, AST & Science, LLC and the other parties thereto.

SkyTerra
1 Satellite shall mean the Ligado-owned and Boeing-manufactured satellite identified as SkyTerra 1.

SpectrumCo
Contribution shall mean the DUO Payments, each SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment and each SpectrumCo Net Revenue Share Amount.

7

SpectrumCo
L-band Net Revenue shall mean, with respect to any applicable Revenue Reporting Period, the consolidated net revenue of
AST Parent and its subsidiaries derived from the AST Parents and its subsidiaries usage of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum
for NGSO operation in the United States of America, Canada, and Mexico for the provision of NGSO services the United States of America,
Canada, and Mexico during such period, calculated in accordance with the SpectrumCo Net Revenue Accounting Principles.

SpectrumCo
Net Revenue Accounting Principles shall mean the accounting principles, practices, procedures, policies and methods set
forth in Exhibit 5 (SpectrumCo Net Revenue Accounting Principles).

SpectrumCo
Net Revenue Report shall mean, with respect to a Revenue Reporting Period, a written report that sets forth, with reasonable
detail, the calculation of each of the SpectrumCo L-band Net Revenue and (solely if the Approval Condition has been satisfied prior to
the beginning of such Revenue Reporting Period) SpectrumCo North America Net Revenue for such Revenue Reporting Period.

SpectrumCo
Net Revenue Share Amount shall mean, with respect to any Revenue Reporting Period, the greater of the following:

(a) The amount equal to:

(i) If
the Approval Condition has not been satisfied before the beginning of such Revenue Reporting
Period, seventeen and one-half percent (17.5%) of SpectrumCo L-band Net Revenue for such
Revenue Reporting Period; or

(ii) If
the Approval Condition has been satisfied before the beginning of such Revenue Reporting
Period, the greater of: (A) seventeen and one-half percent (17.5%) of SpectrumCo L-band Net
Revenue for such Revenue Reporting Period; and (B)(1) if the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum has
been adopted for use in Relevant Mobile Devices marketed by Apple and any Android Seller
as of the beginning of such Revenue Reporting Period, five percent (5%) of the SpectrumCo
North America Net Revenue for such Revenue Reporting Period, (2) if the Ligado L-band MSS
Spectrum has been adopted for use in Relevant Mobile Devices marketed by either (but not
both) Apple or any Android Seller as of the beginning of such Revenue Reporting Period, then
two and one-half percent (2.5%) of SpectrumCo North America Net Revenue for such Revenue
Reporting Period and (3) if the Ligado MSS L-band Spectrum has not been adopted for use in
Relevant Mobile Devices marketed by Apple or any Android Seller as of the beginning of such
Revenue Reporting Period, zero dollars ($0); and

(b) Three
million dollars ($3,000,000) as multiplied by the number of days in the relevant Revenue
Reporting Period and divided by 365 (and, in the case of a leap year, 366).

SpectrumCo
North America Net Revenue shall mean, with respect to any applicable Revenue Reporting Period, the consolidated net revenue
of SpectrumCo and its subsidiaries derived from the Parent Groups operations in the United States of America, Canada and Mexico
during such Revenue Reporting Period (excluding any revenue generated by non-communication government application that are not utilizing
the Ligado L-Band MSS Spectrum), calculated in accordance with the SpectrumCo Net Revenue Accounting Principles.

8

SpectrumCo
Usage Right Payment Report shall mean, with respect to a calendar year, a written report that sets forth, with reasonable
detail, the calculation of the Cooperation Agreement Fee for such calendar year together with the resulting calculation of the SpectrumCo
Usage Right Payment and Usage Right Payment Premium for such calendar year.

Step-In
Period shall mean the period from the Step-In Date up to and including the Step-Out Date.

Takings
Litigation shall mean the case in the U.S. Federal Court of Claims under the caption Ligado Networks LLC v. USA
(Case No. 23-cv-01797-EJD).

Third
Party or Third Parties shall mean any Person or Persons other than Ligado, SpectrumCo, and
their respective Affiliates and Related Participants.

Transaction
Agreements shall mean this Agreement, the Framework Agreement and the CCI Spectrum Usage Agreement, the Warrant and the
Governance Letter Agreement, each of which is to be executed simultaneously.

Uncommitted
Capacity shall mean the Ligado GEO Capacity that has not been committed to a Third Party under a Commercial Agreement
from time to time.

Usage
Right Payment Premium shall mean the excess, if any, of (a) the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment due from SpectrumCo to
Ligado for a particular year over (b) the actual Cooperation Agreement Fee due from Ligado to Inmarsat for that year, to the extent such
Cooperation Agreement Fee is lower. (For example, (i) if the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment is $80,000,000 for a particular year and
the Cooperation Agreement Fee for the same year is $60,000,000, then the Usage Right Payment Premium shall be $20,000,000 and (ii) if
the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment for a particular is equal to the Cooperation Agreement Fee for the same year, then the Usage Right
Payment Premium shall be $0.)

Viasat
shall mean Viasat, Inc.

1.2
Additional Definitions.

Term Section

Adverse
Impact Determination 7.2.4

Affiliate 1.1

Agreement Preamble

Android
Seller 1.1

Anti-Bribery
Laws 10.1.5

Apple 1.1

Approval
Condition Failure 2.1.2(d)(ii)

ATC 1.1

9

ATC
Deployment 1.1

ATC
Revenue 1.1

ATC
Revenue Accounting Principles 1.1

ATC
Revenue Report 1.1

ATC
Revenue Share Amount 1.1

Bankruptcy
Court 1.1

Binding
Term Sheet Recitals

Business
Day 1.1

CCI
Usage Rights Agreement 1.1

Claim 12.1

Communications
Act 1.1

Confidential
Information 1.1

Control 1.1

Controlled 1.1

Controlling 1.1

Cooperation
Agreement 1.1

Cooperation
Agreement Fee 1.1

Disclosing
Party 9.1

DUO
Payments 1.1

Effective
Date 1.1

Escrow
Agent 1.1

Existing
Commercial Agreements 2.1.1(b)

FCC 1.1

Final
SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment 8.1.1

Finance
Documents 14.1.2

Financial
Reports 1.1

Financing
Sources 1.1

Force
Majeure Event 13.9

Framework
Agreement 1.1

GEO 1.1

Governmental
Authority 1.1

Half
Year 1.1

Indemnitee 12.3

Indemnitor 12.3

Independent
Accountant 1.1

Initial
Term 7.1.1

Inmarsat 1.1

Inmarsat
Litigation 1.1

Intellectual
Property Rights 1.1

ISED 1.1

ITU 1.1

L-band 1.1

L-band
Commercialization Plan 2.2.1

LEO 1.1

Ligado Preamble

Ligado
ATC Deployment Right 1.1

10

Ligado
Call Option 1.1

Ligado
Coordination Agreement 1.1

Ligado
Coordination Partner 1.1

Ligado
GEO Capacity 2.1.1(a)

Ligado
GEO Satellites 1.1

Ligado
Indemnitee 12.1

Ligado
L-band Licenses 1.1

Ligado
L-band MSS Assets 1.1

Ligado
L-band MSS Spectrum 1.1

[***] 2.1.1(a)

Losses 12.1

MHz 1.1

MSS Recitals

N&A 14.1.1

NGSO 1.1

NGSO
Power Levels 1.1

NGSO
Regulatory Applications 2.1.2

NGSO
Regulatory Approvals 2.1.2

Notice
of Disagreement 8.3.2(a)

Notice
of Event of Default 1.1

Option
Expiration Date 4.1.2

Parent
Group 1.1

[***] 1.1

Parties Preamble

Party Preamble

Person 1.1

Plan
Confirmation Date 1.1,
1.1

Quadrilateral
Coordination Agreement 1.1

Receiving
Party 9.1

Related
Participants 1.1

Revenue
Reporting Period 1.1

RSA 1.1

Sales
Taxes 8.6

Sanctions
and Export Control Laws 10.1.5

Security
Documents 14.1.1

Security
Interest 14.1.1

SkyTerra
1 Satellite 1.1

SpectrumCo Preamble

SpectrumCo
Call Option 4.1.1

SpectrumCo
Call Option Notice 4.1.1

SpectrumCo
Call Option Price 4.1.1

SpectrumCo
Contribution 1.1

SpectrumCo
GEO Capacity Notice 2.1.1(a)

SpectrumCo
GEO Usage Right 2.1.1(a)

SpectrumCo
Indemnitee 12.2

SpectrumCo
L-band Net Revenue 1.1

11

SpectrumCo
Net Revenue Accounting Principles 1.1

SpectrumCo
Net Revenue Report 1.1

SpectrumCo
Net Revenue Share Amount 1.1

SpectrumCo
NGSO System 2.1.2

SpectrumCo
North America Net Revenue 1.1

SpectrumCo
Security Interest 10.6.1

SpectrumCo
Usage Right 2.1

SpectrumCo
Usage Right Payment 3.1.1

SpectrumCo
Usage Right Payment Report 1.1

Steering
Committee 6.1.1

Step-In
Period 1.1

Takings
Litigation 1.1

Term 7.1.2

Third
Parties 1.1

Third
Party 1.1

Transaction
Agreements 1.1

True-Up
Payment 3.1.2

Uncommitted
Capacity 1.1

Usage
Right Payment Premium 1.1

Viasat 1.1

1.3
Interpretation. Unless the context requires otherwise: (a) a reference to this Agreement refers to this Agreement
as a whole, including all Schedules and Exhibits hereto, and the words herein, hereof, hereunder,
and hereto and words of similar import refer to this Agreement and its Schedules and Exhibits as a whole and not to any
particular Section, Schedule or Exhibit, or any other subdivision; (b) a reference to a Party, Article, Section, Schedule or Exhibit
is a reference to that Article, Section, or Exhibit of, or that Party or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise specified; (c)
a reference to any legal instrument, treaty, convention, national law, regulation, rule, or other law of any nature in this Agreement
shall include any amendment, variation, supplement, or re-enactment of the same from time to time in force; (d) words importing the singular
include the plural and vice versa and the masculine, feminine, and neuter genders include all genders; (e) a reference to a Person includes
that Persons successors and permitted assigns; (f) the word including and words of similar import shall mean including
without limitation unless otherwise specified; (g) if a term is defined as one part of speech (such as a noun), it shall have
a corresponding meaning when used as another part of speech (such as a verb); (h) the word extent and the phrase to
the extent mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such word or phrase shall not simply mean if;
(i) references to $ and dollars are to the currency of the United States of America; (j) any dollar or percentage
thresholds set forth herein shall not be used as a benchmark for the determination of what is or is not material under
this Agreement; (k) references from or through any date mean from and including or through and including, respectively; (l) whenever
this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified; (m) whenever
any action must be taken hereunder on or by a day that is not a Business Day, then such action may be validly taken on or by the next
day that is a Business Day; (n) unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, when calculating the period of time within which, or following
which, any action is to be taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference day in calculating such period shall be excluded;
(o) the Parties agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore,
waive the application of any law, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document shall
be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document; (p) the word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive;
and (q) each reference in this Agreement to any agreement, instrument, deed or other document, shall be deemed to be a reference to such
agreement, instrument, deed or document, as the case may be, as the same may be amended, supplemented, novated, replaced or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

12

1.4
Order of Precedence. In the event of any conflict between the Articles of this Agreement and any Exhibit of or Schedule to this
Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

Article
2

SpectrumCo Usage Right and SPECTRUMCO L-Band Commercialization Plan

2.1
Ligado Grant of SpectrumCo Usage Right. Beginning on the Effective Date, in consideration for SpectrumCos payment
of SpectrumCo Usage Right Payments and SpectrumCo Contributions, Ligado shall grant to SpectrumCo the exclusive right to use the Ligado
L-band MSS Spectrum and the Ligado L-band MSS Assets, subject to SpectrumCos observance of the measures and actions deemed necessary
by Ligado to remain in compliance in all material respects with the Ligado L-band Licenses and the applicable terms, conditions, limitations,
operational requirements, and technical requirements set forth in this Agreement, which include those required to ensure Ligado remains
in compliance with the Ligado L-band Licenses and the Cooperation Agreement, in each case, to the extent set forth in Exhibit 6 (L-band
Technical Requirements) (the SpectrumCo Usage Right). In connection with the grant of the SpectrumCo
Usage Right, Ligado shall provide, and SpectrumCo shall receive, many of the economic benefit of substantially all of the Ligado L-band
MSS Spectrum and Ligado L-band MSS Assets, in accordance with the following provisions:

2.1.1
SpectrumCo GEO Usage.

(a) Beginning
on the Effective Date, Ligado shall grant to SpectrumCo the exclusive right to use any or all of the Uncommitted Capacity (the SpectrumCo
GEO Usage Right). SpectrumCo shall provide a written notice to Ligado for any capacity on the Ligado GEO Satellites and
related Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum and Ligado L-band MSS Assets (Ligado GEO Capacity) that SpectrumCo seeks
to use including SpectrumCos technical and operational requirements relating to SpectrumCos intended use of such Ligado
GEO Capacity (each, a SpectrumCo GEO Capacity Notice). To the extent such Ligado GEO Capacity is Uncommitted
Capacity, within sixty (60) days after receiving such SpectrumCo GEO Capacity Notice, Ligado shall provide such Uncommitted Capacity
to SpectrumCo at no additional charge. If Ligado is able to provide access to the requested capacity specified in a SpectrumCo GEO Capacity
Notice from Uncommitted Capacity, Ligado shall not be required to issue a termination notice pursuant to Section 2.1.1(b), Ligado
shall provide notice to SpectrumCo when all Uncommitted Capacity has been fully utilized by SpectrumCo. Notwithstanding the grant of
the SpectrumCo GEO Usage Right, to the extent and for as long as necessary to protect Ligados interest in the Takings Litigation
and consistent with Ligados regulatory requirements, Ligado shall at all times retain ownership and ultimate control of the Ligado
GEO Satellites, Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum, Ligado GEO Capacity, Ligado L-band MSS Assets, and Ligado L-band Licenses, which ownership
and control shall be exercised consistent with Ligados regulatory obligations and in a manner that does not adversely affect in
any material respect the SpectrumCo Usage Right or SpectrumCos intended use thereof within the limits of all such measures deemed
reasonably necessary to preserve the Ligado GEO Satellites, Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum, Ligado L-band MSS Assets, and Ligado L-band Licenses.

13

(b)
SpectrumCo acknowledges that, as of the Effective Date, the Ligado GEO Capacity is subject to the existing commercial agreements between
Ligado and Third Parties as set forth in Exhibit 7 (Existing Commercial Agreements) (the Existing Commercial Agreements)
and may enter into additional commercial agreements pursuant to Section 2.1.1(c) (together with the Existing Commercial Agreements,
the Commercial Agreements). [***]

(c)
[***]

(d)
[***]

(e) Ligado
shall (i) keep all Ligado L-band MSS Assets in good working order, and (ii) regularly maintain and repair the Ligado L-band MSS Assets
in accordance with customary and usual business practices in the satellite industry and subject to Exhibit 3 (Future GEO Plan).

2.1.2
SpectrumCo NGSO System and Regulatory Approvals. SpectrumCo intends to design, develop, procure, own, and operate an NGSO satellite
system that will be licensed to SpectrumCo and that will utilize the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum pursuant to the SpectrumCo Usage Right
(the SpectrumCo NGSO System). Ligado and SpectrumCo shall collaborate on the design and specifications of
the SpectrumCo NGSO System (with SpectrumCo having as much discretion over such design and specifications as may be deemed appropriate
by the Parties (acting in good faith) in order to comply with applicable regulatory requirements). With regard to the launch and operation
of the SpectrumCo NGSO System, Ligado and SpectrumCo shall also collaborate with the goals of: (i) having Ligado or SpectrumCo (as appropriate)
file any necessary applications, including any necessary waivers, with the FCC, ISED, and any other relevant Governmental Authorities
to amend and/or modify the Ligado L-band Licenses or secure additional and/or new authorizations in order to authorize the launch and
operation of the SpectrumCo NGSO System (the NGSO Regulatory Applications), [***]. The Parties
obligations under this Section shall be carried out in accordance with the following terms:

(a)
[***]

(b) Cooperation
on NGSO Regulatory Applications. Ligado and/or SpectrumCo, as appropriate based on regulatory considerations agreed upon by the Parties,
shall file any necessary NGSO Regulatory Applications within three (3) months, but in no event more than six (6) months, after the Effective
Date. In connection with the preparation and submission of any NGSO Regulatory Application, the Parties shall: (i) cooperate to prepare
and draft any forms or other documents required to submit any such NGSO Regulatory Application; (ii) after submission of any NGSO Regulatory
Application, keep the other Party and its counsel informed of any communication received from, or given to, the FCC, ISED, or any other
applicable Governmental Authority relating to such NGSO Regulatory Applications (and provide a copy to the other Party if such communication
is in writing); (iii) reasonably consult with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with the FCC, ISED, or any other applicable
Governmental Authority and give the other Party or its counsel the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings and conferences;
and (iv) permit the other Party or its counsel to review in advance, and in good faith consider the views of the other Party or its counsel
concerning, any submission, filing, or communication intended to be given to the FCC, ISED, or any other applicable Governmental Authority
relating to any such NGSO Regulatory Application.

14

(c)
SpectrumCo NGSO System and NGSO Regulatory Application Costs. SpectrumCo shall bear all costs associated with the SpectrumCo NGSO
System, filing the NGSO Regulatory Applications, and obtaining the NGSO Regulatory Approvals, including, upon the submission of a written
request therefor by Ligado, reimbursing Ligado for all reasonable and documented costs for any legal professionals and/or technical consultants
retained by Ligado in connection with such process; provided that Ligado updates SpectrumCo of such costs on a regular (and no
less than monthly) basis [***].

(d) NGSO
Regulatory Approvals.

(i)
To the extent the Parties seek NGSO Regulatory Approvals, each Party shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that such NGSO Regulatory
Approvals are obtained as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date. The Parties further acknowledge and agree that control
over the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum for purposes of the SpectrumCo NGSO System shall be exercised consistent with ISED and FCC policy
and law, including relevant precedent with respect to licensee control factors. [***]

(ii) In
the event that: (A) Ligado does not submit or consent to SpectrumCos submission of any NGSO Regulatory Application to the FCC
requested by SpectrumCo within six (6) months after the date of this Agreement; (B) Ligado does not submit or consent to SpectrumCos
submission of any NGSO Regulatory Application to ISED requested by SpectrumCo within a reasonable time period after the date of this
Agreement; (C) the Parties fail to obtain the NGSO Regulatory Approvals within twenty-four (24) months after submission of the FCC NGSO
Regulatory Applications; or (D) within nine (9) months after receiving the FCC NGSO Regulatory Approvals, any U.S. governmental, legislative,
or other regulatory action, court order, or applicable law results in SpectrumCos use of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum at the
NGSO Power Levels being prohibited or materially adversely impacted (any of (A) (D) above, an Approval Condition
Failure), SpectrumCo shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 7.2.2.

15

2.1.3
[***]

2.1.4 Continuing
SpectrumCo GEO Usage Right. In the event of an Approval Condition Failure that is not due to SpectrumCos failure to use reasonable
best efforts to ensure that the Approval Condition is met, the Parties agree that SpectrumCo shall continue to have the SpectrumCo GEO
Usage Right, provided that (i) Article 3 shall continue to apply and (ii) the continued SpectrumCo GEO Usage Right shall
be subject to Ligados rights to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.2.

2.1.5
[***]

2.2
SpectrumCo L-band Commercialization Plan.

2.2.1 Within
thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, SpectrumCo shall deliver to Ligado a comprehensive business plan detailing how SpectrumCo will
commercialize the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum (the L-band Commercialization Plan), which shall address, among
other things, subject to applicable law: (a) go-to-market strategies; (b) build and deployment milestones, including timing
for service inauguration; (c) key target end markets for mobile wireless and fixed wireless customers; and (d) financial models that
project net revenues and profits (taking into account projected subscribership, average revenue per user, operating expenses, capital
expenditures, SpectrumCo Usage Right Payments, revenue share obligations with distribution partners, and revenue share obligations to
Ligado).

2.2.2 Ligado
shall review the L-band Commercialization Plan and either provide written comments to SpectrumCo (or confirm that it has no comments
on) the portions of the L-band Commercialization Plan that relate to SpectrumCos use of the Ligado GEO Satellites, in each case
within a reasonable time period (but in no event more than thirty (30) days) after SpectrumCo delivers the L-band Commercialization Plan
to Ligado.

16

2.2.3
If Ligado provides, pursuant to Section 2.2.2, written comments on the L-band Commercialization Plan, then SpectrumCo shall consider
such comments in good faith and consult with Ligado in connection with any issues raised by Ligado; provided that [***].

2.3
Resolution of Takings Litigation. Ligado shall notify SpectrumCo immediately following resolution (including settlement)
of the Takings Litigation. Upon SpectrumCos request at any time following such resolution, the Parties shall negotiate in good
faith the terms on which Ligados rights and assets related to its L-band operations, including the Ligado L-band MSS Assets, the
Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum, the Ligado L-band Licenses and Ligados rights under the Cooperation Agreement would be transferred
and assigned to SpectrumCo as soon as reasonably practicable, including the purchase price to be paid by SpectrumCo to Ligado to acquire
such rights and assets. Upon consummation of such a transfer and assignment, SpectrumCos obligations to pay the SpectrumCo Usage
Right Payments and SpectrumCo Net Revenue Share Amounts shall cease.

Article
3

SPECTRUMCO USAGE RIGHT AND SPECTRUMCO REVENUE SHARE AMOUNT PAYMENTS

3.1
SpectrumCo Usage Right Payments.

3.1.1 Beginning
on the Effective Date and for the Term (and subject further to Section 3.1.3 and Section 4.1), SpectrumCo shall pay, in
accordance with Section 8.1, to Ligado a usage-right payment (paid quarterly) in the amount that is, for each calendar year, the
greater of: (a) $80,000,000; and (b) the Cooperation Agreement Fee for such calendar year (such greater amount, the SpectrumCo
Usage Right Payment), in consideration for the SpectrumCo Usage Right. For the avoidance of doubt, the SpectrumCo Usage
Right Payment shall at all times be equal to or greater than one hundred percent (100%) of the Cooperation Agreement Fee owed by Ligado
to Inmarsat for the applicable calendar year, or pro rata portion thereof, pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, for a period of thirty-six (36) months beginning on the Effective Date, SpectrumCo may elect to pay all or any portion of
the Usage Right Payment Premium in shares of Class A Common Stock of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (such shares to be valued at the average of
the volume weighted averages of the trading price of the Class A Common Stock of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. on NASDAQ (as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. or, if not reported thereby, by another authoritative source mutually selected by SpectrumCo and Ligado in good faith) on each of
the thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day prior to the applicable payment date). Ligado further agrees
to execute and deliver to SpectrumCo any customary documentation and certificates (and provide any account-opening information) reasonably
requested by SpectrumCo or SpectrumCos transfer agent in order to implement the issuance of the Parent Common Stock.

17

3.1.2 SpectrumCo
shall be obligated: (a) to provide to Ligado, at least sixty (60) days prior to each Cooperation Agreement Fee becoming due to Inmarsat
(or, if such payment is due to Inmarsat within sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, as soon as reasonably practicable after the
Effective Date), with documentation showing that an amount equal to the applicable SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment or portion thereof
(excluding, prior to the Plan Confirmation Date, any Usage Right Payment Premium) corresponding to such Cooperation Agreement Fee is
held in an escrow account in accordance with an escrow agreement (the Escrow Agreement) to be negotiated
by the Parties after the Effective Date in accordance with the agreed principles set forth in Exhibit 9 hereto (Escrow Agreement Agreed
Principles); and (b) to ensure that such amount (excluding, prior to the Plan Confirmation Date, any Usage Right Payment Premium)
is paid to Ligado at least ten (10) days prior to such corresponding Cooperation Agreement Fee becomes due to Inmarsat. All accumulated
Usage Right Payment Premium amounts and any other portion of the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment incurred and remaining unpaid as of the
Plan Confirmation Date through January 1 of the following year (the True-Up Payment) shall become due and
payable by SpectrumCo to Ligado within forty-five (45) days after the Plan Confirmation Date. Any amounts deposited into the escrow account
by SpectrumCo pursuant to this Section 3.1.2 shall be free and clear of all liens and/or other security interests at the time
of deposit. No later than five (5) Business Days prior to such time that any amounts are due and payable by SpectrumCo to Ligado pursuant
to this Section 3.1.2, the Parties shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a joint written instruction in accordance with the Escrow
Agreement directing the Escrow Agent to disburse such amounts to Ligado (or, at Ligados election, to Inmarsat) on the date such
amounts will become due and payable hereunder or, to the extent the payment is being made directly to Inmarsat, on the date on which
the Cooperation Agreement Fee will become due and payable to Inmarsat. Nothing in this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
Section 3.1.1 or Section 8.1) shall require SpectrumCo to pay any amount with respect to any portion of any Cooperation
Agreement Fee incurred prior to the Effective Date, or to pay any Usage Right Payment Premium prior to the Plan Confirmation Date.

3.1.3 In
the event that, in any period during the Term, SpectrumCo is unable to exercise all or part of the SpectrumCo Usage Rights as a result
of any willful and intentional act or omission of Ligado or its Affiliates, then the Parties shall work together in good faith to negotiate
an adjustment to the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payments payable with respect to such period and any disputes regarding any such adjustment
shall be resolved in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions in Section 13.2.

3.2
SpectrumCo Net Revenue Share. For each Revenue Reporting Period, SpectrumCo shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Ligado an amount
in cash equal to the SpectrumCo Net Revenue Share Amount for each Revenue Reporting Period in accordance with Section 8.1.2.

18

Article
4

SPECTRUMCO CALL OPTION RIGHT

4.1
SpectrumCo Call Option Right.

4.1.1 SpectrumCo
shall have the option to direct Ligado, upon written notification to Ligado (the SpectrumCo Call Option Notice),
to exercise the Ligado Call Option (the SpectrumCo Call Option), in which case SpectrumCo shall be obligated
to make the payments in the amounts and on the terms described in the Cooperation Agreement with respect to such Ligado Call Option,
plus an amount equal to the cumulative Usage Right Payment Premium amounts that are payable by SpectrumCo throughout the Term,
as set forth in more detail in Exhibit 10 (Usage Right Payment Premium Amounts), minus the sum of all Usage Right Payment
Premium amounts previously paid by SpectrumCo (the SpectrumCo Call Option Price). The SpectrumCo Call Option
Notice shall include financial documentation showing that funds sufficient to pay the SpectrumCo Call Option Price are held in an escrow
account in accordance with the Escrow Agreement to provide evidence that SpectrumCo has the requisite funding to immediately pay the
SpectrumCo Call Option Price. Ligado shall exercise the Ligado Call Option in accordance with the Cooperation Agreement as soon as possible
after receipt of such financial documentation and in any event prior to the Option Expiration Date. Ligado shall immediately notify SpectrumCo
following such exercise of the Ligado Call Option and SpectrumCo shall pay the SpectrumCo Call Option Price to Ligado within fifteen
(15) Business Days following such exercise, which payment shall be made to the Ligado account identified in Schedule 1 (Places
of Payment) or to such other U.S. account as may be notified in writing by Ligado to SpectrumCo. Any amounts deposited into the escrow
account by SpectrumCo pursuant to this Section 4.1.1 shall be free and clear of all liens and/or other security interests at the
time of deposit. No later than five (5) Business Days prior to such time that any amounts are due and payable by SpectrumCo to Ligado
pursuant to this Section 4.1.1, the Parties shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a joint written instruction in accordance with the
Escrow Agreement directing the Escrow Agent to disburse such amounts to Ligado in accordance with this Section 4.1.1 on the date
such amounts are due hereunder.

4.1.2 SpectrumCos
right to exercise the SpectrumCo Call Option shall expire at 11:59 p.m., New York time, on October 15, 2025 (the Option
Expiration Date), provided that the Parties may agree to extend the Option Expiration Date if: (a) Ligado and Inmarsat
have agreed to extend the latest date by which Ligado is able to exercise the Ligado Call Option under the Cooperation Agreement or (b)
the Bankruptcy Court extends the latest date by which Ligado is able to exercise the Ligado Call Option under the Cooperation Agreement.
If SpectrumCo fails to exercise the SpectrumCo Call Option by the Option Expiration Date (as may be extended in accordance with this
Section 4.1), then SpectrumCo shall be deemed to have forfeited the SpectrumCo Call Option.

4.1.3 With
effect from exercise of the Ligado Call Option, SpectrumCos obligation to make the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payments shall cease.

4.1.4
In the event that Ligado exercises the Ligado Call Option pursuant to SpectrumCos exercise of the SpectrumCo Call Option, and
Inmarsat challenges or otherwise rejects Ligados exercise of the Ligado Call Option, Ligado shall not be in material breach
of this Article 4 for any failure to exercise or consummate the Ligado Call Option if Ligado has (i) used its reasonable best
efforts to consummate the Ligado Call Option (including taking customary measures to enforce the Ligado Call Option) and (ii)
returned the SpectrumCo Call Option Price to SpectrumCo; provided, that this shall not limit Ligados obligations under
this Article 4 in any respect.

19

4.1.5
Ligado shall be entitled to exercise the Ligado Call Option other than pursuant to Section 4.1.1; provided, that Ligado
shall be solely responsible for the payment required for any such exercise of the Ligado Call Option and, unless SpectrumCo otherwise
agrees in writing, such payment shall not form part of the Cooperation Agreement Fee.

Article
5

LIGADO ATC DEPLOYMENT RIGHT

5.1
ATC Deployment Right. Neither this Agreement nor any other Transaction Agreements shall be deemed to prohibit or in any way limit
Ligado from exercising the Ligado ATC Deployment Right, subject to the following:

5.1.1
ATC Deployment. Ligado may exercise the Ligado ATC Deployment Right at any time during the Term (or any renewal thereof) of this
Agreement; provided, that Ligado has retained the Ligado ATC Deployment Right following a final, non-appealable judgment, order
or settlement of the Takings Litigation. If Ligado decides to exercise the Ligado ATC Deployment Right, then Ligado shall promptly notify
SpectrumCo of such decision. Ligado shall then notify SpectrumCo of its ATC Deployment within three (3) days after such completion [***].

5.1.2
Notice of Ligado ATC Deployment Right. No later than six (6) months after a final, non-appealable judgment, order or settlement
of the Takings Litigation that results in Ligado retaining the Ligado ATC Deployment Right, Ligado will notify SpectrumCo of its decision
whether or not to exercise the Ligado ATC Deployment Right. [***].

5.1.3
ATC Revenue Share. In accordance with Section 8.2, for each Revenue Reporting Period, Ligado shall pay, or cause to be
paid, to SpectrumCo an amount in cash equal to the ATC Revenue Share Amount for such Revenue Reporting Period.

Article
6

Governance

6.1
Steering Committee.

6.1.1
Within five (5) days after the Effective Date, each Party shall appoint two (2) representatives of appropriate seniority and experience
to a steering committee with responsibility for: (a) acting as a first-level forum for discussing and seeking to resolve any disputes
related to this Agreement, including any operational or technical issues faced by a Party as a result of the other Partys use
of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum or Ligado L-band Assets but other than any disputes related to any Financial Report (which shall be
addressed according to the provisions of Section 8.3); (b) overseeing Ligados progress towards terminating any Commercial
Agreements pursuant to Section 2.1.1(b) and discussing any technical requirements or issues with transitioning any counterparties
using capacity on the Ligado GEO Satellites under any Commercial Agreement off such capacity; (c) discussing the status of the Takings
Litigation and the Inmarsat Litigation and the potential resolution of either of them (in a manner that preserves attorney-client privilege,
attorney work product protection or other legal privilege); and (d) the matters described
in Section 2.2, Section 2.3, and Sections 6.2 and any other matters agreed by the Parties (the Steering
Committee), in each case, subject to compliance with applicable law. Without each Partys prior written consent,
the steering committee shall not make any determination or take any action that is inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.

20

6.1.2
Each Partys representatives on the Steering Committee shall be authorized to make decisions on behalf of such Party with respect
to the day-to-day implementation and overall management of this Agreement (but not to amend this Agreement). Either Party may (i) within
five (5) Business Days after the nomination of Steering Committee representatives by the other Party, provide written notice to the other
Party to object to its nominated representatives on the Steering Committee if such nominated representatives do not reasonably have the
appropriate seniority, experience or authority to serve on the Steering Committee (and any disputes regarding nominated representatives
shall be resolved in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions in Section 13.2) and (ii) replace one or more of its representatives
on the Steering Committee at any time by written notice to the other Partys representatives; provided, that the Steering
Committee shall at all times be comprised of an equal number of Ligado and SpectrumCo representatives, unless otherwise agreed to by
the Parties in writing.

6.1.3
The Steering Committee shall meet at least once per quarter during the Term, unless otherwise agreed by both Parties. Meetings may be
held in person or via telephone or videoconference as may be agreed by the Steering Committee members. The Parties shall be jointly responsible
for convening meetings of the Steering Committee, agreeing the dates, times, and places of the meetings, and compiling and distributing
relevant information, agendas, and other similar materials in advance of each such meeting. Meetings shall be held on at least five (5)
Business Days notice, except where all members of the Steering Committee agree otherwise. In the event of an issue of a serious
nature arising in respect of any obligations relating to this Agreement, each Party shall have the right to convene an emergency meeting
of the Steering Committee on no less than forty-eight (48) hours notice to the members thereof. Each Party shall ensure that its
Steering Committee representatives (or their alternatives) are available at reasonable times and on reasonable notice in accordance with
this Section 6.1.3. Steering Committee meetings shall only be held if an equal number of representatives from each Party are in
attendance (including virtually), unless waived by the Party represented by fewer representatives.

6.2
[***]

21

Article
7

TERM AND TERMINATION

7.1
Term.

7.1.1
Initial Term. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and remain effective until: (a) the earlier of (i) December
31, 2035 and (ii) the date of termination or expiration of the Cooperation Agreement; or (b) this Agreement is terminated by either Party
in accordance with Section 7.2 (the Initial Term).

7.1.2
Renewal Term. Unless SpectrumCo elects to not renew this Agreement by providing written notice to Ligado at least three (3) months
prior to the end of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew after the expiration of the Initial Term and remain effective
until: (a) the later of (i) December 31, 2107 and (ii) the date of termination or expiration of the Cooperation Agreement; or (b) this
Agreement is terminated by either Party in accordance with Section 7.2 (together with the Initial Term, the Term).

7.1.3
Regulatory Approval. If SpectrumCo reasonably determines, in consultation with Ligado, that any notification, filing, consent
and/or other approval is required under the HSR Act and other applicable Antitrust Laws in connection with renewal of the Initial Term
under Section 7.1.2, each Party shall use reasonable best efforts to cooperate with each other and promptly prepare, file and
obtain, as applicable, any such notification, filing, consent and/or other approval.

7.2
Termination.

7.2.1
Termination for Material Breach. Either Party, provided that it is not currently in default of a material provision of
this Agreement, may terminate this Agreement in the event of a material breach of this Agreement by the other Party, upon written notice
of such material breach to the other Party if the other Party has not cured such material breach within forty five (45) days after receipt
of such written notice; provided, that if such material breach (i) is not related to a payment obligation of either of the Parties, (ii)
cannot reasonably be cured within a forty five (45) day period and (iii) the breaching Party promptly takes diligent actions to cure
the breach, then the cure period for such breach shall be extended to ninety (90) days.

22

7.2.2
Termination for Approval Condition Failure. SpectrumCo may terminate this Agreement in the event of an Approval Condition Failure
(provided, that a material breach by SpectrumCo of any provision of this Agreement is not a primary cause of such Approval Condition
Failure) by providing written notice (specifying in reasonable detail the basis for which SpectrumCo is terminating this Agreement pursuant
to an Approval Condition Failure) to Ligado within thirty (30) days after the occurrence of the Approval Condition Failure; provided,
that Ligado may (provided Ligado is acting reasonably and in good faith) dispute an SpectrumCo termination based on an Approval
Condition Failure by providing a written response (with sufficient details regarding the rationale for its dispute of the Approval Condition
Failure) to SpectrumCo within ten (10) Business Days after Ligados receipt of SpectrumCos notice of termination relating
to an Approval Condition Failure and, after receipt of such written response by SpectrumCo, the Parties shall discuss in good faith how
to resolve such dispute. If the Parties cannot resolve the dispute within thirty (30) days after SpectrumCos receipt of Ligados
written response, such dispute shall be resolved according to the dispute resolution provisions in Section 13.2.

7.2.3
Termination for Failure to Pay SpectrumCo Usage Payments and SpectrumCo Contribution. Ligado may terminate this Agreement immediately
upon written notice to SpectrumCo if SpectrumCo fails to timely pay any SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment or SpectrumCo Contribution within
forty-five (45) days after the applicable due date for such SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment or SpectrumCo Contribution as set forth in
this Agreement or the Framework Agreement, as applicable; provided Ligado has notified SpectrumCo that it has not received the
relevant payment during the forty-five (45) day period.

7.2.4
Termination for Adverse Resolution of Takings Litigation. In the event that any final resolution (including any final order or
settlement) of the Takings Litigation results in SpectrumCos intended exercise of the SpectrumCo Usage Right being materially
adversely impacted, [***] (such event, an Adverse Impact Determination), SpectrumCo may terminate
this Agreement by providing written notice (specifying in reasonable detail the basis for which SpectrumCo is terminating this Agreement
pursuant to such Adverse Impact Determination) to Ligado; provided, however, that Ligado may (provided that Ligado is acting
reasonably and in good faith) dispute a SpectrumCo termination based on an Adverse Impact Determination by providing a written response
(with sufficient details regarding the rationale for its dispute of the Adverse Impact Determination) to SpectrumCo within ten (10) days
after Ligados receipt of SpectrumCos notice of termination relating to an Adverse Impact Determination and, after receipt
of such written response by SpectrumCo, the Parties shall discuss in good faith how to resolve such dispute. If the Parties cannot resolve
the dispute within fifteen (15) days after SpectrumCos receipt of Ligados written response, such dispute shall be resolved
according to the dispute resolution provisions in Section 13.2. Upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to an Adverse Impact
Determination (whether due to Ligado not disputing SpectrumCos termination notice or following conclusion of the resolution of
the dispute resolution process in Section 13.2), Section 7.3(b) of the Framework Agreement shall apply.

23

7.2.5
Termination for Excessive Force Majeure. Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written
notice to the other Party if the other Party is prevented from carrying out any of its material obligations under this Agreement for
more than one hundred and eighty (180) days due to a Force Majeure Event.

7.2.6
Termination for Adverse Action with Respect to Licenses or MSS Assets.

(a)
Ligado may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to SpectrumCo in the event that SpectrumCo takes
any action with the effect of materially jeopardizing or harming the Ligado L-band Licenses or the Ligado L-band MSS Assets and fails
to remedy such action within ninety (90) days of SpectrumCos receipt of written notice thereof from Ligado.

(b)
SpectrumCo may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Ligado in the event that Ligado takes any
action with the effect of materially jeopardizing or harming SpectrumCos licenses from any Governmental Authority related to SpectrumCos
use of the Ligado L-band Spectrum or Ligado L-band MSS Assets, or the SpectrumCo NGSO System, and fails to remedy such action within
ninety (90) days of Ligados receipt of written notice thereof from SpectrumCo.

7.2.7
Termination Upon Cooperation Agreement Termination. SpectrumCo may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior
written notice to Ligado if the Cooperation Agreement terminates or expires.

7.2.8
Termination Upon Framework Agreement Termination. Ligado may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written
notice to the other Party if (a) the Framework Agreement is terminated prior to payment of the DUO Payments; and (b) SpectrumCo has provided
a written notice to Ligado that it does not intended to exercise its right under Section 2.1.4.

7.2.9
Other Termination Events. This Agreement may be terminated at any time:

(a)
by either SpectrumCo or Ligado, at any time before the Plan Effective Date, if the RSA is terminated; or

(b)
by SpectrumCo, if the Plan Effective Date has not occurred on or prior to the Outside Date (as defined in the RSA).

24

7.3
Effect of Termination. Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, if either Party exercises its rights to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.2, then: (a) SpectrumCo shall surrender the SpectrumCo Usage Right to Ligado and cease using the Ligado
L-band MSS Spectrum as of the effective date of termination of the Agreement (or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, if not
possible to cease use as of such effective date of termination); (b) for twelve (12) months (or such other period as may be agreed by
both Parties in writing) following the effective date of termination of this Agreement, the Parties shall cooperate in good faith to
ensure an orderly wind-down of their activities pursuant to this Agreement (including, to the extent applicable, as required by Article
6); and (c) subject to Section 13.18, neither Party shall have any continuing liabilities or obligations of any kind to the
other Party as of the effective date of such termination (without prejudice to any liabilities accrued prior to such termination, including
for breach of this Agreement), and this Agreement shall terminate and cease to have any further force or effect except with respect to
any provisions that expressly survive termination.

7.4
Termination of Binding Term Sheet. This Agreement shall supersede
and replace the Binding Term Sheet, which shall be terminated and have no further force or effect as of the Effective Date.

Article
8

PAYMENT PROVISIONS

8.1
Payments by SpectrumCo.

8.1.1
SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment. On or prior to January 1 of each year during the Term, Ligado shall deliver to SpectrumCo (i)
the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment Report for such calendar year and (ii) supporting documentation for such SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment
Report; provided, however, that the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment Report for the 2025 calendar year shall be delivered by Ligado
to SpectrumCo within five (5) days after the Effective Date. SpectrumCo shall make each SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment and any True-Up
Payment required to be paid to Ligado on or prior to the applicable due date set forth in Section 3.1.2. Other than any payment
to be made in equity as permitted by last sentence of Section 3.1.1, SpectrumCo shall pay, or cause to be paid, each such payment
Ligado by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to the Ligado account identified in Section 8.4. In the event of any dispute
between the Parties regarding the amount of any SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment, within ten days after the applicable SpectrumCo Usage
Right Payment has been finally determined in accordance with Section 8.3 (as so finally determined, the Final SpectrumCo
Usage Right Payment), if the SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment as set forth in the applicable SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment
Report delivered by Ligado to SpectrumCo is greater than such Final SpectrumCo Usage Right Payment, Ligado shall pay, or cause to be
paid, to SpectrumCo an amount in cash equal to such excess by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the SpectrumCo account
identified in Section 8.4. The penultimate sentence of this Section 8.1.1 shall also apply in the event of any dispute
between the Parties regarding the amount of the True-Up Payment, mutatis mutandis.

8.1.2
SpectrumCo Net Revenue Share Amount Payment. No later than sixty (60) days following the end of each Revenue Reporting Period,
SpectrumCo shall deliver to Ligado (i) the SpectrumCo Net Revenue Report for such Revenue Reporting Period and (ii) supporting documentation
for such SpectrumCo Net Revenue Report, including invoices and other relevant financial documentation. Within ten days after the applicable
SpectrumCo Net Revenue Share Amount has been finally determined in accordance with Section 8.3, SpectrumCo shall pay, or cause
to be paid, to Ligado such SpectrumCo Net Revenue Share Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Ligado account
identified in Section 8.4.

25

8.2
Payments by Ligado. No later than sixty 60 days following the end of each Revenue Reporting Period, Ligado shall deliver to SpectrumCo
(i) the ATC Revenue Report for such Revenue Reporting Period and (ii) supporting documentation for such ATC Revenue Report, including
invoices and other relevant financial documentation. Within ten days after the applicable ATC Revenue Share Amount has been finally determined
in accordance with Section 8.3, Ligado shall pay, or cause to be paid, to SpectrumCo such ATC Revenue Share Amount by wire transfer
of immediately available funds, to the SpectrumCo account identified in Section 8.4.

8.3 Procedures
for Notices of Disagreement and Independent Accountant.

8.3.1
Access to Books and Records. Within thirty (30) days after receipt by a Party of any Financial Report that is required to be delivered
to such Party under this Agreement, the Party who prepared and delivered such Financial Report shall, at the receiving Partys
request, provide the receiving Party and its accountants and other Representatives, on reasonable advance notice, with reasonable access
during normal business hours to the books and records (including work papers, subject to the execution of customary access letters, if
requested) of the delivering Party and its Affiliates to the extent relevant to, and solely for purposes of, their review of such Financial
Report and the preparation of any Notice of Disagreement; provided, that the receiving Partys Representatives (as defined
in the Framework Agreement) shall conduct any such activities in such a manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the business or
operations of the delivering Party or its Affiliates; provided, further, that the delivering Party shall not be obligated
to provide such access or information if it determines, in good faith consultation with its outside counsel, that doing so is reasonably
likely to (i) violate any applicable law or court order or (ii) jeopardize the protection of an attorney-client privilege, attorney work
product protection or other legal privilege (in which case the delivering Party shall notify the receiving Party that it is withholding
any such information and use reasonable best efforts to provide such information in a manner that does not result in the waiver any such
privilege (including pursuant to a common interest agreement)).

8.3.2
Notices of Disagreement.

(a)
Each Financial Report delivered by a Party pursuant to this Agreement shall become final, conclusive and binding on the Parties thirty
(30) days after receipt of such Financial Report by the other Party, unless the receiving Party delivers written notice of its disagreement
with any such Financial Report or the calculation of any amount set forth therein (a Notice of Disagreement)
to the delivering Party on or prior to such date. Any Notice of Disagreement shall specify in reasonable detail the nature and amount
of any disagreement so asserted and shall set forth the receiving Partys alternative calculations of the disputed amounts, together,
in each case, with reasonably detailed supporting calculations and documentation. The receiving Party shall be deemed to have agreed
with all amounts and other line items contained in the Financial Report that are not disputed in a Notice of Disagreement.

26

(b)
If any Party delivers a timely Notice of Disagreement to the other Party pursuant to Section 8.3.2(a), then the applicable Financial
Report and related calculations set forth therein (in each case as revised in accordance with this Section 8.3.2(b)) shall become
final, conclusive, and binding upon the Parties on the earlier of: (i) the date any and all matters specified in the Notice of Disagreement
are finally resolved in writing by the Parties; and (ii) the date any and all matters specified in the Notice of Disagreement and not
resolved in writing by the Parties pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 8.3.2(b) are finally resolved by an Independent
Accountant pursuant to Section 8.3.3. The applicable Financial Report and the related calculations set forth therein shall be
revised by SpectrumCo and Ligado to the extent necessary to reflect any resolution by Ligado and SpectrumCo and any final resolution
made by the Independent Accountant pursuant to Section 8.3.3. During the fifteen (15) day period immediately following the delivery
to the applicable Party of a Notice of Disagreement, or such longer period as Ligado and SpectrumCo may agree in writing, Ligado and
SpectrumCo shall seek in good faith to resolve in writing any differences that they may have with respect to any matter specified in
the Notice of Disagreement, and all such discussions related thereto shall be governed by Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence and
any applicable similar state or local rule. At the end of such fifteen (15) day period (or such longer period as may have been agreed
by Ligado and SpectrumCo), Ligado and SpectrumCo, pursuant to Section 8.3.3, shall submit to an Independent Accountant for review
and resolution any and all matters (but only such matters) that remain in dispute and that were included in the Notice of Disagreement,
and any such resolution by the Independent Accountant shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Parties (absent manifest mathematical
error).

8.3.3
Independent Accountant.

(a)
If a dispute is submitted to the Independent Accountant pursuant to Section 8.3.2(b), SpectrumCo and Ligado shall instruct the
Independent Accountant to make a final determination of all such matters (but only such matters) that remain in dispute and that were
included in the Notice of Disagreement. Such determination shall be made in accordance with the applicable terms and provisions of this
Agreement and any applicable Exhibits. SpectrumCo and Ligado shall cooperate with the Independent Accountant during the term of its engagement.
Neither SpectrumCo nor Ligado shall have any ex parte communications with the Independent Accountant. The Independent Accountant shall
not assign a value to any item in dispute greater than the greatest value for such item assigned by in the applicable Financial Report,
on the one hand, or in the Notice of Disagreement, on the other hand, or less than the smallest value for such item assigned in applicable
Financial Report, on the one hand, or in the Notice of Disagreement, on the other hand. The Independent Accountant shall make its determination
based solely on presentations by SpectrumCo and Ligado that are in accordance with the GAAP and the applicable terms and provisions of
this Agreement and not on the basis of an independent review and as an expert and not an arbitrator.

27

(b)
SpectrumCo and Ligado shall request the Independent Accountant to deliver its final determination in writing and within thirty (30) days
following final submission of the disputed matters to it. The fees and expenses of the Independent Accountant shall be borne by Ligado,
on the one hand, and SpectrumCo, on the other hand, based on the percentage that the portion of the contested amount not awarded to each
Party bears to the amount actually contested by such Party, and such allocation of fees and expenses shall be calculated by the Independent
Accountant and such calculation shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Parties. At any time, SpectrumCo and Ligado may agree to
settle any objections raised in the Notice of Disagreement, which agreement shall be in writing and final, conclusive and binding on
all of the Parties with respect to the subject matter of any such objection so resolved.

8.4
Places of Payment. The Parties shall make their respective payments
owned under this Agreement to the accounts identified in Schedule 1 (Places of Payment), or to such other account as may
be notified in writing by the non-paying Party to the paying Party.

8.5
Interest for Late Payments. If an amount due under this Agreement is not paid within the applicable due date of such payment as
identified in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 (as applicable), all such payments shall bear interest at one percent (1%) per
month starting on the date such payment is due until but excluding the date the overdue amount and the interest are paid.

8.6
Taxes. Each Party shall pay all sales, goods and services, and
other similar taxes imposed on or payable with respect to payments such Party is otherwise required to make under this Agreement (collectively,
Sales Taxes) (excluding, for purposes of clarification, income taxes of the other Party), subject to the
receipt from the other Party of a valid invoice required by law to be issued in connection with such Sales Taxes. Each Party shall be
entitled to deduct and withhold from any payment under this Agreement all taxes that such Party is required to deduct and withhold under
any applicable provision of law. All such amounts withheld and properly paid over to the appropriate taxing authority shall be treated
as having been paid to the person in respect of whom such deduction and withholding was made. Each Party shall promptly provide the other
Party with any applicable tax forms and certifications (including IRS Form W-9 or the applicable version of IRS Form W-8) reasonably
requested and shall promptly provide an update of any such tax form or certificate previously delivered if the same has become incorrect
or has expired.

Article
9

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

9.1
Confidentiality. Each Party (each a Receiving Party) shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates shall,
treat as strictly confidential all of the other Partys (each a Disclosing Party) Confidential Information
and shall not, except with the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, make use of (save for the purposes of performing its obligations
or exercising its rights under Transaction Agreement) or disclose to any Person (other than in accordance with this Article 9)
any Confidential Information. Each Receiving Party undertakes that it shall (and shall ensure that its Affiliates shall) only disclose
Confidential Information to its Representatives where it is reasonably required for the purposes of exercising its rights or performing
its obligations under this Agreement and only where the Representatives are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information
and the provisions of this Article 9 and such Representatives are bound to abide by confidentiality obligations substantially
as protective as those contained herein. The Receiving Party shall be liable for any violation of this Article 9 by its Representatives.
The confidentiality obligations set forth in this Article 9 shall bind the Receiving Party (a) with respect to Confidential Information
that is a trade secret right or business secret, for so long as such Confidential Information remains a trade secret right or business
secret under applicable law, and (b) with respect to all other Confidential Information, perpetually unless any of the exceptions set
forth in Section 9.2 applies.

28

9.2
Exceptions. Notwithstanding Section 9.1, a Receiving Party
shall have the limited right to disclose Confidential Information to the extent that such disclosure is:

9.2.1
required by applicable law or by any stock exchange or any Governmental Authority having applicable jurisdiction and the Receiving Party
(or its Affiliate) has (to the extent legally permissible and reasonably practicable in the circumstances) given the Disclosing Party
sufficient prior notice in order for the Disclosing Party to obtain a protective order or other appropriate remedy;

9.2.2
to a Governmental Authority for the purposes of seeking, obtaining, maintaining or renewing any NGSO Regulatory Approval or other Consent
required under any Transaction Agreement; or

9.2.3
(to the extent SpectrumCo is the Receiving Party) required in order to facilitate any financing transaction proposed to be entered into
by SpectrumCo or its Affiliates; provided, however, (i) such disclosure is made only to those parties on an as-needed basis, (ii)
any third party who has access to the Confidential Information is subject to confidentiality obligations and restrictions at least as
protective of the Confidential Information as set forth herein, and (iii) in the case of any technical-related Confidential Information
or the Inmarsat Litigation, SpectrumCo agrees that such third party shall only be able to access such information through a secure virtual
data room hosted and managed by Ligado.

Article
10

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS

10.1
Representations and Warranties of the Parties. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that:

10.1.1
It has the right, power, and authority to execute and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

10.1.2
It has taken all requisite corporate or governmental action to approve the extension, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, and
this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

29

10.1.3
The execution, delivery, and performance by it of its obligations hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
will not result in a violation of, or default under, any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its
property is bound, its organization or governing documents or any law, regulation, rule, or judgment of any court or governmental or
other agency having jurisdiction over it or any of its properties.

10.1.4
To its knowledge, there is no outstanding judgment, pending or threatened litigation or proceeding involving or affecting the execution,
delivery or performance of this Agreement.

10.1.5
Neither it nor, to its knowledge, anyone acting on its behalf, has at any time in the past five years engaged in or facilitated, directly
or indirectly, any material violation of laws, rules, or regulations relating to (i) sanctions or the export or import of commodities,
technical data, products, or services, including, but not limited to, those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the
U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce (Sanctions and
Export Control Laws); or (ii) the prohibition of bribery or corruption, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, and any other applicable corruption or bribery law (Anti-Bribery Laws).

10.2
Representations and Warranties of Ligado. Ligado represents and
warrants to SpectrumCo that:

10.2.1
Each Ligado Coordination Agreement is in full force and effect and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each party
thereto enforceable against each such party in accordance with its terms.

10.2.2
Ligado has provided to SpectrumCo a complete and accurate copy of each Ligado Coordination Agreement and any spectrum coordination or
usage plan entered into with each Ligado Coordination Partner that applies as of the Effective Date to the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum,
or, when a copy or portion of such Ligado Coordination Agreement or plan could not be provided due to third party confidentiality obligations,
has provided to SpectrumCo such information as is sufficient to substantiate Ligados usage rights under such Ligado Coordination
Agreement or plan.

10.2.3
Except for the outstanding Cooperation Agreement Fees due to Inmarsat under the Cooperation Agreement, which are to be paid to Inmarsat
using the funds paid to Ligado pursuant to the Framework Agreement, Ligado is in all material respects in compliance with the terms of
each Ligado Coordination Agreement and, to Ligados knowledge, there is no basis on which any Ligado Coordination Partner would
be entitled to terminate the Ligado Coordination Agreement to which such Ligado Coordination Partner is a party.

30

10.2.4
To Ligados knowledge, except for the alleged breaches by Inmarsat of the Cooperation Agreement that are the subject of the Inmarsat
Litigation, each Ligado Coordination Partner is in all material respects in compliance with the terms of the Ligado Coordination Agreement
to which such Ligado Coordination Partner is a party.

10.2.5
To Ligados knowledge, no Governmental Authority (i) has used, or is using, the L-band spectrum in a manner that conflicts with
SpectrumCos planned use of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum for MSS (including in connection with the SpectrumCo NGSO System) in
any material respect, or (ii) opposes use of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum for MSS (including in connection with the SpectrumCo NGSO
System).

10.2.6
Ligado has not granted any Person any right to use any Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum except for Third Party counterparts to the Existing
Commercial Agreements pursuant to the terms of the Existing Commercial Agreements.

10.2.7
The Ligado L-band Licenses and the Ligado L-band MSS Assets constitute all of the assets owned or controlled by Ligado or any of its
Affiliates that are reasonably necessary for SpectrumCo to exercise the SpectrumCo GEO Usage Right.

10.2.8
Ligado holds the Ligado L-band Licenses listed and described on Exhibit 11 (Ligado L-Band Licenses). Exhibit 11 (Ligado L-Band
Licenses) includes all of the authorizations required under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications
Act), the Radiocommunication Act (Canada), or the rules, regulations and policies of the FCC or ISED for the present operation
of the Ligado L-Band MSS Assets. The Ligado L-band Licenses are in full force and effect and have not been revoked, suspended, canceled,
rescinded or terminated and have not expired. [***]. Ligado and the Ligado L-band MSS Assets are in compliance in all material
respects with the Ligado L-band Licenses, the Communications Act, the Radiocommunication Act (Canada), and the rules, regulations and
policies of the FCC and ISED. The Ligado L-band MSS Assets are operating in accordance with their FCC and ISED licensed parameters. All
material reports and filings required to be filed with, and all regulatory fees required to be paid to, the FCC and ISED by Ligado with
respect to the Ligado L-band Licenses have been timely filed and paid. All such reports and filings are accurate and complete.

10.2.9
Exhibit 7 (Existing Commercial Agreements) contains a complete and accurate list of the Existing Commercial Agreements and specifies,
for each Existing Commercial Agreement whether Ligado has a right to terminate the Existing Commercial Agreements for convenience. The
relevant counterparties have no right to use the capacity on the Ligado GEO Satellites (and Ligado shall have no transitional or other
support obligations) following the termination notice period set out on Exhibit 7 (Existing Commercial Agreements). The information
in Exhibit 7 (Existing Commercial Agreements) is complete and accurate in all material respects.

31

10.2.10
To Ligados knowledge, other than (i) the technical coordination requirements and constraints in the Cooperation Agreement,
(ii) as identified on Exhibit 6 (L-band Technical Requirements) or Exhibit 2 (Ligado Coordination Agreements and
Partners); and (iii) any operational requirement or limitation that is applicable to SpectrumCos planned operations in
the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum under any law, rule or regulation of the FCC, ISED, ITU, or any other relevant Governmental Authority
(including the requirement to obtain NGSO Regulatory Approvals), there are no limitations on SpectrumCos rights to operate
the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum as contemplated by this Agreement.

10.3
Covenants of the Parties. Each Party covenants to the other Party that:

10.3.1
It shall comply with the laws, permits, and licenses of any territory where this Agreement is in effect, and without legitimate claims
of a Governmental Authority affecting or applicable to this Agreement. Should such Governmental Authoritys claims be contrary
to this Agreement or to the Parties obligations under this Agreement, then it shall undertake, to the extent possible, any reasonably
necessary actions to change, cancel, or otherwise overcome such claims in order to give effect to this Agreement and the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement.

10.3.2
It shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, or regulations relating to Sanctions and Export Control Laws.

10.3.3
When performing its obligations under this Agreement, it shall not, and it shall not authorize or permit any Person acting for or on
behalf of it to, directly or indirectly (a) give, offer or promise, or authorize (or tolerate to be given, offered, or promised) anything
of value to an official or employee of government or of any subdivision thereof or to use its influence to effect or influence any act
or decision of a government or any subdivision thereof in violation of any Anti-Bribery Law; or (b) take any other action that constitutes
a violation of any Anti-Bribery Law.

10.3.4
It shall not take any action with the intent and effect of materially jeopardizing or harming the other Partys licenses from any
Governmental Authority related to such other Partys use of the Ligado L-band Spectrum or Ligado L-band MSS Assets (or, with respect
to SpectrumCo, the SpectrumCo NGSO System).

10.3.5
It shall use commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate and execute the Escrow Agreement no later than ten (10) Business Days after
the Effective Date.

10.4
Covenants of Ligado. Ligado covenants to SpectrumCo that, during
the Term, it shall (and shall ensure that its Affiliates shall):

10.4.1
Comply with each Ligado Coordination Agreement in all material respects (and, for this purpose, all payment obligations shall be considered
material obligations) and not take or omit to take any action that could result in termination of any Ligado Coordination Agreement.

32

10.4.2
Without prejudice to Section 10.4.3, notify SpectrumCo as soon as is reasonably practicable of any amendment, waiver or breach
of any Ligado Coordination Agreement.

10.4.3
Not (a) amend, (b) waive any right under or breach of or (c) exercise any right to terminate any Ligado Coordination Agreement, in each
case in a manner that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect SpectrumCos intended exercise of the SpectrumCo Usage Right
(including in connection with the SpectrumCo NGSO System), or initiate, agree, threaten or give notice to do any of the foregoing, in
each case, without SpectrumCos prior written consent.

10.4.4
Notify SpectrumCo as soon as is reasonably practicable after it receives any claims or notices (whether written or oral) from any Ligado
Coordination Partner or any of its representatives alleging any breach of any Ligado Coordination Agreement or grounds on which any Ligado
Coordination Agreement may be terminated, and reasonably consult with SpectrumCo in connection with the response to and resolution of
any such claims or notices; provided, however, that: (i) such consultations may be conducted by Ligado in any manner that protects
attorney-client privilege or any other legal privilege and (ii) Ligado shall have ultimate control over the responses to, and resolutions
of, such claims or notices (except that, in respect of (ii), Ligado shall not respond to such claims or notices in a manner that could
reasonably be expected to adversely affect SpectrumCos intended exercise of the SpectrumCo Usage Right (including in connection
with the SpectrumCo NGSO System) without SpectrumCos prior written consent).

10.4.5 Not settle or resolve, or agree to settle or resolve, the Inmarsat Litigation in a manner that could (a) reasonably have an adverse effect
in any material respect on SpectrumCos intended exercise of the SpectrumCo Usage Right (including in connection with the SpectrumCo
NGSO System) or increase any Cooperation Agreement Fees or other amounts required to be paid by SpectrumCo under any Transaction Agreement,
in each case, without SpectrumCos prior written consent or (b) result in any payment to Viasat or any of its Affiliates, prior
to the satisfaction of the Approval Condition, of the Cooperation Agreement Fee (or any portion thereof), and/or any related interest,
due by Ligado pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement as of (or with respect to any period commencing prior to) January 5, 2025.

10.4.6
In consultation with and to the extent reasonably requested by SpectrumCo, enforce its rights under any Ligado Coordination Agreement
to the extent that the applicable Ligado Coordination Partner is in breach of the applicable Ligado Coordination Agreement and such breach
adversely affects in any material respect the intended exercise of the SpectrumCo Usage Right (including due to spectrum interference).

10.4.7
Use best efforts ([***]) to maintain the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum, including by maintaining in force and renewing as required
(i) all Ligado L-band Licenses, (ii) any other permits or approvals required from any Governmental Authority to operate the Ligado L-band
MSS Assets and/or Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum and (iii) all NGSO Regulatory Approvals granted during the Term.

33

10.4.8
From and after the Effective Date, without the prior written consent of SpectrumCo, Ligado and its Affiliates shall not (a) incur any
new indebtedness for borrowed money other than to the extent necessary to fund essential capital expenditures or operations (as reasonably
determined by Ligado) or (b) engage in any business activities other than (i) as required for the conduct of the Takings Litigation and/or
(ii) as expressly contemplated by the SpectrumCo Definitive Agreements.

10.4.9
No later than the Plan Effective Date, Ligado shall assume the Cooperation Agreement pursuant to Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code.

10.5
Intellectual Property Rights. During the Term, Ligado, on behalf
of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to SpectrumCo a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, paid-up, irrevocable (subject to
Section 7.2), sublicensable, transferrable (in accordance with Section 13.7) license to use any Intellectual Property Rights
owned or controlled by Ligado or any of its Affiliates to the extent necessary to exercise the SpectrumCo Usage Right (including in connection
with the SpectrumCo NGSO System).

10.6
Security Interest.

10.6.1
On or before the Plan Effective Date, Ligado shall grant SpectrumCo a silent, junior security interest in and lien over all of Ligados
rights, title and interest, in, to and under its rights and assets which constitute the SpectrumCo Usage Rights to the extent permitted
by and consistent with applicable law and with the security interests and liens that have been granted to Ligados secured creditors
(the SpectrumCo Security Interest).

10.6.2
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the obligations of Ligado set forth in Sections 10.4.8 and 10.6.1 shall
apply so long as no material breach of the Agreement on the part of SpectrumCo has occurred and is continuing that would give rise to
a right of Ligado to terminate this Agreement under Section 7.2.1 if such material breach were not cured within the relevant time
periods set forth therein.

Article
11

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

11.1
EXCLUSION OF INDIRECT DAMAGES. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO EITHER PARTYS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 12,
IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY, ITS RELATED PARTICIPANTS OR ANY OTHER PERSONS CLAIMING BY OR THROUGH THE
PARTY UNDER ANY THEORY, INCLUDING UNDER TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

34

11.2
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT FOR A BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY,
FRAUD, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTYS AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER
PARTY, ITS RELATED PARTICIPANTS AND ANY OTHER PERSONS CLAIMING BY OR THROUGH THE PARTY FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF THE SPECTRUMCO USAGE RIGHT PAYMENTS, SPECTRUMCO CONTRIBUTIONS, TRUE-UP PAYMENTS, USAGE RIGHT
PAYMENT PREMIUMS, AND/OR ANY OTHER PAYMENTS OR FEES PAYABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT.

Article
12

INDEMNIFICATION

12.1
Indemnification of Ligado. SpectrumCo shall defend, hold harmless,
and indemnify Ligado, Ligados Affiliates, and each of its Related Participants (each, a Ligado Indemnitee)
from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims, and expenses, including reasonable legal fees (Losses)
incurred by such Ligado Indemnitee arising from, relating to, or incurred in connection with any Third Party claim (a Claim)
arising out of or related to: (i) SpectrumCos gross negligence or willful misconduct; (ii) SpectrumCos material breach
of this Agreement; (iii) SpectrumCos knowing unpermitted use of the SpectrumCo Usage Right in any manner; or (iv) [***].
If a Claim is made against a Ligado Indemnitee, or Ligado or SpectrumCo reasonably believes that a Claim against a Ligado Indemnitee
is likely to occur, based on an assertion that SpectrumCos use of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum or Ligado L-band MSS Assets infringes,
misappropriates, or violates the Intellectual Property Rights or spectrum rights of a Third Party, in addition to the indemnification
obligation set forth herein, SpectrumCo shall, in consultation with Ligado, use reasonable best efforts to modify SpectrumCos
usage of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum or Ligado L-band MSS Assets to eliminate the alleged infringement, misappropriation, or violation
of the Intellectual Property Rights and spectrum rights of a Third Party.

12.2
Indemnification of SpectrumCo. Ligado shall defend, hold harmless, and indemnify SpectrumCo, SpectrumCos Affiliates, and
each of its Related Participants (each, a SpectrumCo Indemnitee) from and against any and all Losses incurred
by such SpectrumCo Indemnitee arising from, relating to, or incurred in connection with: (a) any Claim arising out of or related to:
(i) Ligados gross negligence or willful misconduct; (ii) Ligados material breach of this Agreement; (iii) Ligados
knowing unpermitted use of the Ligado L-band MSS Spectrum or Ligado L-band MSS Assets, or (iv) [***]; (b) any breach by Ligado
of the Cooperation Agreement; or (c) any act or omission of Inmarsat solely to the extent that Inmarsat is required to indemnify Ligado
for such Losses pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement.

35

12.3
Indemnification Procedures. The Ligado Indemnitee or SpectrumCo Indemnitee (as applicable, the Indemnitee)
shall: (a) promptly notify the indemnifying Party (the Indemnitor) in writing of any Losses or Claim for
which indemnification is sought, provided that failure or delay of such notice shall not relieve the Indemnitor of its indemnity
obligations hereunder except to the extent, if any, that it is materially prejudiced by such failure or delay; (b) allow the Indemnitor
to assume the sole control of the defense of such Claim and all related settlement negotiations, except that the Indemnitor may not,
without the Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any settlement or consent to any judgment that (i) makes any admission
on behalf of any Indemnitee or (ii) does not unconditionally release the Indemnitee from liability; and (c) provide the Indemnitor, at
the Indemnitors request and expense, with the assistance, information, and authority necessary to perform the Indemnitors
obligations under this Section. The Indemnitee may participate in the defense and settlement of any Claim through counsel of its own
choosing at its own cost. If the Indemnitor fails to take over defense of any Claim within thirty (30) days after the Indemnitee provides
the Indemnitor with notice of the same or at any time thereafter fails to continue such defense, the Indemnitee may defend such Claim
(including with counsel of its sole choosing) at the cost and expense of the Indemnitor, which costs and expenses the Indemnitor shall
pay or reimburse as they are incurred.

Article
13

MISCELLANEOUS

13.1
Governing Law. This Agreement and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise)
based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Delaware.

13.2
Dispute Resolution. Other than with respect to any disputes arising pursuant to Section 3.1.2 or Section 4.1.1 relating
to the delivery by the Parties of a joint written instruction to the Escrow Agent, if during the term of this Agreement, a dispute arises
between the Parties, or one Party perceives the other as acting unfairly or unreasonably, or a question of interpretation arises hereunder,
then the Parties respective representatives (as identified in Schedule 2 (Dispute Resolutions Representatives))
shall promptly confer and exert reasonable best efforts to reach a reasonable and equitable resolution of the dispute. If the representatives
are unable to resolve the issue within ten (10) Business Days, then the representative of the Party that initially raised the dispute
shall develop a description of the dispute, identify such dispute as either technical or commercial in nature
and refer such dispute within two (2) Business Days of the lapse of the aforementioned ten (10) Business Days to: (i) a member of the
Parties technical team in the event such dispute is technical; or (ii) a member of the Parties executive
team (other than the chief executive officer) if the dispute is commercial. If such member of the Parties technical
team or executive team (other than the chief executive officer), as applicable, is unable to resolve such dispute within ten (10) Business
Days, then such dispute will be referred to each Parties chief executive officer for resolution. Neither Party shall seek judicial
resolution of any dispute arising in connection with this Agreement until the chief executive officer of each Party has had at least
ten (10) Business Days to attempt to resolve the dispute following referral of the dispute to such chief executive officers.

36

13.3
Venue. Each Party agrees to the exclusive personal jurisdiction
and venue in the federal and state courts in Delaware, for any dispute arising out of this Agreement.

13.4
Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of SpectrumCo and Ligado hereby irrevocably
waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out
of or relating to this agreement or the actions of SpectrumCo or Ligado in the negotiation, administration, performance and enforcement
hereof. Each Party certifies and acknowledges that (a) no representative, agent or attorney of any other Party has represented, expressly
or otherwise, that such other Party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver, (b) each Party understands
and has considered the implication of this waiver, (c) each Party makes this waiver voluntarily, and (d) each Party has been induced
to enter into this agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this section.

13.5
Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and delivered by (x) email, and shall be deemed to
have been duly delivered and received hereunder on the date of dispatch by the sender thereof (to the extent that no bounce back
or similar message indicating non-delivery is received with respect thereto) or (y) nationally recognized overnight courier service (providing
proof of delivery), in each case, to the intended recipient as set forth below (or to such other recipient as designated in a written
notice to the other parties hereto in accordance with this Section 13.5):

if
to SpectrumCo, to:

Spectrum
USA I, LLC

AST
Midland International Air & Space Port

2901
Enterprise Lane

Midland,
Texas 79706

Attention:
Chief Legal Officer

Email:

with
a copy to

if
to Ligado, to:

Ligado
Networks LLC

10802
Parkridge Boulevard

Reston,
Virginia 20191

Attention:
General Counsel

Email:

13.6
Publicity. No public announcement, release, or other public disclosure
of information relating to this Agreement, including the existence of this Agreement, shall be made by either Party except as required
by law or by prior written agreement of the Parties and/or their Affiliates, as applicable.

37

13.7
Assignment. Except as permitted under this Section 13.7
or Article 14, this Agreement shall not be assigned, delegated, or transferred, in full or in part, as security or otherwise,
or delegated to any other individual, firm, institution, organization or government agency by any Party without the prior written consent
of the other Party. Notwithstanding the forgoing, either Party may assign this Agreement to: (a) any Person that acquires all or substantially
all of the assets of such Party; or (b) an Affiliate provided that, in each case of clause (a) and (b), the assignment
will not impair the other Partys rights under this Agreement; provided further that, in the case of clause (b), no such
assignment to an Affiliate shall relieve the assigning Party of its obligations under this Agreement if such Affiliate does not fully
and timely perform such obligations. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties
respective successors and permitted assigns. Any assignment, delegation, or transfer of this Agreement made in contravention of the terms
hereof shall be null and void.

13.8
Further Assurances. Each Party shall do and execute, or arrange
for the doing and executing of, each necessary act, document and thing reasonably within its power to implement and give effect to this
Agreement.

13.9
Force Majeure. If either Partys performance under this
Agreement is affected without fault or negligence of that Party by any act, event, cause or circumstance beyond its reasonable control
and that cannot be reasonably avoided or overcome (each, a Force Majeure Event), then it shall immediately
notify the other Party of the nature and extent of the Force Majeure Event. Neither Party shall be deemed to be in breach of this Agreement,
or otherwise be liable to the other Party, by reason of any delay in performance, or non-performance, of any of its obligations under
this Agreement to the extent that such delay or non-performance is due to any Force Majeure Event of which it has notified the other
Party and the time for performance of that obligation shall be extended accordingly. Each Party shall use its reasonable efforts to minimize
the effects of or shorten the duration of any Force Majeure Event and resume the performance of its obligations under this Agreement
as soon as possible.

13.10
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including any schedules, annexes and exhibits hereto and the documents and instruments and other
agreements among the parties hereto as contemplated by or referred to herein, including the Exhibits hereto), the other AST Definitive
Agreements and the RSA (which is incorporated by reference herein) constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Confidentiality Agreement and the Confidential Binding Terms
of Strategic Collaboration, dated January 5, 2025, by and between AST & Science, LLC and Ligado Networks LLC).

38

13.11
No Joint Venture or Agency. None of the provisions of this Agreement
will be deemed to constitute a partnership, joint venture, or any other similar relationship between the Parties, and neither Party will
have any authority to bind the other Party in any manner, except as expressly indicated in this Agreement. Neither Party will have or
hold itself out as having any right, authority or agency to act on behalf of the other Party in any capacity or in any manner, except
as may be expressly authorized in this Agreement. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Parties agree (a) that the transactions contemplated
herein are not intended to give rise to a partnership for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes, and (b) not
to file any tax return or take any tax position inconsistent with such treatment, unless required by applicable law following a determination
(within the meaning of Section 1313 of the Code) on the matter.

13.12
Amendments and Waivers. To the extent permitted by law and subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement may
be amended by the Parties hereto at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of SpectrumCo and Ligado.
The failure of any Party to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of
any such provision, nor in any way to affect the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof or the right of such Party thereafter
to enforce each and every such provision. No waiver of any breach of or non-compliance with this Agreement shall be held to be a waiver
of any other or subsequent breach.

13.13
Severability. In the event that any term or other provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, is invalid, illegal
or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect.

13.14
Headings. The Article and Section captions set forth herein are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

13.15
Specific Performance. The transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are unique transactions and any failure on the part of a Party to complete the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the terms
of this Agreement will not be fully compensable in damages and the breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Agreement would
cause the other Party irreparable harm. Accordingly, in addition to and not in limitation of any other remedies available to the Parties
for a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, each Party will be entitled to specific performance of this Agreement upon any breach
by the other Party, and to an injunction restraining such Party from such breach or threatened breach.

13.16
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure solely to the benefit of each Party hereto, and nothing
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any other Person any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under
or by reason of this Agreement.

13.17
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one (1) or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other
party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page
to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission, including by e-mail attachment, shall be effective as delivery of a
manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

13.18
Survival. Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary,
the provisions contained in Article 1, Section 8.5, Section 9.1, Article 11, Article 12, Section
13.1, Section 13.2, Section 13.3, Section 13.4, Section 13.5, Section 13.6, Section 13.10,
Section 13.13, Section 13.14 and this Section 13.18, as well as any other provision that expressly states that
it shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

39

13.19
SpectrumCo Usage Right Continuation. Provided that, and for so long as SpectrumCo is, in compliance with all of its obligations
under this Agreement, including its obligations to pay SpectrumCo Usage Right Payments, then SpectrumCo shall continue to have the SpectrumCo
Usage Right notwithstanding any purported rejection of the Agreement by Ligado under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code in connection
with any future case under the Bankruptcy Code.

Article
14

FINANCING SOURCES

14.1 
Consent to Security Interest.

14.1.1
Ligado hereby acknowledges and agrees that, upon delivery of a duly executed notice and acknowledgment agreement (an N&A)
from SpectrumCo to Ligado, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Ligado, and delivered in accordance with this Agreement,
SpectrumCo shall have the right to grant one or more enforceable security interests in and liens over all of SpectrumCos rights,
title and interest, in, to and under this Agreement (any such grant of security interest and/or lien, the Security Interest)
for the benefit of the Financing Sources (including the assignment of this Agreement) pursuant to one or more security agreements (as
in effect from time to time, and together with the N&A, collectively, the Security Documents).

14.1.2
Ligado agrees that the Financing Sources have the right, but not the obligation, in the exercise of the Financing Sources rights
and remedies under the Security Documents, or under in respect of any of the other financing documents related thereto (as in effect
from time to time, the Finance Documents), to make all demands, give all notices, take all actions, and exercise
all rights of SpectrumCo (whether or not SpectrumCo has then been dissolved, liquidated or wound up) in and under this Agreement in accordance
with its terms.

14.2
Notice of Event of Default. Upon the delivery of a Notice of Event
of Default by the Financing Sources to Ligado, and until the Financing Sources revoke such Notice of Event of Default in writing, the
Financing Sources shall be entitled (but not obligated) to exercise any and all rights of SpectrumCo to cure any defaults of SpectrumCo
under this Agreement and Ligado shall accept such exercise in all respects in lieu of performance by SpectrumCo and in satisfaction of
the SpectrumCos obligations under this Agreement.

40

14.3
Right to Cure.

14.3.1
Notwithstanding any right that Ligado may have under this Agreement, Ligado agrees that upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of any event giving rise to or that could give rise to Ligados right to cancel, terminate or suspend performance under this Agreement:

(a)
that cannot by its nature be cured by the payment of money, Ligado will not cancel, terminate or suspend its performance under this Agreement
if, and for so long as, (i) the Financing Sources shall have commenced to remedy the breach or default and is using all reasonable endeavors
(including implementation of any remedial program) to remedy such breach or default or, if (ii) the Financing Sources shall be using
all reasonable endeavors (which may include private negotiations) to institute proceedings to foreclose or otherwise acquire or transfer
SpectrumCos interest in this Agreement, provided that, to the extent such breach or default has not been cured by the expiration
of any cure period remaining to SpectrumCo under this Agreement or by the mutual agreement of Ligado and the Financing Sources, the Financing
Sources right to cure such default shall automatically terminate without the provision of any notice thereof

14.3.2
Ligado shall deal with both the Financing Sources and SpectrumCo during the Cure Period. Ligado will accept payment and/or performance
from the Financing Sources during the Cure Period without requiring assumption of liability from the Financing Sources or the issuance
of a Step-In Notice.

14.3.3
Notwithstanding any right the Parties may have under this Agreement, each Party shall continue performance of each its respective obligations
under this Agreement during the Cure Period.

14.4
Step-In Rights.

14.4.1
The Financing Sources may provide Ligado with a Step-In Notice prior to the cancellation or termination of this Agreement at any time:
(a) during the occurrence and continuation of an event which gives rise to the right to deliver a Notice of Event of Default or an SpectrumCo
Default Notice or (b) during the Cure Period.

14.4.2
The Step-In Notice shall designate a representative of the Financing Sources to assume all of SpectrumCos rights, and any obligations
of SpectrumCo under this Agreement. During the Step-In Period, (i) Ligado shall not recognize the exercise by SpectrumCo of any of its
rights and powers under the this Agreement, (ii) Ligado shall, beginning five (5) Business Days following receipt of a Step-In Notice,
thereafter pay to the Financing at such account as the Financing Sources may nominate all moneys from time to time payable by Ligado
under this Agreement and (iii) Ligado shall perform, observe and comply with all Ligados other undertakings and obligations under
this Agreement in the Financing Sources favor and for the Financing Sources benefit as if such Financing Sources, collectively,
were named as SpectrumCo herein. SpectrumCo and Ligado agree that if the Financing Sources issue Ligado a Step-In Notice,
the Financing Sources shall thereafter (x) be obligated to honor all of the duties, obligations and liabilities of the SpectrumCo
under this Agreement, and (y) be entitled to the benefit of, and to exercise, all of the rights, benefits and remedies of the SpectrumCo
under this Agreement.

41

14.5
Waiver of Claims against Financing Sources. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Party, hereby: (i) agrees
that all matters, claims, controversies, disputes, suits, actions or proceedings (whether sounding in contract, tort, common or statutory
law, equity or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Finance Documents or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby or the performance of any services thereunder involving the Financing Sources shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction
of any federal or state court in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York, so long as such forum is and remains available, and any
appellate court thereof and each party hereto irrevocably submits itself and its property with respect to any such matters, claims, controversies,
disputes, suits, actions or proceedings to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court, and such matters, claims, controversies, disputes,
suits, actions or proceedings shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern
under applicable principles of conflicts of laws, (ii) agrees not to bring or support or permit any of its controlled Affiliates to bring
or support any matters, claims, controversies, disputes, suits, actions or proceedings (whether sounding in contract, tort, common or
statutory law, equity or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, the Finance Documents or any other
documents entered into in connection with the Finance Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the performance
of any services thereunder against any Financing Source in any forum other than any federal or state court in the Borough of Manhattan,
New York, New York, (iii) agrees that service of process upon Ligado in any matters, claims, controversies, disputes, suits, actions
or proceedings shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 13.5, (iv) irrevocably waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such matter, claim, controversy, dispute, suit, action
or proceeding in any such court, (v) irrevocably and unconditionally waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law any right
it may have to a trial by jury in any matter, claim, controversy, dispute, suit, action or proceeding brought against the Financing Sources
directly or indirectly arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement, the Finance Documents or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby or the performance of any services thereunder, (vi) agrees that other than during a Step-In Period and as expressly
provided for herein, this Agreement may not be enforced against any Financing Source and agrees that none of the Financing Sources will
have any liability to Ligado or its Affiliates relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Finance Documents or any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or the performance of any services thereunder (whether sounding in contract, tort, common or statutory
law, equity or otherwise) (provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall affect the rights of SpectrumCo
or its Affiliates against the Financing Sources with respect to the Finance Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby
or any services thereunder following the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and (vii) notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, the parties agree that the Financing Sources are express third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce,
any of the provisions in this Agreement reflecting the foregoing provisions in this Article 14 and such provisions and the definition
of Financing Sources shall not be amended in any way affecting the rights of the Financing Sources without the prior written
consent of the Financing Sources. Nothing in this Section 14.5 shall in any way limit or qualify the obligations and liabilities
of the parties to the Financing Documents to each other thereunder or in connection therewith.

[Signature
Page Follows]

42

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above.

LIGADO NETWORKS LLC 

By: /s/ Doug
Smith 

Name: Doug Smith 

Its: President & Chief Executive Officer 

SPECTRUM USA
I, LLC 

By: /s/ Andrew M. Johnson 

Name: Andrew M. Johnson 

Its: Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Legal Officer 

43

LIST
OF EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT
1 ATC Revenue Accounting Principles

EXHIBIT
2 - Ligado Coordination Agreements and Partners

EXHIBIT
3 Future GEO Plan

EXHIBIT
4 Power Levels for SpectrumCo NGSO System

EXHIBIT
5 SpectrumCo Net Revenue Accounting Principles

EXHIBIT
6 L-band Technical Requirements

EXHIBIT
7 Existing Commercial Agreements

EXHIBIT
8 Frequency Agility Requirements

EXHIBIT
9 Escrow Agreement Agreed Principles

EXHIBIT
10 Usage Right Payment Premium Amounts

EXHIBIT
11 Ligado L-band Licenses

44

LIST
OF SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE
1 Places of Payment

SCHEDULE
2 Dispute Resolutions Representatives

SCHEDULE
3 Ligado L-band MSS Assets

45
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

Certain
confidential information, marked by [***], has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because the omitted information
is both not material and is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential.

SPECTRUM
USAGE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

by
and among

ONE
DOT SIX LLC

and

AST
& SCIENCE, LLC

Dated
as of March 22, 2025

Table
of Contents

Page

Section
1 USAGE
RIGHTS AND PREEMPTION 5

1.1 Usage
Rights 5

1.2 Retained
One Dot Six Terrestrial and SCS Rights 5

1.3 Limitations
of Usage Rights 5

1.4 Notification
of Usage 5

1.5 Preemption 6

1.6 Material
Interference 6

Section
2 TERM 6

2.1 Term 6

Section
3 USAGE
PAYMENTS 6

3.1 Usage
Payments 6

3.2 Usage
Payments Timing 7

3.3 Usage
Payments Adjustment 7

Section
4 SPECTRUM
OPTION 7

4.1 Exercise
of Spectrum Option 7

4.2 Spectrum
Option Payment 8

4.3 Spectrum
Option Payment Timing 8

4.4 FCC
Consent 8

4.5 Consummation
of Spectrum Option 9

4.6 Usage
Premium and Spectrum Option Payment 9

Section
5 REVENUE
SHARING 9

5.1 Revenue
Share 9

5.2 Revenue
Share Payment Timing 10

5.3 Usage
Payment Credits 10

5.4 Restriction
on Terrestrial Sale 10

Section
6 REGULATORY
COOPERATION 10

6.1 License
Renewal 10

6.2 Notification
of Violation or Material Changes 10

6.3 Obligations
as Service Provider 11

6.4 Communication
and Audit Rights 11

6.5 [***] 11

6.6 Backstop
Security 11

Section
7 Monetization,
[***] 11

7.1 Reevaluation
of Monetization 11

7.2 [***] 11

7.3 [***] 11

Section
8 TERMINATION 12

8.1 Automatic
Termination 12

8.2 Termination
of the Collaboration Agreement 12

8.3 Termination
for Non-Payment 12

8.4 Termination
for Material Breach 12

8.5 [***] 13

8.6 Termination
for Substantial Preemption 13

8.7 Termination
for Excessive Force Majeure 13

8.8 Other
Termination Events 13

8.9 Effect
of Termination 13

Section
9 REPRESENTATIONS,
WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 13

9.1 Mutual
Representations and Warranties 13

9.2 Representations
and Warranties of One Dot Six 14

9.3 General
Covenants 15

9.4 AST
Covenants 15

9.5 One
Dot Six Covenants 16

9.6 Intellectual
Property Rights 17

Section
10 TAXES,
LATE PAYMENTS AND SET-OFF 17

10.1 Taxes 17

10.2 Payments 17

10.3 Interest
for Late Payments 18

Section
11 CONFIDENTIALITY 18

11.1 Confidentiality 18

11.2 Exceptions 18

Section
12 INDEMNIFICATION 19

12.1 General
Indemnification 19

12.2 Indemnification
of One Dot Six 19

12.3 Indemnification
of AST 19

Section
13 Limitation
of Liability 19

13.1 Limitation
on Damages 19

13.2 Disclaimer 19

13.3 Liability
Cap 20

Section
14 Governing
Law and Dispute Resolution 20

14.1 Governing
Law 20

14.2 Dispute
Resolution 20

14.3 Venue 20

14.4 Waiver
of Jury Trial 20

14.5 Usage
Rights Continuation 21

Section
15 MISCELLANEOUS 21

15.1 Notices 21

15.2 Publicity 21

15.3 Assignment 22

15.4 Force
Majeure 22

15.5 Entire
Agreement 22

15.6 No
Joint Venture or Agency 22

15.7 Amendment 23

15.8 Extension;
Waiver 23

15.9 Severability 23

15.10 Headings 23

15.11 Specific
Performance 23

15.12 No
Third Party Beneficiaries 23

15.13 Counterparts 23

15.14 Survival 23

15.15 Definitions
and Interpretation 23

SPECTRUM
USAGE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
SPECTRUM USAGE RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of March 22, 2025 (this Agreement), is made between ONE DOT
SIX LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (formerly constituted as One Dot Six Corp.) with offices at 10802 Parkridge Blvd.,
Reston, VA 20191 (One Dot Six), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ligado Networks LLC (Ligado),
and AST & SCIENCE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with offices at AST Midland International Air & Space Port,
2901 Enterprise Lane, Midland, Texas 79706 (AST, together with One Dot Six, each a Party and
collectively, the Parties). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned
to such terms in the Collaboration Agreement.

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, on October 1, 2003,
the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) granted to OP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with offices
at 8020 Katy Freeway, Houston, Texas 77024 (OP), certain nationwide spectrum rights for the 5 MHz that is the 1670
1675 MHz band (the Licensed Spectrum) under Call Sign WPYQ831(the License);

WHEREAS,
OP and One Dot Six are parties to that certain (i) Master Agreement (1670-1675 MHZ Spectrum), dated as of July 16, 2007 (as assigned,
amended, modified and assumed from time to time, including under that certain Amendment to Master Agreement dated as of December 2, 2022
among One Dot Six, OP and Crown Castle Investment Corp. (CCIC) (the Master Agreement), and
(ii) Amended and Restated Long-Term De Facto Transfer Lease Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2022, between One Dot Six and OP (the
Lease) pursuant to which OP has leased the Licensed Spectrum (the Leased Spectrum) to One Dot
Six in accordance with the provisions of Title 47 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations and the published decisions of the FCC (as
each may be amended from time to time, the FCC Rules);

WHEREAS,
Ligado and AST have entered into the Binding Terms of Strategic Collaboration, dated January 5, 2025 (the Binding Term Sheet),
which sets forth the Parties agreement to a series of transactions whereby, among other things, and as described in further detail
therein, AST will assume One Dot Sixs financial obligations under the Lease and provide other financial incentives to One Dot
Six in consideration for (i) certain usage rights to use the Leased Spectrum for supplemental coverage from space (SCS"),
(ii) collaboration between the Parties to seek permission from the FCC to authorize ASTs secondary, preemptible use of the Leased
Spectrum for SCS (while One Dot Six retains primary, preemptive rights to all terrestrial-based use of the Leased Spectrum) under the
License and (iii) a portion of the profits received by One Dot Six resulting from the sale of the Leased Spectrum to a third party; and

WHEREAS,
the Parties now desire to enter into this Agreement which, along with the Strategic Collaboration and Spectrum Usage Agreement by and
between Ligado and Spectrum USA I, LLC (the Collaboration Agreement) and the Framework Agreement by and among Ligado,
AST, AST SpaceMobile, Inc. and Spectrum USA I, LLC (the Framework Agreement"), each being entered into simultaneously
herewith, will replace and supersede the Binding Term Sheet.

4

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

Section
1 USAGE RIGHTS AND PREEMPTION.

1.1
Usage Rights. Subject to ASTs compliance with the terms of this Agreement and to One Dot Sixs rights to Preemption
(as defined below), and provided that the Parties obtain the [***] and any and all other necessary regulatory approvals, One Dot
Six hereby grants to AST and its Affiliates a right to use the Leased Spectrum solely for SCS (the Usage Rights)
for the duration of the Term (as defined below). AST and its Affiliates shall at all times utilize the Usage Rights solely for lawful
purposes, in a manner that is consistent with the terms of the License, the Lease and this Agreement and in compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations, including without limitation the FCC Rules.

1.2
Retained One Dot Six Terrestrial and SCS Rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, One Dot Six shall
retain all primary, preemptive terrestrial rights over the Leased Spectrum (the Terrestrial Rights) and shall retain
the right to market, solicit or enter into any transaction with OP and/or any third party relating to the lease, sub-lease or sale of
the Leased Spectrum for terrestrial use; provided, however, that One Dot Six shall not (and shall ensure that its Affiliates shall not)
use the Leased Spectrum for SCS, or enter into any transaction with any other Person or grant any other Person rights to use or access
the Leased Spectrum for SCS.

1.3
Limitations of Usage Rights. The Usage Rights shall not include any rights that One Dot Six is not entitled to under the License
[***] or the Lease. AST shall at all times use the Usage Rights in accordance with the specifications (the Usage Rights
Technical Requirements) set forth in Exhibit 1 (Usage Rights Technical Requirements) attached hereto, and AST shall
not utilize the Usage Rights to perform any action that materially jeopardizes or violates such Usage Rights Technical Requirements or
any of One Dot Sixs rights with respect to the Leased Spectrum under the License or the Lease.

1.4
Notification of Usage. AST shall provide One Dot Six with written notification regarding any new, modified or terminated use of
the Usage Rights (other than where such new, modified or terminated use does not substantially alter ASTs use of the Usage Rights)
no later than thirty (30) Business Days prior to initiating any such use under the Usage Rights (each, a Usage Notification).
Such Usage Notification shall include a description of (i) the current scope of its network, [***] and (ii) any planned
modifications to the network that would materially alter the scope of services to be provided or otherwise differ materially from ASTs
then current use of the Usage Rights.

5

1.5
Preemption. To the extent One Dot Six (or, as applicable, a Third Party Purchaser (as defined below)) utilizes the Terrestrial
Rights within a radius of any particular geographic area [***] (each, a Terrestrial Service Zone) having
given AST at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such use, any AST use of the Usage Rights within such Terrestrial
Service Zone shall be on a preemptible, secondary basis to One Dot Sixs (or, as applicable, such Third Party Purchasers)
use of the Terrestrial Rights, and AST shall in no circumstances be entitled to claim interference protection therefrom. If One Dot Sixs
(or, as applicable, such Third Party Purchasers) use of the Terrestrial Rights suffer (or could be reasonably expected to suffer)
radiofrequency interference [***] as a result of ASTs use of the Usage Rights for SCS within such Terrestrial Service Zone,
then One Dot Sixs (or, as applicable, such Third Party Purchasers) use of the Terrestrial Rights shall preempt and be given
precedence over any use by AST of the Usage Rights, and AST shall as soon as possible, and in any event no later than five (5) days,
discontinue or modify its use of the Usage Rights (in a manner that ends such interference) within such Terrestrial Service Zone following
written notice from One Dot Six (or, as applicable, such Third Party Purchaser) to the extent that such use of the Usage Rights causes
such interference; provided that, to the extent that AST is unable to resolve such harmful interference to Ligados reasonable
satisfaction within five (5) days after ASTs receipt of such notice, AST shall immediately discontinue its use of the Usage Rights
within the applicable Terrestrial Service Zone (each such instance, a Preemption). 

1.6
Material Interference. Subject at all times to One Dot Sixs (or, as applicable, a Third Party Purchasers) rights
to Preemption set forth in Section 1.5, AST shall use reasonable efforts to promptly resolve material episodes of harmful interference
([***]) as described in further detail in Exhibit 1 (Usage Rights Technical Requirements) attached hereto that degrade
the real-world utility of the Terrestrial Rights after receipt of a technical showing demonstrating that ASTs exercise of the
Usage Rights are the immediate cause of such interference.

Section
2 TERM.

2.1
Term. The term of this Agreement (the Term) shall commence on the Effective Date (as defined
in the Collaboration Agreement) and shall continue, unless earlier terminated under Section 8 of this Agreement, (i) until the
expiration or termination of the Lease, except following a Consummation Termination (as defined below), or (ii) following a Consummation
Termination, in automatic successive renewal periods of two (2) years each unless and until AST elects to not renew this Agreement upon
written notice to One Dot Six at least three (3) months prior to the end of the then current two-year renewal period.

Section
3 USAGE PAYMENTS.

3.1
Usage Payments. From the Effective Date until a Consummation Termination (or, if there is no Consummation Termination, the end
of the Term), subject to Section 3.3, AST shall pay to One Dot Six in consideration for the Usage Rights in accordance with Section
3.2:

3.1.1
the Annual Lease Fee (as defined in Section 5 of the Lease), in cash (the Usage Fee); plus

3.1.2
a number of shares of Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (AST Parent) equal
to (a) thirty percent (30%) of the cash value of the Annual Lease Fee divided by (b) the average of the volume weighted averages of the
trading price of Parent Common Stock (as defined in the Framework Agreement) on NASDAQ (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. or,
if not reported thereby, by another authoritative source mutually selected by AST and Ligado in good faith) on each of the thirty (30)
consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day prior to the payment date (Parent Share Price), rounded
down to the nearest whole number (the Usage Premium, and together with the Usage Fee, the Usage Payments).

6

3.2
Usage Payments Timing. Within five (5) days after the Effective Date and on or prior to January 1 of each year thereafter during
the Term, One Dot Six shall deliver to AST a written report that sets forth, with reasonable detail, the Usage Fee for such calendar
year together with the date(s) by which One Dot Six is required to pay the corresponding Annual Lease Fee to OP. The Usage Fee incurred
after the Effective Date shall become due and payable to One Dot Six no later than ten (10) days prior to the date that the corresponding
Annual Lease Fee is due and payable from One Dot Six to OP; provided, that AST shall be obligated to provide to One Dot Six, at least
sixty (60) days prior each such Annual Lease Fee becoming due and payable to OP (or, if such payment is due to OP within sixty (60) days
after the Effective Date, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date), documentation showing that an amount equal to
the applicable Usage Fee (excluding such Usage Premium) is held in an escrow account in accordance with an escrow agreement (the Escrow
Agreement) to be negotiated by the Parties after the Effective Date in accordance with the agreed principles set forth in
set forth in Exhibit 2 (Escrow Agreement Agreed Principles). The Usage Premium shall become due and payable to One Dot Six on
the date that the corresponding Annual Lease Fee is due and payable from One Dot Six to OP; provided further, that AST shall not be required
to pay any Usage Premium until after the Plan Confirmation Date. All accumulated Usage Premium amounts (with respect to Usage Payments
incurred after the Effective Date) remaining unpaid as of the Plan Confirmation Date (the True-Up Payment) shall
become due and payable by AST to One Dot Six within thirty (30) days after the Plan Confirmation Date. Nothing in this Agreement shall
require AST to pay any amount with respect to any portion of any Annual Lease Fee incurred prior to the Effective Date, or to pay any
Usage Premium prior to the Plan Confirmation Date. Any amounts deposited into the escrow account by AST pursuant to this Section 3.2
shall be free and clear of all liens and/or other security interests at the time of deposit. No later than five (5) Business Days
prior to such time that any amounts are due and payable by AST to One Dot Six pursuant to this Section 3.2, the Parties shall
deliver to the escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement (the Escrow Agent) a joint written instruction in accordance
with the Escrow Agreement directing the Escrow Agent to disburse such amounts to One Dot Six (or, at One Dot Sixs election, to
OP) on the date such amounts will become due and payable hereunder or, to the extent the payment is being made directly to OP, on the
date on which the Annual Lease Fee will become due and payable to OP.

3.3
Usage Payments Adjustment. In the event that, [***] during the Term, AST is unable to exercise all or part of the Usage
Rights due to any act or omission of One Dot Six or its partners or customers, including due to any Preemption, the Usage Payments payable
with respect to such period shall be adjusted as set forth in Exhibit 3 (Usage Payments Preemption-Based Adjustments).

Section
4 SPECTRUM OPTION.

4.1
Exercise of Spectrum Option. For a period of seven (7) years beginning on the Effective Date and upon thirty (30) days
prior written notice to One Dot Six, AST shall have the right to direct One Dot Six to exercise the Spectrum Option on a specified Exercise
Date (or as permitted by Section 5.2(c) of the Master Agreement) by One Dot Sixs delivery of an Exercise Notice to OP (Spectrum
Option, Exercise Date and Exercise Notice, each as defined in Section 5.2 of the Master Agreement).

7

4.2
Spectrum Option Payment. In consideration for One Dot Six exercising the Spectrum Option in accordance with Section 4.1
of this Agreement, AST shall pay to One Dot Six in accordance with Section 4.3:

4.2.1
the Exercise Price (as defined in Section 5.2 of the Master Agreement), subject to any set-offs permitted by the terms
of the Master Agreement, in cash; plus

4.2.2
a number of shares of Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of AST Parent equal to (a) thirty percent (30%) of the cash
value of the Exercise Price divided by (b) the Parent Share Price as calculated on the date of the payment of the Exercise Price
in accordance with Section 4.3, rounded down to the nearest whole number (the Spectrum Option Premium and
together with the Exercise Price, the Spectrum Option Payment).

4.3
Spectrum Option Payment Timing. No later than sixty (60) days before the Exercise Date, AST shall provide to One Dot Six documentation
showing that an amount equal to Exercise Price is held in an escrow account in accordance with the Escrow Agreement. The Exercise Price
shall be due and payable from AST to One Dot Six no later than ten (10) days prior to the Exercise Price becoming due and payable to
OP pursuant to the terms of the Master Agreement and the Spectrum Option Premium shall be due and payable from AST to One Dot Six on
the Exercise Date; provided that, if the Exercise Date is prior to the Plan Confirmation Date or if the FCC has not approved the Consent
Application (as defined below), AST Parent shall only be required to issue such Class A Common Stock within fifteen (15) days after (a)
the Plan Confirmation Date or (b) the date the FCC approves the Consent Application (whichever is later). Any amounts deposited into
the escrow account by AST pursuant to this Section 4.3 shall be free and clear of all liens and/or other security interests at
the time of deposit. No later than five (5) Business Days prior to such time that any amounts are due and payable by AST to One Dot Six
pursuant to this Section 4.3, the Parties shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a joint written instruction in accordance with the
Escrow Agreement directing the Escrow Agent to disburse such amounts to One Dot Six (or, at One Dot Sixs election, to OP) on the
date such amounts will become due and payable hereunder or, to the extent the payment is being made directly to OP, on the date on which
the Exercise Price will become due and payable to OP.

4.4
FCC Consent. Within ten (10) Business Days following the Exercise Date, One Dot Six shall prepare and use reasonable best efforts
to cause OP to file an application to the FCC for consent to assign the License from OP to One Dot Six in accordance with Section 5.2
of the Lease (the Consent Application). Following the filing of the Consent Application, One Dot Six shall cooperate
with OP and use commercially reasonable efforts to seek FCC approval of the Consent Application. Upon One Dot Sixs or OPs
request, AST agrees to execute and deliver such documents and take or cause to be taken such actions as may be necessary or advisable
in furtherance of such Consent Application. If the FCC (i) denies the Consent Application, (ii) does not consent to assignment of the
License within one-year of the filing of the Consent Application, or (iii) does not consent to the assignment of the License while the
Lease is effective, One Dot Six shall terminate the Spectrum Option, return the aggregate cash value of the Exercise Price to AST within
thirty (30) days after such successful termination and shall have no continuing obligation to seek OPs assignment of the License
to One Dot Six. This paragraph shall not preclude (i) the Parties from extending this one-year period if AST so requests, and OP consents
to extend the one-year period under Section 5.2(g) of the Master Agreement, nor (ii) AST from exercising the Spectrum Option on any subsequent
valid Exercise Date pursuant to the provisions and requirements of this Section 4 and Section 5.2 of the Master Agreement.

8

4.5
Consummation of Spectrum Option. Following the Closing Date (as defined in Section 5.2 of the Master Agreement),
and notwithstanding any termination of the Lease under Section 10(a)(iv)
of the Lease (a Consummation Termination), this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties (other than
ASTs obligation to make the Usage Payments) hereunder shall continue in full force for the duration of the Term, and any cross-references
herein to definitions in the Lease shall be given effect as if no such Consummation Termination had occurred.

4.6
Usage Premium and Spectrum Option Payment. In connection with any issuance of Parent Common Stock to discharge ASTs obligation
to pay the Usage Premium and the Spectrum Option Payment, Ligado agrees to execute and deliver to AST any customary documentation and
certificates (and provide any account-opening information) reasonably requested by AST or ASTs transfer agent in order to implement
the issuance of the Parent Common Stock.

Section
5 REVENUE SHARING.

5.1
Revenue Share. Upon consummation of any direct or indirect disposal, whether in a single transaction or a series of transactions,
of any interest (whether through an actual sale, long-term lease or sale of a majority interest in One Dot Six) of the Leased Spectrum
and/or the Terrestrial Rights by One Dot Six to a third party (a Third Party Purchaser) that occurs after the Effective
Date (a Terrestrial Sale), One Dot Six shall pay in cash to AST a portion of the amount of revenues generated from
each such sale (the Revenue Share Payment), which portion shall be calculated in accordance with the following:

5.1.1
Fifty percent (50%) of any proceeds in excess of One Billion Two Hundred Fifty Million US Dollars (US$1,250,000,000) but less than or
equal to One Billion Seven Hundred Fifty Million US Dollars (US$1,750,000,000) generated from any Terrestrial Sales, in aggregate; and

5.1.2
For aggregate proceeds in excess of One Billion Seven Hundred Fifty Million US Dollars (US$1,750,000,000), the amount calculated in Section
5.1.1;plus seventy-five percent (75%) of any proceeds in excess of One Billion Seven Hundred Fifty Million US Dollars (US$1,750,000,000)
generated from any Terrestrial Sales, in aggregate.

By
way of illustration only, if the aggregate proceeds from one or more Terrestrial Sales total Two Billion US Dollars (US$2,000,000,000),
the Revenue Share Payment payable to AST shall be Four Hundred Thirty Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars (US$437,500,000),
being the sum of Two Hundred Fifty Million US Dollars (US$250,000,000) and One Hundred Eighty Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand US
Dollars (US$187,500,000).

9

5.2
Revenue Share Payment Timing. The Revenue Share Payment for each Terrestrial Sale shall be due and payable from One Dot Six to
AST in cash within ten (10) Business Days following the date that One Dot Six receives the revenues generated from the applicable Third
Party Purchaser in connection with the related Terrestrial Sale.

5.3
Usage Payment Credits. In lieu of payment of any portion of the Revenue Share Payment in cash and upon fifteen (15) Business Days
prior written notice to One Dot Six, AST, at its sole discretion, may request that the Revenue Share Payment be paid from One Dot Six
to AST in the form of a credit that may be offset against existing or future Usage Payments.

5.4
Restriction on Terrestrial Sale. Subject to ASTs compliance with the terms of this Agreement and to One Dot Sixs
(and, as applicable, a Third Party Purchasers) rights to Preemption, any Terrestrial Sale shall be subject to the rights of AST
and its Affiliates under this Agreement, and One Dot Six shall use reasonable best efforts ensure that such rights are not foreseeably
adversely affected by the consummation of any such Terrestrial Sale.

Section
6 REGULATORY COOPERATION.

6.1
License Renewal. AST and One Dot Six shall use commercially reasonable efforts, including but not limited to the AST obligations
set forth in this Section 6.1, and shall fully cooperate with each other (and OP, as applicable before the Closing Date) to obtain
renewals of the License (and to obtain any required FCC approvals for the continuation of the Lease as a long-term de facto transfer
lease of the Leased Spectrum, as applicable before the Closing Date), including as may be assigned to One Dot Six after the Closing Date.
[***]

6.2
Notification of Violation or Material Changes. Each Party shall promptly (but in no event later than five (5) Business Days or
such earlier date that is prudent under the circumstances) notify the other Party if the first Party becomes aware of the occurrence
of any (i) violations, or inquiries or allegations of violations, which relate to ASTs operation of network facilities utilizing
the Leased Spectrum pursuant to the Usage Rights, or (ii) inquiries or regulatory proceedings by the FCC initiated with respect to this
Agreement, that may reasonably impact One Dot Sixs qualifications to hold the right to lease the Leased Spectrum. Each Party shall
also promptly (but in no event later than five (5) Business Days or such earlier date that is prudent under the circumstances) inform
the other Party of any other written or oral communications with the FCC or other Governmental Authority (as defined in
the Master Agreement) concerning the other Partys utilization of the Usage Rights or the Terrestrial Rights, as applicable. In
the event that the FCC or other Governmental Authority initiates an investigation or inquiry of which either Party becomes aware concerning
the other Party in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Partys actions or operations hereunder, such Party shall
(i) promptly (but in no event later than five (5) Business Days or such earlier date that is prudent under the circumstances) notify
the other Party thereof, (ii) cooperate with the other Party, OP, and the FCC or other Governmental Authority and (iii) use its commercially
reasonable efforts to remediate any violations by the other Party of FCC rules or other applicable law arising from such investigation
or inquiry.

10

6.3
Obligations as Service Provider. AST shall comply with any and all obligations that apply to AST directly as a result of its own
status as a service provider of SCS. One Dot Six shall comply with any and all obligations that apply to One Dot Six directly as a result
of its own status as a service provider of the Leased Spectrum.

6.4
Communication and Audit Rights. Upon One Dot Sixs reasonable request and on fifteen (15) Business Days prior written
notice, AST shall meet (in-person or virtually) with One Dot Six to discuss ASTs use of the Usage Rights. During such meetings,
AST shall disclose in detail any complaints that it has received regarding radiofrequency interference resulting from its use of the
Usage Rights. AST shall also fully disclose in detail any operational problems with its use of the Usage Rights that are inconsistent
with FCC Rules.

6.5
[***]

6.6
Backstop Security. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Terrestrial Rights may be used as security for Ligado to obtain
a Backstop Commitment (as defined in the Framework Agreement) on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Framework Agreement,
and the Parties shall negotiate in good faith any amendments to this Agreement to the extent necessary to permit such Backstop Commitment.

Section
7 Monetization, [***]

7.1
Reevaluation of Monetization. At any time following the third anniversary of ASTs SCS usage, the Parties shall negotiate
in good faith to consider any mutually acceptable amendments to this Agreement that optimize the monetization of the Terrestrial Rights
and Usage Rights.

7.2
[***]

7.3
[***]

11

Section
8 TERMINATION

8.1
Automatic Termination. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the occurrence of:

8.1.1
the expiration without renewal of the License;

8.1.2
an FCC Final Order (as defined in the Lease) revoking, terminating or canceling the License;

8.1.3
with respect to all or substantially all of the Leased Spectrum, if such Leased Spectrum is lawfully reclaimed or taken by the FCC or
any other Governmental Authority; or

8.1.4
the termination of the Lease; provided that, if such termination is the result of a Consummation Termination, this Agreement shall continue,
and the Consummation Termination shall not affect the Parties rights and obligations under this Agreement.

8.2
Termination of the Collaboration Agreement Either Party shall be entitled, at its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement
upon the termination or expiration of the Collaboration Agreement following thirty (30) Business Days written notice thereof to the other
Party.

8.3
Termination for Non-Payment. One Dot Six shall be entitled, at its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement, if AST fails
to make a Usage Payment, a Spectrum Option Payment or the True-Up Payment, and such failure continues for fifteen (15) Business Days
after One Dot Six provides written notice thereof to AST.

8.4
Termination for Material Breach. Either Party, provided that it is not currently in default of a material provision of this Agreement,
may terminate this Agreement in the event of a material breach of this Agreement by the other Party, upon written notice of such material
breach to the other Party if the other Party has not cured such material breach within thirty (30) Business Days after receipt of such
written notice; provided, that if such material breach (i) is not related to a payment obligation of either of the Parties, (ii)
cannot reasonably be cured within a thirty (30) day period, (iii) the breaching Party promptly takes diligent actions to cure the breach
and (iv) the continuation of such material breach does not result in a default under the Lease, then the cure period for such breach
shall be extended to sixty (60) days.

12

8.5
[***]

8.6
Termination for Substantial Preemption. AST shall be entitled, at its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement in the event
that AST (or its Affiliates) is unable to exercise the Substantial Preemption Amount (as defined in Exhibit 3 (Usage
Payments Preemption-Based Adjustments)).

8.7
Termination for Excessive Force Majeure. Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written
notice to the other Party if the other Party is prevented from carrying out any of its material obligations under this Agreement for
more than one hundred and eighty (180) days due to a Force Majeure Event.

8.8
Other Termination Events. This Agreement may be terminated at any time:

8.8.1
by either AST or Ligado, at any time before the Plan Effective Date, if the RSA is terminated; or

8.8.2
by AST, if the Plan Effective Date has not occurred on or prior to the Outside Date (as defined in the RSA).

8.9
Effect of Termination. Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, if either Party exercises its rights to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 8, then: (a) AST shall surrender the Usage Rights to One Dot Six and cease using the Usage
Rights as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement (or as soon as possible thereafter, if not possible to cease use as
of such effective date of termination); and (b) neither Party shall have any continuing liabilities or obligations of any kind to the
other Party as of the effective date of such termination (without prejudice to any liabilities accrued prior to such termination, including
for breach of this Agreement, or with respect to any other remedies expressly set forth in this Agreement), and this Agreement shall
terminate and cease to have any further force or effect except with respect to any provisions that expressly survive termination. 

Section
9 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS.

9.1
Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that:

9.1.1
It has the right, power, and authority to execute and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

9.1.2
It has taken all requisite corporate or governmental action to approve the extension, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, and
this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

13

9.1.3
The execution, delivery, and performance by it of its obligations hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
will not result in a violation of, or default under, any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its
property is bound, its organization or governing documents or any law, regulation, rule, or judgment of any court or governmental or
other agency having jurisdiction over it or any of its properties.

9.1.4
To its knowledge, there is no outstanding judgment, pending or threatened litigation or proceeding involving or affecting the execution,
delivery or performance of this Agreement.

9.1.5
Neither it nor, to its knowledge, anyone acting on its behalf, has at any time in the past five years engaged in or facilitated, directly
or indirectly, any material violation of laws, rules, or regulations relating to (i) sanctions or the export or import of commodities,
technical data, products, or services, including, but not limited to, those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the
U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce (Sanctions and
Export Control Laws); or (ii) the prohibition of bribery or corruption, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, and any other applicable corruption or bribery law (Anti-Bribery Laws).

9.2
Representations and Warranties of One Dot Six. One Dot Six represents and warrants to AST that:

9.2.1
The Master Agreement and Lease are each in full force and effect and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each party
thereto enforceable against each such party in accordance with its terms.

9.2.2
One Dot Six is also in all material respects in compliance with the terms of the Master Agreement and Lease and, to One Dot Sixs
knowledge, there is no basis upon which CCIC or OP would be entitled to terminate the Master Agreement or the Lease.

9.2.3
To One Dot Sixs knowledge, CCIC and OP are in all material respects in compliance with the terms of the Master Agreement, and
OP is in all material respects in compliance with the terms of the Lease.

9.2.4
To One Dot Sixs knowledge, no Governmental Authority (i) has used, or is using, the Leased Spectrum in a manner that conflicts
(or would reasonably be expected to conflict) in any material respect with ASTs planned use of the Leased Spectrum or (ii) opposes
ASTs planned use of the Leased Spectrum in any material respect.

9.2.5
One Dot Six has not granted any Person any right to use any Leased Spectrum for SCS.

9.2.6
Exhibit 4 (Ligado Licenses) contains a complete and accurate list of all licenses (including the License) held by OP, One Dot
Six or any of their Affiliates for use of the Leased Spectrum as of the date of this Agreement. Such licenses are valid and in force
and, to One Dot Sixs knowledge, there is no basis for any Governmental Authority to revoke or cancel any such licenses.

14

9.2.7
There are no actual or threatened claims, proceedings, or other actions (including before the ITU or other Governmental Authority) that
challenge One Dot Sixs full access to the Leased Spectrum.

9.2.8
[***]

9.3
General Covenants. Each Party covenants to the other Party that:

9.3.1
It shall comply with the laws, permits, and licenses of any territory where this Agreement is in effect. Should such Governmental Authoritys
claims be contrary to this Agreement or to the Parties obligations under this Agreement, then it shall undertake, to the extent
possible, any reasonably necessary actions to change, cancel, or otherwise overcome such claims in order to give effect to this Agreement
and the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

9.3.2
It shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, or regulations relating to Sanctions and Export Control Laws.

9.3.3
When performing its obligations under this Agreement, it shall not, and it shall not authorize or permit any Person acting for or on
behalf of it to, directly or indirectly (a) give, offer or promise, or authorize (or tolerate to be given, offered, or promised) anything
of value to an official or employee of government or of any subdivision thereof or to use its influence to effect or influence any act
or decision of a government or any subdivision thereof in violation of any Anti-Bribery Law; or (b) take any other action that constitutes
a violation of any Anti-Bribery Law.

9.3.4
It shall use commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate and execute the Escrow Agreement no later than ten (10) Business Days after
the Effective Date.

9.4
AST Covenants. AST covenants to One Dot Six that:

9.4.1
AST shall comply with any and all applicable (i) requirements of the License applicable to it and provisions of the Communications Act
of 1934, 47 USC 151 et seq., as amended, and (ii) FCC Rules that apply to commercial operations in the Leased Spectrum, including
47 CFR 27.6(f), 27.14, 27.50(f)(l), 27.53(j), 27.903, 1.924, and the relevant portion of 1.9005-1.9080;

9.4.2
AST shall promptly (but in no event later than ten (10) Business Days or such earlier date that is prudent under the circumstances) notify
One Dot Six in writing of any communication, written or oral, from the FCC relating to the Leased Spectrum or ASTs use of the
Usage Rights that reasonably could affect negatively One Dot Sixs qualifications to be the lessee of the Spectrum or affect One
Dot Sixs or OPs use of the Leased Spectrum or OPs status as a licensee of the Licensed Spectrum and shall only respond
to the FCC regarding the aforementioned in collaboration with and through One Dot Six and/or OP;

15

9.4.3
AST shall promptly (but in no event later than ten (10) Business Days or such earlier date that is prudent under the circumstances) notify
One Dot Six in writing of inquiries made by the FCC relating to the Leased Spectrum and ASTs operations under the Usage Rights
and shall only respond to the FCC regarding the aforementioned in collaboration with and through One Dot Six and/or OP;

9.4.4
AST shall refrain from taking any actions that reasonably could be viewed as (i) jeopardizing OPs qualifications under FCC Rules
to lease the Leased Spectrum or that otherwise jeopardizes the License, including renewal of the License or (ii) jeopardizing, objecting
to, interfering with, preventing or otherwise materially inhibiting the consummation of any Terrestrial Sale to a Third Party Purchaser;

9.4.5
[***]; and

9.4.6
AST shall use reasonable best efforts to assist One Dot Six and OP in renewing the License.

9.5
One Dot Six Covenants. One Dot Six covenants to AST that, during the Term:

9.5.1
One Dot Six shall comply with the Master Agreement and the Lease in all material respects (and, for this purpose, all payment obligations
shall be considered material obligations) and not take or omit to take any action that could result in termination of either agreement.

9.5.2
Without prejudice to Section 9.5.3, notify AST as soon as is reasonably practicable of any amendment, waiver or breach of the
Master Agreement or Lease that could reasonably be expected to affect ASTs intended exercise of the Usage Right.

9.5.3
One Dot Six shall not amend, waive any right under or breach of, or exercise any right to terminate the Master Agreement or the Lease
in a manner that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect ASTs intended exercise of the Usage Right, or agree, threaten
or give notice to do any of the foregoing, in each case, without ASTs prior written consent.

9.5.4
One Dox Six shall notify AST as soon as reasonably practicable after it receives any claims or notices (whether written or oral) from
CCIC, OP, or any of their respective representatives, alleging any breach of the Master Agreement or the Lease or grounds on which the
Master Agreement or the Lease may be terminated, and reasonably consult with AST in connection with the response to and resolution of
any such claims or notices; provided, however, that: (i) such consultations may be conducted by One Dot Six in any manner that protects
attorney-client privilege or any other legal privilege and (ii) One Dot Six shall have ultimate control over the responses to, and resolutions
of, such claims or notices (except that, in respect of (ii), Ligado shall not respond to such claims or notices in a manner that could
reasonably be expected to adversely affect ASTs intended exercise of the Usage Right without ASTs prior written consent).

16

9.5.5
One Dot Six shall take reasonable best efforts to maintain the Leased Spectrum, including by maintaining in force (a) the License, (b)
any other permits or approvals required from any Governmental Authority to use the Leased Spectrum and (c) [***].

9.5.6
In consultation with and to the extent reasonably requested by AST, One Dot Six shall enforce its rights under the Master Agreement and
the Lease to the extent that CCIC and/or OP (as applicable) is in breach of the Master Agreement or the Lease (as applicable) and such
breach adversely affects in any material respect the intended exercise of the Usage Right.

9.5.7
No later than the Plan Effective Date, One Dot Six shall assume the Master Agreement and the Lease pursuant to Section 365 of the Bankruptcy
Code.

9.6
Intellectual Property Rights. During the Term, One Dot Six, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to AST and its
Affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, paid-up, irrevocable (subject to Section 8), sublicensable, transferrable
(in accordance with Section 15.3) license to use any Intellectual Property Rights owned or controlled by One Dot Six or any of
its Affiliates to the extent necessary or useful for ASTs exercise of the Usage Right.

Section
10 TAXES, LATE PAYMENTS AND SET-OFF.

10.1
Taxes. Each Party shall pay all sales, goods and services, and other similar taxes imposed on or payable with respect to payments
such Party is otherwise required to make under this Agreement (collectively, Sales Taxes) (excluding, for purposes
of clarification, income taxes of the other Party), subject to the receipt from the other Party of a valid invoice required by law to
be issued in connection with such Sales Taxes. Each Party shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any payment under this Agreement
all taxes that such Party is required to deduct and withhold under any applicable provision of Law. All such amounts withheld and properly
paid over to the appropriate taxing authority shall be treated as having been paid to the person in respect of whom such deduction and
withholding was made. Each Party shall promptly provide the other Party with any applicable tax forms and certifications (including IRS
Form W-9 or the applicable version of IRS Form W-8) reasonably requested and shall promptly provide an update of any such tax form or
certificate previously delivered if the same has become incorrect or has expired.

10.2
Payments.

10.2.1
Amounts due and payable in respect of Usage Payments, the Spectrum Option Payment and Revenue Share Payments shall be paid by the specified
Party on or before the applicable date that such amounts are due and payable without any requirement for the provision of an invoice
or other notice from the non-paying Party. Any payment under this Agreement due and payable on a date that is not a Business Day shall
be made on or before the Business Day immediately preceding such date.

17

10.2.2
Payments of the Usage Fee, the Exercise Price and Revenue Share Payments shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds
to the bank account specified in Schedule 1 (Places of Payment) attached hereto, as applicable, or to such other account as may
be notified in writing by the non-paying Party to the paying Party.

10.3
Interest for Late Payments. If an amount due under this Agreement is not paid within the applicable due date of such payment as
identified in this Agreement, all such payments shall bear interest at the federal funds rate as published by the Wall Street Journal
starting on the date such payment is due until but excluding the date the overdue amount and the interest are paid.

Section
11 CONFIDENTIALITY.

11.1
Confidentiality. Each Party (each a Receiving Party) shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates shall, treat
as strictly confidential all of the other Partys (each a Disclosing Party) Confidential Information
(as defined in the Collaboration Agreement) and shall not, except with the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, make use of
(save for the purposes of performing its obligations or exercising its rights under Transaction Agreement) or disclose to any Person
(other than in accordance with this Section 11) any Confidential Information. Each Receiving Party undertakes that it shall (and
shall ensure that its Affiliates shall) only disclose Confidential Information to its Representatives where it is reasonably required
for the purposes of exercising its rights or performing its obligations under this Agreement and only where the Representatives
(as defined in the Collaboration Agreement) are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and the provisions
of this Section 11 and such Representatives are bound to abide by confidentiality obligations substantially as protective as those
contained herein. The Receiving Party shall be liable for any violation of this Section 11 by its Representatives. The confidentiality
obligations set forth in this Section 11 shall bind the Receiving Party (a) with respect to Confidential Information that is a
trade secret right or business secret, for so long as such Confidential Information remains a trade secret right or business secret under
applicable Law, and (b) with respect to all other Confidential Information perpetually unless any of the exceptions set forth in Section
11.2 applies.

11.2
Exceptions. Notwithstanding Section 11.1, a Receiving Party shall have the limited right to disclose Confidential Information
to the extent that such disclosure is:

11.2.1
required by applicable Law or by any stock exchange or any Governmental Authority having applicable jurisdiction and the Receiving Party
(or its Affiliate) has (to the extent legally permissible and reasonably practicable in the circumstances) given the Disclosing Party
sufficient prior notice in order for the Disclosing Party to obtain a protective order or other appropriate remedy;

11.2.2
[***];

11.2.3
[***];

18

11.2.4
to a Third Party Purchaser, OP and/or CCIC for the purpose of, and to the extent reasonably necessary for, consummating a Terrestrial
Sale; or

11.2.5
(to the extent AST is the Receiving Party) required in order to facilitate any financing transaction proposed to be entered into by AST
or its Affiliates; provided, however, that such disclosure is made only to those parties on an as-needed basis and any
third party who has access to the Confidential Information is subject to confidentiality obligations and restrictions at least as protective
of the Confidential Information as set forth herein.

Section
12 INDEMNIFICATION.

12.1
General Indemnification. Each Party agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the other Party and each of its Affiliates
(as defined in the Collaboration Agreement), members, officers, managers, directors and employees (each, an Indemnitee)
harmless against any and all Losses (as defined in the Collaboration Agreement) incurred by such Indemnitee arising from,
relating to, or incurred in connection with any Claim (as defined in the Collaboration Agreement) arising out of or related
to: (a) the breach of any representation or warranty made by such Party, (b) such Partys material breach of this Agreement, or
(c) the operation of such Party prior to the Effective Date.

12.2
Indemnification of One Dot Six. AST agrees to indemnify, defend and hold One Dot Six, Ligado and each of their Indemnitees harmless
against any and all Losses incurred by One Dot Six, Ligado or the applicable Indemnitees to the extent arising out of a third party claim
against One Dot Six, Ligado or the applicable Indemnitees relating to ASTs provision of SCS under the Usage Rights.

12.3
Indemnification of AST. One Dot Six agrees to indemnify, defend and hold AST and each of their Indemnitees harmless against any
and all Losses incurred by AST or the applicable Indemnitees (i) in connection with One Dot Sixs failure to comply with the Master
Agreement or the Lease; and (ii) to the extent arising out of a third party claim against AST or the applicable Indemnitees relating
to One Dot Sixs or Ligados use or provision to customers or partners of the Leased Spectrum.

Section
13 Limitation of Liability.

13.1
Limitation on Damages. Except with respect to the applicable Partys indemnification obligations for third party claims
under Section 12, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for any indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or special
damages of any nature arising out of or relating to this Agreement, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise.

13.2
Disclaimer. Except as set forth in this Agreement, One Dot Six makes no warranty, express or implied, to AST with respect to the
Leased Spectrum, the Usage Rights or [***], including (i) any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose or any warranty as to the quality of the Leased Spectrum or the Usage Rights and (ii) [***].

19

13.3
Liability Cap. Each Partys liability for any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort
or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including
claims of negligence, breach of contract or warranty, failure of a remedy to accomplish its essential purpose or otherwise, will in no
case exceed the aggregate amount of the Usage Payments actually paid by AST to One Dot Six.

Section
14 Governing Law and Dispute Resolution.

14.1
Governing Law. This Agreement and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise)
based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Delaware.

14.2
Dispute Resolution. Other than with respect to any disputes arising pursuant to Section 3.2 or Section 4.3 relating
to the delivery by the Parties of a joint written instruction to the Escrow Agent, if during the term of this Agreement, a dispute arises
between the Parties, or one Party perceives the other as acting unfairly or unreasonably, or a question of interpretation arises hereunder,
then the Parties respective representatives (as identified in Schedule 2 (Dispute Resolution Representatives) attached
hereto) shall promptly confer and exert commercially reasonable efforts to reach a reasonable and equitable resolution of the dispute.
If the representatives are unable to resolve the issue within ten (10) Business Days, then the representative of the Party that initially
raised the dispute shall develop a description of the dispute, identify such dispute as primarily either technical or commercial
in nature and refer such dispute within two (2) Business Days of the lapse of the aforementioned ten (10) Business Days to: (i) a member
of the Parties technical team in the event such dispute is technical; or (ii) a member of the Parties executive
team (other than the chief executive officer) if the dispute is commercial or other. If such member of the
Parties technical team or executive team (other than the chief executive officer), as applicable, is unable to resolve such dispute
within ten (10) Business Days, then such dispute will be referred to each Parties chief executive officer for resolution. Neither
Party shall seek judicial resolution of any dispute arising in connection with this Agreement until the chief executive officer of each
Party has had at least ten (10) Business Days to attempt to resolve the dispute following referral of the dispute to such chief executive
officers.

14.3
Venue. Each Party agrees to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the federal and state courts in Delaware, for any
dispute arising out of this Agreement. 

14.4
Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of AST and One Dot Six hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding
or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this agreement or the actions of AST or
One Dot Six in the negotiation, administration, performance and enforcement hereof. Each Party certifies and acknowledges that (a) no
representative, agent or attorney of any other Party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other Party would not, in the
event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver, (b) each Party understands and has considered the implication of this waiver,
(c) each Party makes this waiver voluntarily, and (d) each Party has been induced to enter into this agreement by, among other things,
the mutual waivers and certifications in this section.

20

14.5
Usage Rights Continuation. Provided that, and for so long as, AST is in compliance with all of its obligations under this Agreement,
including its obligations to pay Usage Fees, then AST shall continue to have the Usage Right notwithstanding any purported rejection
of the Agreement by Ligado or One Dot Six under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code in connection with any future case under the Bankruptcy
Code. One Dot Six and AST have articulated good, sufficient, and sound business justification for ASTs right to retain all rights
to use the Usage Right, notwithstanding any purported rejection of this Agreement under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, in accordance
with the previous sentence. Namely, among other things, this right (a) was negotiated by One Dot Six, AST, and their respective advisors
at arms-length and in good faith, (b) is necessary to ensure that AST will receive the benefits of its bargain under this Agreement,
and (c) is fair, reasonable, and appropriate in light of ASTs substantial investment in reliance on the Usage Right, including
providing certain payments and contributions to One Dot Six and substantial expenditures for technology and regulatory compliance necessary
to exercise the Usage Right.

Section
15 MISCELLANEOUS.

15.1
Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and delivered by (a) email, and shall be deemed to
have been duly delivered and received hereunder on the date of dispatch by the sender thereof (to the extent that no bounce back
or similar message indicating non-delivery is received with respect thereto), or (b) nationally recognized overnight courier service
(providing proof of delivery), in each case, to the intended recipient as set forth below (or to such other recipient as designated in
a written notice to the other Party hereto in accordance with this Section 15.1):

if
to AST, to:

AST
& Science, LLC

AST
Midland International Air & Space Port

2901
Enterprise Lane

Midland,
Texas 79706

Attention:
Chief Legal Officer

Email:

with
a copy to:

if
to One Dot Six, to:

One
Dot Six LLC

c/o
Ligado Networks LLC

10802
Parkridge Boulevard

Reston,
Virginia 20191

Attention:
General Counsel

Email:

15.2
Publicity. No public announcement, release, or other public disclosure of information relating to this Agreement, including the
existence of this Agreement, shall be made by either Party except as required by law or by prior written agreement of the Parties and/or
their Affiliates, as applicable.

21

15.3
Assignment. Except as permitted under this Section 15.3, this Agreement shall not be assigned, delegated, or transferred,
in full or in part, as security or otherwise, or delegated to any other individual, firm, institution, organization or government agency
by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may assign this Agreement
to: (a) any Person that acquires all or substantially all of the assets of such Party; or (b) an Affiliate provided that, in each case
of clause (a) and (b), the assignment will not impair the other Partys rights under this Agreement; provided further that, in
the case of clause (b), no such assignment to an Affiliate shall relieve the assigning Party of its obligations under this Agreement
if such Affiliate does not fully and timely perform such obligations. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding on and
inure to the benefit of the Parties respective successors and permitted assigns. Any assignment, delegation, or transfer of this
Agreement made in contravention of the terms hereof shall be null and void. 

15.4
Force Majeure. Neither Party will be liable for any nonperformance under this Agreement (other than the obligation to pay amounts
due and payable hereunder) due to causes beyond its reasonable control that could not have been reasonably anticipated by the non-performing
Party and that cannot be reasonably avoided or overcome (each such cause, a Force Majeure Event); if: (a) the non-performing
Party gives the other Party prompt written notice of such cause, and in any event, within ten (10) calendar days after its discovery;
and (b) such nonperformance will be excused only during the period when the Force Majeure Event occurs, continues to exist and cannot
be reasonably overcome.

15.5
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including any schedules, annexes and exhibits hereto and the documents and instruments and other
agreements among the Parties hereto as contemplated by or referred to herein, including the Exhibits hereto) and the other AST Definitive
Agreements constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, the Confidentiality Agreement and the Confidential Binding Terms of Strategic Collaboration, dated January 5, 2025, by and
between AST & Science, LLC and Ligado Networks LLC).

15.6
No Joint Venture or Agency. None of the provisions of this Agreement will be deemed to constitute a partnership, joint venture,
or any other similar relationship between the Parties, and neither Party will have any authority to bind the other Party in any manner,
except as expressly indicated in this Agreement. Neither Party will have or hold itself out as having any right, authority or agency
to act on behalf of the other Party in any capacity or in any manner, except as may be expressly authorized in this Agreement. Without
limitation to the foregoing, the Parties agree (a) that the transactions contemplated herein are not intended to give rise to a partnership
for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes, and (b) not to file any tax return or take any tax position inconsistent
with such treatment, unless required by applicable law following a determination (within the meaning of Section 1313 of the Code) on
the matter.

22

15.7
Amendment. To the extent permitted by Law and subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement may be amended
by the Parties hereto at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of AST and One Dot Six.

15.8
Extension; Waiver. At any time and from time to time, the parties may mutually agree, to the extent permitted by Law and except
as otherwise set forth herein, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party or
Parties hereto, as applicable, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such Party or Parties hereto
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the
benefit of such Party or Parties hereto contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a Party or Parties hereto to any such extension
or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such Party or Parties, as applicable. Any
delay in exercising any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right. 

15.9
Severability. In the event that any term or other provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, is invalid, illegal
or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect. 

15.10
Headings. The Article and Section captions set forth herein are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

15.11
Specific Performance. The transactions contemplated by this Agreement are unique transactions and any failure on the part of a
Party to complete the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the terms of this Agreement will not be fully compensable in damages,
and the breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Agreement would cause the other Party irreparable harm. Accordingly, in
addition to and not in limitation of any other remedies available to the Parties for a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement,
each Party will be entitled to specific performance of this Agreement upon any breach by the other Party and to an injunction restraining
such Party from such breach or threatened breach.

15.12
No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure solely to the benefit of each Party hereto, and nothing
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any other Person any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under
or by reason of this Agreement.

15.13
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one (1) or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other
party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page
to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission, including by e-mail attachment, shall be effective as delivery of a
manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

15.14
Survival. Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the provisions contained in Section 10.1 (Taxes),
Section 11 (Confidentiality), Section 12 (Indemnification), Section 13 (Limitation of Liability),
Section 14 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution), Section 15.1 (Notices), Section 15.2 (Publicity),
Section 15.5 (Entire Agreement), Section 15.9 (Severability), Section 15.10 (Headings), Section
15.14 (Survival) and Section 15.15 (Definitions and Interpretation) shall survive the termination or expiration
of this Agreement.

15.15
Definitions and Interpretation.

15.15.1
The following capitalized terms shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the respective sections of this Agreement set
forth opposite each of the capitalized terms below:

23

Term Section

Agreement Preamble

Anti-Bribery
Laws 8.1.5

AST Preamble

AST
Parent 3.1.3

Binding
Term Sheet Preamble

CCIC Preamble

Collaboration
Agreement Preamble

Consent
Application 4.4

Consummation
Termination 4.5

Escrow
Agent 3.2.1

FCC Preamble

FCC
Rules Preamble

Force
Majeure Event 14.4

Framework
Agreement Preamble

Indemnitee 11.1

Lease Preamble

Leased
Spectrum Preamble

License Preamble

Licensed
Spectrum Preamble

Ligado Preamble

Master
Agreement Preamble

[***] 7.2

[***] 7.2

[***] 7.2

[***] 7.2

[***] 7.2

Notice
Acceptance 7.3.2

Notice
of Intent 7.3.1

Notice
Rejection 7.3.2

One
Dot Six Preamble

OP Preamble

Parties Preamble

Party Preamble

PFSD 1.4

Preemption 1.5

Relevant
Assets 7.3

Revenue
Share Payment 5.1

[***] 7.3

[***] 7.3.3

Sanctions
and Export Control Laws 8.1.5

SCS Preamble

[***] 6.5

Spectrum
Option Payment 4.2.2

Spectrum
Option Premium 4.2.2

Term Section
2

Terrestrial
Rights 1.2

Terrestrial
Sale 5.1

Terrestrial
Service Zone 1.5

Third
Party Deadline 7.3.4

Third
Party Purchaser 5.1

Third
Party Sale 7.3.4

True-Up
Payment 3.2.1

Usage
Fee 3.1.1

Usage
Notification 1.4

Usage
Payments 3.1.3

Usage
Premium 3.1.3

Usage
Rights 1.1

Usage
Rights Technical Requirements 1.3

15.15.2
Unless the context requires otherwise: (a) a reference to this Agreement refers to this Agreement as a whole, including
all Schedules and Exhibits hereto, and the words herein, hereof, hereunder, and hereto
and words of similar import refer to this Agreement and its Schedules and Exhibits as a whole and not to any particular Section, Schedule
or Exhibit, or any other subdivision; (b) a reference to a Party, Article, Section, Schedule or Exhibit is a reference to that Article,
Section, or Exhibit of, or that Party or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise specified; (c) a reference to any legal instrument,
treaty, convention, national law, regulation, rule, or other law of any nature in this Agreement shall include any amendment, variation,
supplement, or re-enactment of the same from time to time in force; (d) words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa
and the masculine, feminine, and neuter genders include all genders; (e) a reference to a Person includes that Persons successors
and permitted assigns; (f) the word including and words of similar import shall mean including without limitation
unless otherwise specified; (g) if a term is defined as one part of speech (such as a noun), it shall have a corresponding meaning when
used as another part of speech (such as a verb); (h) the word extent and the phrase to the extent mean the
degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such word or phrase shall not simply mean if; (i) references to $
and dollars are to the currency of the United States of America; (j) any dollar or percentage thresholds set forth herein
shall not be used as a benchmark for the determination of what is or is not material under this Agreement; (k) references
from or through any date mean from and including or through and including, respectively; (l) whenever this Agreement refers to a number
of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified; (m) whenever any action must be taken hereunder
on or by a day that is not a Business Day, then such action may be validly taken on or by the next day that is a Business Day; (n) unless
otherwise specified in this Agreement, when calculating the period of time within which, or following which, any action is to be taken
pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference day in calculating such period shall be excluded; (o) Parties agree that they
have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any
Law, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document shall be construed against the party
drafting such agreement or document; (p) the word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive; and (q) each reference in
this Agreement to any agreement, instrument, deed or other document, shall be deemed to be a reference to such agreement, instrument,
deed or document, as the case may be, as the same may be amended, supplemented, novated, replaced or otherwise modified from time to
time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

[Signature
Page Follows]

24

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above.

AST & SCIENCE, LLC 

By: /s/ Abel Avellan 

Name: Abel Avellan 

Its: Chief Executive Officer 

ONE DOT SIX LLC 

By: /s/ Doug Smith 

Name: Doug Smith 

Its: President & Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

AST
SpaceMobile, Inc.

March
22, 2025

Cerberus
Capital Management, L.P.

875
Third Avenue

10th
Floor

New
York, NY 10022

Fortress
Credit Advisors LLC

1345
Avenue of the Americas

46th
Floor

New
York, New York 10105

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

AST
SpaceMobile, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Cerberus Capital Management, L.P., on behalf of funds,
accounts and affiliates invested in Ligado (as defined below) that it or its affiliates manage directly or indirectly (Cerberus),
and Fortress Credit Advisors LLC, on behalf of funds, accounts and affiliates invested in Ligado that it or its affiliates manage directly
or indirectly (Fortress and, together with Cerberus, the Ad Hoc Crossholder Group Stakeholders)
(the Company and the Ad Hoc Crossholder Group Stakeholders, each a Party and collectively, the Parties),
effective as of the Effective Date, agree to the terms and obligations of this side letter agreement (this Agreement).
Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in that certain Framework Agreement,
by and among the Company and the parties thereto, dated as of March 22, 2025, and as may be amended from time to time (the Framework
Agreement).

1. From
the Effective Date until the Fall-Away Date (defined below), the Company shall, on account
of each of Fortress and Cerberus significant holdings across the Ligado capital
structure, (a) give each Ad Hoc Crossholder Group Stakeholder copies of all notices, minutes,
consents and other materials that the Company provides to its full Board of Directors, at
the same time and in the same manner as provided to such directors, and (b) invite two representatives,
one designated by Cerberus and one designated by Fortress, to attend all meetings of the
Companys Network and Spectrum Planning Committee (the NPS Committee),
each in a nonvoting observer capacity and, in this respect, shall give such representative
copies of all notices, minutes, consents and other materials that it provides to its NPS
Committee members, at the same time and in the same manner as provided to such committee
members, subject to the execution of customary confidentiality agreements and the right of
the Company to withhold materials or exclude such representatives from any meeting or portion
thereof if the Company reasonably determines in good faith it is necessary (i) to preserve
the attorney-client privilege of the Company and its Affiliates, (ii) to avoid a conflict
of interest between the Company, Ligado (as defined below) and any Ad Hoc Crossholder Group
Stakeholder or (iii) to fulfill the Companys obligations with respect to confidential
or proprietary information of third parties. The Company agrees that such withholding or
exclusion shall be limited to just the material or portion of the meeting that gives rise
to such reason for withholding or exclusion.

2. The
Fall-Away Date shall be the first date following the date hereof on
which any of the following events have occurred: (a) the Collaboration Agreement is no longer
in effect, (b) Cerberus or Fortress, as applicable, (together with funds, accounts and affiliates
invested in Ligado that such party or its affiliates manage directly or indirectly) has ceased
to have the right to designate a manager to the Board of Managers of Ligado Networks LLC
(Ligado) pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Operating
Agreement of Ligado, dated October 23, 2020 (as such agreement may be amended, restated or
supplemented after the date hereof), in which case the applicable party (but, solely in the
case of this clause (b), not the other party) shall cease to have the rights set forth in
Section 1, or (c) in the event of an Approval Condition Failure (as defined in the
Collaboration Agreement).

Article
VIII (other than Sections 8.3 and 8.5) of the Framework Agreement shall apply to, and govern, this Agreement, mutatis mutandis.
Any reference to any agreement or contract hereunder will be a reference to such agreement or contract, as amended, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

1

Very
truly yours,

AST
SpaceMobile, Inc.

By: /s/ Abel Avellan

Name: Abel Avellan

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Agreed
and Accepted:

Cerberus
Capital Management, L.P., on behalf
of funds, accounts and affiliates invested in Ligado that it or its affiliates manage directly or indirectly

By: /s/ Mark Neporent 

Name: Mark Neporent 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

Fortress
Credit Advisors LLC, on behalf
of funds, accounts and affiliates invested in Ligado that it or its affiliates manage directly or indirectly

By: /s/ William
Covino 

Name: William Covino 

Title: Authorized Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-5.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.5

THIS
SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES THAT MAY BE ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY ARE SUBJECT TO A LOCKUP PERIOD FOR ONE YEAR FROM THE ORIGINAL
ISSUE DATE (THROUGH MARCH 22, 2026) AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, CHARGED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED DURING THE TERM
OF SUCH LOCKUP PERIOD.

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (X) TO THE
COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (Y) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (Z) PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THOSE LAWS, INCLUDING RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FOREGOING, THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF THE LOCKUP PERIOD REFERENCED ABOVE.
PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (Z) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE COMPANYS TRANSFER AGENT
RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE
THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION
IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

AST
Spacemobile, INC.

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

Warrant
No. 001

Number
of Shares: 4,714,226

(subject
to adjustment)

Original
Issue Date: March 22, 2025 (the Original Issue Date)

AST
SpaceMobile, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Ligado Networks LLC or its permitted assigns (the Holder),
is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company up to a total of 4,714,226 shares (subject to adjustment
in accordance with the terms hereof) of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of
the Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares), at
an exercise price per share equal to $0.01 per share (as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9 herein, the
Exercise Price), upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Common
Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant) at any time after the one-year anniversary
of the Original Issue Date (the Initial Exercise Date), and subject to the following terms and conditions:

1
Definitions. In addition to the other terms defined herein, the following terms are defined as follows:

(a)
Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. In furtherance
(and not in limitation) of the foregoing, an Affiliate of a Person shall include any fund or account managed, advised, or sub-advised
by such Person.

(b)
Business Day means a day, except a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which any of the SEC, commercial banks in
New York, New York or the Department of State of Delaware are not open for the general transaction of business.

(c)
Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal
Trading Market for such security, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate
on an extended hours basis and does not designate the last trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M.,
New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security
in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if
no last trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg Financial Markets, the average of the bid and ask prices, of any market
makers for such security as reported in the OTC Link or pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly OTC Markets Inc.)
as of 4:00 P.M., New York City time on such date. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date
on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then the
Board of Directors of the Company shall use its good faith judgment to reasonably determine the fair market value. The determination
of the Board of Directors of the Company shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. All such determinations shall be
appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation
period.

(d)
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(e)
Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, business trust, association,
joint stock company, joint venture, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization, governmental authority or any other form of entity
not specifically listed herein.

(f)
Principal Trading Market means the national securities exchange or other trading market on which the Common Stock
is primarily listed on and quoted for trading, which, as of the Original Issue Date shall be the Nasdaq Global Select Market.

(g)
SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(h)
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(i)
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for the
Companys primary trading market or quotation system with respect to the Common Stock that is in effect on the date of delivery
of an applicable Exercise Notice, which as of the Original Issue Date was T + 1.

(j)
Trading Day means (a) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Trading Market or (b) if the Common
Stock is not listed or quoted for trading on a securities exchange or trading market, a Business Day.

(k)
Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the Companys transfer agent and registrar
for the Common Stock, and any successor appointed in such capacity.

(l)
VWAP means, for any date, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock on such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a
Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), or if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted
for trading on a securities exchange or trading market, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as mutually determined by the
Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then the fair
market value of such security shall be determined by a nationally recognized investment banking, accounting or valuation firm jointly
selected in good faith by the Holder and the Company (the Independent Appraiser) (with the Holder and the Company
each bearing 50% of the costs of such Independent Appraiser in connection with such determination); provided that all determinations
of the fair market value of such security shall be appropriately adjusted for any dividends, stock splits or other similar transactions
during such period. The determination of fair market value of such security by an Independent Appraiser shall be based upon the fair
market value of the Company determined on a going concern basis as between a willing buyer and a willing seller and taking into account
all relevant factors determinative of value, and shall be final and binding on all parties.

(m)
Warrant Agent means, initially, the Company in its capacity as transfer agent and registrar for the Warrant.

2
Issuance of Securities; Registration of Warrants. The Warrant, as initially issued by the Company, and the Warrant Shares are
restricted securities under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Company shall register ownership of this
Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the
record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is permissibly assigned
hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner and holder hereof
for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

3
Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all applicable securities laws, the transfer restrictions set forth in Section
15(c), and any restrictive legends included herein the Company shall, or shall cause the Warrant Agent to, register the transfer
of all or any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, together with a written assignment of
this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule 2 duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney,
and payment for all applicable transfer taxes by the Holder or its transferee accompanied by reasonable evidence of authority of the
party making such request that may be required by the Warrant Agent. Upon any such registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase
Common Stock in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New Warrant) evidencing the portion
of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant
not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall
be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in
respect of this Warrant. The Company shall, or shall cause the Warrant Agent to, prepare, issue and deliver at the Companys own
expense any New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner and holder for all purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

4
Exercise of Warrant.

(a)
All or any part of this Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant at any time and
from time to time on or after the Initial Exercise Date.

(b)
The Holder may exercise this Warrant by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1
hereto (the Exercise Notice), completed and duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and (ii) payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised (which may take the form
of a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 10 if so indicated in the Exercise Notice), and each date on which an
Exercise Notice is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions hereof) is an Exercise
Date. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for the Exercise Price, was pre-funded to the Company on or before
the Original Issue Date, and consequently no additional consideration (other than the Exercise Price) shall be required to be paid by
the Holder to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of
such pre-funded exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. In the event that the aggregate Exercise Price is
being paid in cash (a Cash Exercise), the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares
specified in the applicable Exercise Notice by wire transfer within one Trading Day following the Exercise Date (the Exercise
Price Delivery Deadline). The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise
hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance
of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any. The Holder and any permitted assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

5
Delivery of Warrant Shares. Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall promptly, but in no event later than the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, following the Exercise Date (or, in the case of a Cash Exercise, if the applicable
aggregate Exercise Price is not received by the Company by the Exercise Price Delivery Deadline, one Trading Day after the date the applicable
aggregate Exercise Price is received by the Company): (a) credit the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC)
through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system if either (i) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of such Warrant Shares to or resale of such Warrant Shares by the Holder, (ii) such Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder
without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or (iii) any other unrestricted
conditions are then satisfied in respect of such Warrant Shares or (b) otherwise issue such Warrant Shares in the name of the Holder
or its designee in restricted book-entry form in the Companys share register. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent
that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. The Holder, or any other Person
permissibly so designated by the Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant
Shares as of the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders or its designees
DTC account or the date of the book entry positions evidencing such Warrant Shares, as the case may be. The Holder acknowledges that
the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if issued in restricted book-entry form, will contain a customary legend
to the effect that the Warrant Shares are not registered.

6
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge
to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental tax or expense in respect of the issuance of such
shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, that the Company shall not be required to pay
any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any Warrant Shares or the Warrant in a name other
than that of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result
of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

7
Replacement of Warrant. In the event of any loss, theft or destruction of a Warrant for which the Company and the Warrant Agent
shall have received from the registered holder an indemnification reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent holding
the Warrant Agent and Company harmless, the Warrant Agent shall issue a New Warrant in a form mutually agreed to by the Warrant Agent
and the Company for those certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, absent notice to the Warrant Agent that such certificates
have been acquired by a bona fide purchaser and, at the Companys or the Warrant Agents request, reimbursement to the Company
and the Warrant Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto. The Warrant Agent may, at its option, issue replacement Warrants
for mutilated certificates upon presentation thereof without such indemnity.

8
Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that it shall at all times, from and after the Initial Exercise Date while
this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock that shall be
sufficient to permit the exercise of the Warrant in full.

9
Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares or issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to
adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 9.

(a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) declares a stock dividend on its
outstanding Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of outstanding capital stock that is payable in shares of Common
Stock, (ii) subdivides or reclassifies its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares of Common Stock, (iii) combines
or reclassifies its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock or (iv) issues by reclassification
of shares of capital stock any additional shares of Common Stock of the Company, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be adjusted
to equal to (A) the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of such event multiplied by (B) (1) the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event divided by (2) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 9(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, provided, that
if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor, the Exercise Price shall be
recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Exercise Price shall be adjusted pursuant to
this paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends. Any adjustment pursuant to clauses (ii) through (iv)
of this Section 9(a) shall become effective immediately upon the effectiveness of such subdivision, combination or issuance.

(b)
Pro Rata Distributions. If, on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other pro rata
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) (including by way of return of capital) to holders of shares of Common Stock
(including any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property, options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way
of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction, but, for the
avoidance of doubt, excluding any distribution of shares of Common Stock subject to Section 9(a), any distribution of Purchase
Rights subject to Section 9(c) and any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below) subject to Section 9(d)) (a Distribution)
then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have
participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for such
Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution.

(c)
Purchase Rights. If at any time on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible
Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property, in each case, pro rata to the record holders of any class
of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder shall be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to
such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights that the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Warrant
Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant)
immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase
Rights. As used in this Section 9(c), (i) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for
or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and (ii) Convertible Securities mean any capital stock,
debt, securities or other contractual rights (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of Common Stock.

(d)
Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation
of the Company with or into another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the stockholders of the Company immediately
prior to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately
after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company effects any sale to another Person of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person),
holders of capital stock who tender shares representing more than 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company and the
Company or such other Person, as applicable, accepts such tender for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a stock purchase agreement
or other business combination (including a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby
such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company (except for any such transaction
in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction maintain, in substantially the same proportions, the voting
power of such Person immediately after the transaction) or (v) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 9(a) above) (in any such case, a
Fundamental Transaction), then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive,
upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon
the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number
of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein
(the Alternate Consideration). If holders of shares of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction that is within the Companys control, including approval by its Board of
Directors, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant
following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company
is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option
of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock
of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Warrant Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price
that applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Warrant
Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock
and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and that is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder (without unreasonable delay,
condition or withholding). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted
for (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant
referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly
and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, may exercise every right and power of the Company
prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this
Warrant with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named
as the Company herein.

(e)
Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 9(a) (including
any adjustment to the Exercise Price that would have been effected but for the final sentence of this Section 9(e)), the number
of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after
such adjustment, the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the
same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may the
Exercise Price be adjusted below the par value of the Common Stock then in effect.

(f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest one ten-hundredth of one cent or the nearest
share, as applicable.

(g)
Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company at its expense shall,
at the written request of the Holder, promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and
prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type
of Warrant Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise
to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company shall promptly
deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the Companys transfer agent and the Warrant Agent.

(h)
Notice of Corporate Events. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other pro rata distribution
of cash, securities or other property in respect of its Common Stock, including any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or
purchase any capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or
solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up
of the affairs of the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such transaction at least five Business Days
prior to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in order to participate in or vote
with respect to such transaction; provided, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the
validity of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company
authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated
by Section 9(d), other than a Fundamental Transaction under clause (iii) of Section 9(d), the Company shall deliver
to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least 30 days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction is consummated.
Holder agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant to this Section 9(h) in confidence until such information is publicly
available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect to trading in the Companys securities following receipt of any such
information.

10
Payment of Exercise Price. This Warrant may only be exercised in whole or in part either (i) by the payment to the Company of
the Exercise Price in cash or (ii) on a cashless basis in a cashless exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to
the Holder the number of Warrant Shares in an exchange of securities effected pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, determined
as follows:

X
= Y [(A B)/A]

where:

X
equals the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder;

Y
equals the total number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised;

A
equals the VWAP of the shares of Common Stock as of the Trading Day immediately preceding the Exercise Date; and

B
equals the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares as of the Exercise Date.

For
purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued
in a cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the
Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the date this Warrant was originally issued.

11
No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares shall be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of
any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable, the number of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole
number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional shares;
provided, the Company shall not be required to pay an amount for any fractional share less than $100.

12
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries hereunder (including any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via confirmed email at the email address specified below prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading
Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed email at the email address specified below
on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (c) the Trading Day following the
date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service specifying next Business Day deliver, or (d) upon actual
receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if by hand delivery.

If
to the Company, to:

AST
SpaceMobile, Inc.

Midland
Intl. Air & Space Port

2901
Enterprise Lane

Midland,
TX 79706

Attn:

Email:

If
to the Holder, at such address or other contact information delivered by the Holder to Company or as is on the books and records of the
Company.

13
Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent shall initially serve as warrant agent under this Warrant. Upon 10 days notice to the
Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any entity into which the Warrant Agent or any new warrant agent may be merged or
any entity resulting from any consolidation to which the Warrant Agent or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any entity to which
the Warrant Agent or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its corporate trust or stockholders services business shall
be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice
of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address
as shown on the Warrant Register.

14
Cancellation. Upon the execution of binding agreements for an Alternative Commercial Transaction (as defined in that certain Restructuring
Support Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2025, by and among Ligado Networks LLC, certain of its subsidiaries, the Consenting Stakeholders
(as defined therein), and AST & Sciences, LLC), this Warrant, together with any rights, interests or obligations of the parties hereunder,
shall become null and void and of no further force or effect (except for the terms of this Section 14 and Section 15),
without liability of any party hereto to the other party, without any further action or consideration required by the parties hereto.

15
Miscellaneous

(a)
No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise set forth in this Warrant, the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity
as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company
for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity
as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any
corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance
or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder
of the Warrant Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained
in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant
or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(b)
Authorized Shares.

(i)
Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including amending its certificate
or articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
shall at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company shall (A) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (B) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (C) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof
as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

(ii)
Before taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or
in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary
from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(c)
Transfer Restrictions. The Holder may not, directly or indirectly, (i) transfer, sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to
purchase or otherwise dispose of this Warrant, in whole or in part, or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to
another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of this Warrant (each of the actions specified in
clauses (i) and (ii), a Transfer); provided that the Holder may, on five Business Days
prior written notice to the Company, Transfer all or any portion of this Warrant to an Affiliate thereof. Any attempted Transfer in violation
of the terms of this Section 15(c) shall be null and void ab initio.

(d)
Successors and Assigns. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company without the written consent of the Holder except to a
successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Company and the
Holder and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed
to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy or cause of action under this Warrant.
This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors and permitted assigns.

(e)
Amendment and Waiver. The provisions of the Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit
to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

(f)
Acceptance; Acknowledgment. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms
and conditions contained herein. The Holder acknowledges that the Company may, to the extent required by applicable law, rule or regulation,
publicly reference, or include as an exhibit a form of, this Warrant with the SEC in connection with a current or periodic report or
a registration statement.

(g)
Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT,
AND ALL OTHER MATTERS RELATING HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH
OF MANHATTAN (OR IF, BUT ONLY IF, THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK DECLINES TO ACCEPT JURISDICTION,
THEN IN THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN) FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY
DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN, AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH
COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED
IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE
OF DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

(h)
Counterparts. This Warrant may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall
for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

(i)
Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Warrant and shall not affect the interpretation
thereof.

(j)
Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the
validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby,
and the Company and the Holder shall attempt in good faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a commercially
reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant.

(k)
Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Warrant to a Section, such reference shall be to a Section of this Warrant unless
otherwise indicated. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Warrant,
they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The words hereof, herein
and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Warrant shall refer to this Warrant as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Warrant unless the context requires otherwise. The words date hereof when used in this Warrant
shall refer to the date of this Warrant. The terms or, any and either are not exclusive. The
word extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends,
and such phrase shall not mean simply if. All terms defined in this Warrant shall have the defined meanings when used in
any document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. The definitions contained in this Warrant are applicable
to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such
term. Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein
means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements
or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all
attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all references to dollars
or $ shall refer to, and all payments hereunder shall be made in, the lawful money of the United States. References to
a Person are also to its successors and permitted assigns. When calculating the period of time between which, within which or following
which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this Warrant, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall
be excluded (and, unless otherwise required by law, if the last day of such period is not a Business Day, the period in question shall
end on the next succeeding Business Day).

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Original Issue Date set out above.

AST
SPACEMOBILE, INC.

By: /s/
Abel Avellan

Name: Abel
Avellan

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Schedule
1

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

[To
be executed by the Holder to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Warrant]

AST
SPACEMOBILE, INC.

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

1.
The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. [] (the Warrant) issued by AST SpaceMobile, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings
set forth in the Warrant.

2.
The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase [] Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

3.
The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one):

Cash Exercise

Cashless Exercise pursuant to Section 10 of the Warrant

4.
If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall pay the sum of $[] in immediately available funds to the Company in
accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

5.
Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in accordance with the terms of the
Warrant.

6.
By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that it will not purchase or sell any
securities, including the Warrant Shares, in violation of applicable securities laws.

Dated:
______________________

Name
of Holder: ____________________

By:_______________________________

Name:_____________________________

Title:_______________________________

(Signature
must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The
Company hereby acknowledges this Exercise Notice and hereby directs the Companys transfer agent to issue the above indicated number
of shares of Common Stock on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery Date.

AST
SPACEMOBILE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Schedule
2

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name:
______________________________

Address:
_____________________________

Phone
Number: __________________________

Email
Address: _____________________________

Dated:
________________________________

Holders
Signature: __________________________

Holders
Address: _______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>asts-20250322.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>asts-20250322_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>asts-20250322_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 22, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39040

Entity Registrant Name AST
SpaceMobile, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001780312

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-2027232

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One Midland
International Air & Space Port

Entity Address, Address Line Two 2901
Enterprise Lane

Entity Address, City or Town Midland

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 79706

City Area Code (432)

Local Phone Number 276-3966

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ASTS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ast-science.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

asts-20250322.xsd 
asts-20250322_lab.xml 
asts-20250322_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-000330-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001780312 

2025-03-22 
2025-03-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001780312 
8-K 
2025-03-22 
AST SpaceMobile, Inc. 
DE 
001-39040 
84-2027232 
Midland International Air & Space Port 
2901 Enterprise Lane 
Midland 
TX 
79706 
(432) 
276-3966 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ASTS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>