<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-005587.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-005587.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122171640
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-005587
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SpringBig Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001801602
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				882789488
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40049
		FILM NUMBER:		25546861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		621 NW 53RD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 260
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 772-9172

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		621 NW 53RD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 260
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200130
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228216-8k_springbig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000180160200018016022025-01-152025-01-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): January 15, 2025

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40049 88-2789488

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

621 NW 53rd Street, Ste. 500

Boca Raton, Florida, 33487

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (800) 772-9172

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each
exchange on which registered

None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements with Certain Officers.

Lead independent director Marc Shiffman, on behalf of the Board of Directors of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. (the Board), is spearheading
a comprehensive search to identify, evaluate and recommend qualified candidates to serve as the Companys new Chief Executive Officer
(CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr. Shiffman is leading the transition team.

Departure of Chief Executive Officer

On January 22, 2025, SpringBig Holdings,
Inc. (and, together with its wholly owned subsidiary SpringBig, Inc., the Company) reported that Jeffrey Harris has announced
his intention to separate from his position as the Companys CEO and an employee of the
Company. On January 15, 2025 (the Execution Date), the Board and Mr. Harris reached an understanding regarding his decision to separate from the Company. On the Execution Date, the Company and Mr.
Harris entered into a Separation and Release of Claims Agreement (the Harris Separation Agreement) pursuant to which the
last day of service for Mr. Harris as the CEO of the Company will be the latest of (a) March 31, 2025, (b) if requested by the Board,
the date of the first annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company held after the Execution Date and (c) if requested by the Board,
the date of the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the SpringBig Holdings, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the Harris Separation Date). 

From the Execution Date through the
Harris Separation Date, Mr. Harris will be entitled to his current annualized base salary of $450,000. In addition, on the Harris Separation
Date, the Company is required to grant Mr. Harris 250,000 restricted stock units pursuant to its 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan)
subject to vesting on the earlier of the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Plan) and March 31, 2026. Furthermore, the
Company is required to pay Mr. Harris three percent (3%) of all Gaming Revenue (as defined below) for the calendar year 2025 and two percent
(2%) of all Gaming Revenue for calendar year 2026 (the Gaming Commissions), to be paid quarterly no later than the 15th
day of the month following each quarter end. However, Mr. Harris would be required to repay to the Company any Gaming Commissions the
Company has paid with respect to Gaming Revenue earned from a customer that has terminated its relationship with the Company prior to
the one year anniversary of the commencement of that relationship. Gaming Revenue means revenue generated by the Company
from messaging tools designed to boost engagement across casinos, skilled gaming and sports betting but does not include revenue generated
from leads provided by a member of the Board.

As previously disclosed, Mr. Harris
is party to a Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement (the Harris Nonsolicitation Agreement)
and a Noncompetition Agreement (the Harris Noncompetition Agreement), each dated as of November 8, 2021. The Harris Separation
Agreement provides that both agreements will remain in full force and effect except (i) in both agreements, the Harris Separation Date
would be deemed to be the termination of the relationship between the Company and Mr. Harris, (ii) in both agreements, the definition
of Business of the Company was expanded to cover the gaming industry in addition to the cannabis industry, (iii) in the
Harris Nonsolicitation Agreement, the periods of nonsolicitation were extended to 36 months after the Harris Separation Date from 12 months
and (iv) in the Harris Noncompetition Agreement, the periods of noncompetition were extended to 36 months after the Harris Separation
Date from 12 months.

The Company may terminate the Harris
Separation Agreement immediately for Cause (as defined in the Harris Separation Agreement) in which case it would no longer be obligated
to make any payments or provide any benefits to Mr. Harris. The Harris Separation Agreement also contains customary provisions relating
to, among other things, a release of claims, return of property and non-disparagement.

In addition, Mr. Harris entered into
a consulting agreement with the Company on the Execution Date, as set forth in Exhibit D to the Harris Separation Agreement (the Consulting
Agreement). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Mr. Harris will provide the following services to the Company for a twelve-month
period commencing on the Harris Separation Date: Mr. Harris will make himself available to the Board and senior management team of the
Company to help with questions and issues that may arise, to help with key clients and prospect issues as needed, to help the Company
with strategic planning and to be a constructive team player and collaborator to help in the Companys success. As consideration
for his services, Mr. Harris will receive a consulting fee of $450,000, payable in eighteen monthly installments of $25,000 each (the
Consulting Fee). The Company may terminate the Consulting Agreement immediately for Cause (as defined in the Consulting
Agreement), in which case it would no longer be obligated to pay the Consulting Fee. The Consulting Agreement also contains customary
provisions relating to, among other things, assignment of inventions requirements.

1

Neither the Harris Separation Agreement
nor the Consulting Agreement will have any effect on the Board service of Mr. Harris, and it is expected that following the Harris Separation
Date Mr. Harris will continue to serve on the Board as a non-executive member. However, pursuant to the Harris Separation Agreement, Mr.
Harris will not be entitled to cash fees as a Board member while providing services under the Harris Separation Agreement or the Consulting
Agreement.

The foregoing descriptions of the Harris
Separation Agreement and the Consulting Agreement to which it is attached do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to their complete text, a copy of which has been attached as Exhibit 10.1, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated
herein by reference.

Departure of Chief Financial Officer

On January 22, 2025, the Company reported that
Paul Sykes has announced his intention to separate from his position as the Companys CFO and an employee of the Company. On the Execution Date, the Board and Mr. Sykes reached an understanding
regarding his decision to separate from the Company. On the Execution Date, the Company and Mr. Sykes entered into a Separation and
Release of Claims Agreement (the Sykes Separation Agreement) pursuant to which the last day of service for Mr. Sykes
as the CFO of the Company will be June 14, 2025 (the Sykes Separation Date).

From the Execution Date through the Sykes
Separation Date, Mr. Sykes will be entitled to his current annualized base salary of $364,000. On the Sykes Separation Date, Mr.
Sykes will be entitled to an aggregate bonus of $227,500.05, payable in fifteen semimonthly installments of $15,166.67. In addition,
on the Sykes Separation Date, the Company is required to accelerate the vesting of 86,667 restricted stock units previously granted
to Mr. Sykes pursuant to the Plan. Furthermore, if Mr. Sykes timely and properly elects COBRA continuation coverage under the
Companys health plan, the Company will generally be required to contribute up to $1,228.93 per month toward premiums under
the health plan for up to twelve months following the Sykes Separation Date.

As previously disclosed, Mr. Sykes is
party to a Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement and a Noncompetition Agreement, each dated as of November
8, 2021. The Sykes Separation Agreement provides that both agreements will remain in full force and effect except (i) in both agreements,
the Sykes Separation Date would be deemed to be the termination of the relationship between the Company and Mr. Sykes and (ii) in both
agreements, the definition of Business of the Company was expanded to cover the gaming industry in addition to the cannabis
industry.

The Company may terminate the Sykes
Separation Agreement immediately for Cause (as defined in the Sykes Separation Agreement) in which case it would no longer be obligated
to make any payments or provide any benefits to Mr. Sykes. The Sykes Separation Agreement also contains customary provisions relating
to, among other things, a release of claims, return of property and non-disparagement.

The foregoing description of the Sykes
Separation Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to its complete text, a copy of which
has been attached as Exhibit 10.2, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

10.1 Separation and Release of Claims Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and between SpringBig, Inc., SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and Jeffrey Harris

10.2 Separation and Release of Claims Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and between SpringBig, Inc., SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and Paul Sykes

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC.

January 22, 2025 By: /s/ Jeffrey Harris

Name: Jeffrey Harris

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022821601ex10-1_springbig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SEPARATION AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 15, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN SPRINGBIG, INC., SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. AND JEFFREY HARRIS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Separation and Release of Claims
Agreement

This Separation and Release of Claims
Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by and between SpringBig, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Employer),
on behalf of itself, its parents, subsidiaries, and other corporate affiliates, and each of their respective present and former employees,
officers, directors, owners, shareholders, and agents, individually and in their official capacities (collectively referred to as the
Employer Group), and Jeffrey Harris, a Florida resident (the Executive) (the Employer and the
Executive are collectively referred to as the Parties) as of January 15, 2025 (the Execution Date).

The Employer and Executive are parties to the following agreements:
the Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2021 (the Employment Agreement); the Nonsolicitation,
Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2021 (the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment
of Inventions Agreement); and the Noncompetition Covenant, dated as of November 8, 2021 (the Noncompetition Covenant
and, together with the Employment Agreement and the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement, the Prior
Agreements).

The Executives last day of employment with the Employer
will be the latest of (a) March 31, 2025, (b) if requested by the Board of Directors of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. (the Board),
the date of the first annual meeting of the shareholders of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. held after the Execution Date and (c) if requested
by the Board, the date of the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the SpringBig Holdings, Inc. Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the Separation Date). On the Execution Date, the Executive is entering
into a Consulting Agreement with the Employer Group (the Consulting Agreement) with respect to the Executives
provision of consulting services following the Separation Date. After the Separation Date, the Executive will not represent that the Executive
is an employee, officer, attorney, agent, or representative of the Employer Group for any purpose. Except as otherwise set forth in this
Agreement, the Separation Date will be the employment termination date for the Executive for all purposes, meaning the Executive is not
entitled to any further compensation, monies, or other benefits from the Employer Group, including coverage under any benefit plans or
programs sponsored by the Employer Group, as of the Separation Date.

1. Return
of Property. On or before the Separation Date, the Executive must return all Employer Group property, including identification cards
or badges, access codes or devices, keys, laptops, computers, telephones, mobile phones, hand-held electronic devices, credit cards, electronically
stored documents or files and storage devices, physical files, and any other Employer Group property in the Executives possession.
The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that as of the Separation Date, the Executive will no longer have access to and will not
claim ownership of any of the Employer Groups cloud storage or social media accounts.

2. Executive
Representations. The Executive specifically represents, warrants, and confirms that the Executive:

(a) has not filed any complaints or
lawsuits against the Employer Group with any state or federal court or arbitration forum before executing this Agreement (for the
avoidance of doubt, this representation does not include, and the Executive is not required to disclose to the Employer, any claims,
complaints, or communications to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the National Labor Relations Board
(NLRB), the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (OSHA), or any other federal, state, or local governmental regulatory or law enforcement agency
(Government Agencies));

(b) has
not made any claims or allegations to the Employer Group related to sexual harassment, sex discrimination, or sexual assault or abuse,
and that none of the payments set forth in this Agreement are related to any such claims or allegations;

(c)
has been properly paid for all hours worked for the Employer Group; and

(d) has
received all salary, wages, commissions, bonuses, and other compensation due to the Executive, through and including the Execution Date.

3. Separation
Benefits. As consideration for the Executives execution of, non- revocation of and compliance with this Agreement, including
the Executives waiver and release of claims in Section 4 and other post-termination obligations, and the Executives execution
and non-revocation of the attached Exhibit A to Separation and Release Agreement after the Separation Date, the Employer Group
agrees to provide the following benefits to which the Executive is not otherwise entitled:

(a) Prior
to the Separation Date, the Executive will be paid the annualized base salary of $450,000 in accordance with the Employer Groups
standard practices.

(b) On
the Separation Date, SpringBig Holdings, Inc. shall grant the Executive 250,000 restricted stock units pursuant to its 2022 Long-Term
Incentive Plan subject to vesting on the earlier of (i) the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined in the SpringBig Holdings, Inc.
2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan) and (ii) March 31, 2026.

(c) If
the Executive timely and properly elects COBRA continuation coverage under the Employer Groups health plan (the Plan),
the Executive may be permitted to continue participation in the Plan under COBRA by continuing to pay premiums to the Employer or COBRA
Administrator, as applicable, at the contribution level in effect for active employees until the earliest of: (i) the expiration of twelve
months following the Separation Date; (ii) the date the Executive becomes covered under another employers health plan; or (iii)
the expiration of the maximum COBRA continuation coverage period for which the Executive is eligible under federal law. At the end of
this period, the Executive shall be eligible to continue coverage, pursuant to COBRA, and shall be responsible for the entire COBRA premium
for the remainder of the applicable COBRA continuation period.

(d) The Employer Group shall pay
the Executive three percent (3%) of all Gaming Revenue for the calendar year 2025 and two percent (2%) of all Gaming Revenue for
calendar year 2026 (the Commissions), to be paid quarterly no later than the 15th day of the month following
each quarter end; provided, that the Executive shall repay to the Employer Group any Commission the Employer Group has paid
with respect to Gaming Revenue earned from a customer that has terminated its relationship with the Employer Group prior to the one
(1) year anniversary of the commencement of such relationship. Gaming Revenue means revenue generated by the
Employer Group from messaging tools designed to boost engagement across casinos, skilled gaming and sports betting but does not
include revenue generated from leads provided by a member of the Board.

2

The Executive understands, acknowledges,
and agrees that these benefits exceed what the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive on separation from employment, and that these
benefits are being given as consideration in exchange for executing this Agreement, including the general release and restrictive covenants
contained in it. The Executive further acknowledges that the Executive is not entitled to any additional payment or consideration not
specifically referenced in this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed as an express or implied policy or practice
of the Employer Group to provide these or other benefits to any individuals other than the Executive.

4. Release.
In exchange for the consideration provided in this Agreement, the Executive hereby agrees to execute and deliver a release, substantially
in the form set forth as Exhibit A, effective and dated as of the Separation Date, and such execution and delivery shall be a condition
precedent to the Employer Groups obligations under this Agreement and the Consulting Agreement as of and following the Separation
Date (including, but not limited to, any further compensation, monies, or other benefits from the Employer Group, including coverage under
any benefit plans or programs sponsored by the Employer Group).

5.
Post-Termination Obligations and Restrictive Covenants.

(a)
Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions.

(i) The
Executive acknowledges, confirms and agrees that the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement, attached hereto
as Exhibit B, remains in full force and effect as of the Execution Date, and that the Separation Date shall be deemed to be the
termination of the relationship between the Employer and the Executive for all purposes pursuant to such agreement, including but not
limited to Sections 2, 3 and 5 thereof; provided that:

(A) the
sentence in Clause (iii) in which the term Business of the Company is defined shall be amended and restated in its entirety
to read as follows:

Business of the Company shall mean the
business of providing messaging, customer loyalty management and/or customer experiences in the cannabis and gaming industries, including,
without limitation, the research, design, development, marketing, sales, operations, maintenance and commercial exploitation pertaining
to the operation of, and providing products and services for such business.

3

(B) the
references to twelve (12) months in Section 2 entitled Nonsolicitation of Customers, Clients or Vendors and
Section 3 entitled Nonsolicitation of Employees and Contractors each shall be deleted and replaced with thirty-six
(36) months.

(ii) Except
as explicitly contemplated and amended hereby, the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect without change.

(b)
Noncompetition Covenant.

(i) The
Executive acknowledges, confirms and agrees that the Noncompetition Covenant, attached hereto as Exhibit C, remains in full force
and effect as of the Execution Date, and that the Separation Date shall be deemed to be the termination of the relationship between the
Employer and the Executive for all purposes pursuant to the Noncompetition Covenant, including but not limited to Section (a) thereof;
provided, that

(A) the
sentence in Clause (iv) of Section (a) in which the term Business of the Company is defined shall be amended and restated
in its entirety to read as follows:

Business of the Company shall mean the
business of providing messaging, customer loyalty management and/or customer experiences in the cannabis and gaming industries, including,
without limitation, the research, design, development, marketing, sales, operations, maintenance and commercial exploitation pertaining
to the operation of, and providing products and services for such business.

(B) the
references to twelve (12) months in Section (a) each shall be deleted and replaced with thirty-six (36) months.

(ii) Except
as explicitly contemplated and amended hereby, the Noncompetition Covenant shall remain in full force and effect without change.

6. Non-Disparagement.
The Executive agrees and covenants that the Executive shall not make, publish, or communicate defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments,
or statements concerning any of the Employer Groups products or services. The Executive agrees and covenants that the Executive
shall not make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any maliciously false, defamatory, or disparaging
remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Employer Group or its businesses, or any of its employees, officers, or directors and
their existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated third parties, now or at any time in the future.

This Section does not in any way
restrict or impede the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement,
including the right to report possible securities law violations to the SEC, without notice to the Employer Group, and rights under
the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA), including the right to file unlawful labor practice (ULP) charges or participate, assist,
or cooperate in ULP investigations. This Section also does not prevent the Executive from complying with any applicable law or
regulation or a valid order from a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance
does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or order.

4

7. Board
Service. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement has no effect on the Executives service on the Board, and accordingly,
the Executive will remain on the Board until such time as the Executive resigns, refuses to stand for re-election, is not nominated and
elected to the Board or is removed from office in accordance with the SpringBig Holdings, Inc. bylaws. In light of the compensation, monies
or other benefits provided under this Agreement and the Consulting Agreement, the Executive will not be entitled to cash fees as a Board
member while the Executive remains an employee of the Employer Group pursuant to this Agreement or while the Executive serves as a consultant
to the Employer Group under the Consulting Agreement.

8. Engagement
as a Consultant. Concurrently with the signing of this Agreement, the Employer and the Executive shall enter into the Consulting Agreement,
attached hereto as Exhibit D.

9. Termination
for Cause. The Employer Group may terminate this Agreement for Cause, effective immediately upon written notice to the Executive.
Upon termination for Cause, the Employer Group shall no longer be obligated to make any payments or provide any benefits to the Executive
pursuant to Section 3(a), 3(b) or 3(d). Cause shall mean the Employers termination of the Agreement as a result of:
(i) fraud, embezzlement, willful misconduct, or an act of dishonesty by the Executive in connection with or relating to the Executives
relationship with the Employer or any of its affiliates; (ii) theft or misappropriation of Employer` property, information or other assets
by the Executive, (iii) other conduct which results in or could reasonably be expected to result in material loss, damage or injury to
the Employer and/or its affiliates, their goodwill, business or reputation; (iv) the Executives conviction, guilty plea, no contest
plea, or similar plea for any felony or any crime of moral turpitude, or any other crime that results in or could reasonably be expected
to result in material loss, damage or injury to the Employer and its affiliates, their goodwill, business or reputation; or (v) the Executives
material breach of any of the Executives obligations under this Agreement.

10. Remedies.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of any provision of this Agreement, Executive hereby consents and agrees
that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy and that Employer shall be entitled to seek a temporary or permanent injunction
or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of
showing any actual damages, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. Any equitable relief shall be in addition
to, not instead of, legal remedies, monetary damages, or other available relief.

If the Executive fails to comply with
any of the terms of this Agreement or post- employment obligations contained in it, the Employer may, in addition to any other available
remedies, reclaim any amounts paid to the Executive under the provisions of this Agreement and terminate any benefits or payments that
are later due under this Agreement, without waiving the releases provided in it.

The Parties mutually agree that this
Agreement can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement.

5

11.
Successors and Assigns.

(a) Assignment
by the Employer Group. The Employer Group may freely assign this Agreement at any time. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit
of the Employer Group and its successors and assigns.

(b) No
Assignment by the Executive. The Executive may not assign this Agreement in whole or in part. Any purported assignment by the Executive
shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment.

12. Governing Law;
Arbitration. This Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto, and all claims or disputes relating thereto,
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to the choice of law
provisions thereof. Except for disputes arising under Exhibit A, Exhibit B or Exhibit C hereof, which shall be decided pursuant to
the terms of those Exhibits, any dispute arising from this Agreement or Executives employment with the Employer Group,
including but not limited to claims for wrongful termination; violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as amended;
violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; violations of Florida law; or claims for violations of any state law or
rule or regulation regarding discrimination, harassment or other wrongful conduct (collectively, Covered Claims),
shall be decided solely and exclusively in a final and binding arbitration administered by the JAMS in Miami, Florida, in accordance
with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules in effect at the time of the filing of the demand for arbitration (the
Rules), a copy of which is available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules- employment-arbitration/. The arbitrator shall be
a single arbitrator with expertise in employment disputes, mutually selected by the parties, or, if the parties are unable to agree
thereon, a single arbitrator with expertise in employment disputes designated by the Miami office of JAMS. The arbitrator shall have
the authority to award all remedies available in a court of law. The parties acknowledge and agree that their obligations to
arbitrate under this Section survive the termination of the Agreement and continue after the termination of the employment
relationship between the Executive and the Employer Group. By agreeing to arbitrate disputes arising out of Executives
employment, the Executive, the Employer Group voluntarily and irrevocably waives any and all rights to have any such dispute heard
or resolved in any forum other than through arbitration as provided herein. This waiver specifically includes, but is not limited
to, any right to trial by jury. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, this Section will not apply to claims for
workers compensation or unemployment benefits and will not apply to claims for injunctive relief, or any other claim by the
Employer Group under Exhibit A or Exhibit C hereto. All arbitration proceedings hereunder shall be confidential, except: (a) to the
extent the parties otherwise agree in writing; (b) as may be otherwise appropriate in response to a request from a government
agency, subpoena, or legal process; (c) if the substantive law of the State of Florida (without giving effect to choice of law
principles) provides to the contrary; or (d) as is necessary in a court proceeding to enforce, correct, modify or vacate the
arbitrators award or decision (and in the case of this subpart (d), the parties agree to take all reasonable steps to ensure
that the arbitrators award, decision or findings and all other documents, pleadings and papers are filed and/or entered with
the court under seal and/or in a manner that would maintain their confidentiality, including, without limitation, complying with all
rules of procedure and local rules for filing documents, pleadings and papers under seal).

6

13. Entire
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as releasing the Executive from any obligations set out in the Prior Agreements,
provided that upon the Separation Date, all provisions of the Employment Agreement shall terminate, while the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure
and Assignment of Inventions Agreement and the Noncompetition Covenant shall continue effectiveness in accordance with their terms and
Section 5 hereof. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement and the Consulting Agreement contain all of the understandings
and representations between Employer Group and Executive relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
understandings, discussions, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding such subject matter.

14. Modification
and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless the amendment or modification is agreed to in writing
and signed by the Executive and by an authorized representative of the Employer. No waiver by any Party of any breach by any other Party
of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by any other Party shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar
provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by any Party in exercising any right,
power, or privilege under this Agreement operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other such right, power, or privilege.

15. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court or arbitral authority of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable
in any respect, or enforceable only if modified, such finding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, which
shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding on the Parties. The Parties further agree that any such court or arbitral
authority is expressly authorized to modify any such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision of this Agreement instead of severing
the provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting, deleting, or adding to the offending provision, or by making
such other modifications as it deems necessary to carry out the intent and agreement of the Parties as embodied in this Agreement to the
maximum extent permitted by law. Any such modification shall become a part of and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement.
If such provision or provisions are not modified, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions
had not been set forth in it. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court or arbitral authority shall
be binding on and enforceable against each of them.

16. Interpretation.
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement
is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph. Moreover, this Agreement shall not be construed
against either Party as the author or drafter of the Agreement.

17. Counterparts.
The Parties may execute this Agreement in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile, email in portable
document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a
document has the same effect as delivery of an executed original of this Agreement.

7

18. No
Admission of Liability. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as an admission by the Executive or the Employer Group of any
wrongdoing, liability, or noncompliance with any federal, state, city, or local rule, ordinance, statute, common law, or other legal obligation.

19. Notices.
All notices under this Agreement must be given in writing by personal delivery, regular mail or email at the addresses indicated in this
Agreement or any other address designated in writing by either Party.

Notice to Employer Group:

SpringBig Holdings, Inc.

Attn: Board of Directors

621 NW 53rd
St, Suite 500

Boca Raton, FL 33487

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Benesch Friedlander Coplan & Aronoff LLP

1155 Avenue of
the Americas, Floor 26

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Aslam A. Rawoof

Email: arawoof@beneschlaw.com

Notice to the Executive:

Jeffrey Harris

Address on file with the Employer

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Shapiro, Blasi, Wasserman & Hermann, P.A.

7777 Glades
Road, Suite 400

Boca Raton, FL 33434

Attention: Adam C. Chotiner

Email: achotiner@sbwh.law

20. Tolling.
If the Executive violates any of the post-termination obligations in this Agreement, the obligation at issue will run from the first date
on which the Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation.

21. Attorneys Fees and
Costs. If the Executive breaches any terms of this Agreement or the post-termination obligations referenced in it, to the extent
authorized by Florida law, the Executive will be responsible for payment of all reasonable attorneys fees and costs that
Employer incurred in the course of enforcing the terms of this Agreement, including demonstrating the existence of a breach and any
other contract enforcement efforts. If the Employer breaches any terms of this Agreement or the post-termination obligations
referenced in it, to the extent authorized by Florida law, the Employer will be responsible for payment of all reasonable
attorneys fees and costs that Executive incurred in the course of enforcing the terms of this Agreement, including
demonstrating the existence of a breach and any other contract enforcement efforts.

8

22.
Tax Matters.

(a) Withholding.
The Employer Group may withhold from any and all amounts payable under this Agreement or otherwise such federal, state and local taxes
as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

(b) Section
409A Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Section
409A), including the exceptions thereto, and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies
with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation
pay due to an involuntary separation from service, as a short-term deferral, or as a settlement payment pursuant to a bona fide legal
dispute shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, any installment payments provided
under this Agreement shall each be treated as a separate payment. To the extent required under Section 409A, any payments to be made under
this Agreement in connection with a termination of employment shall only be made if such termination constitutes a separation from
service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employer Group makes no representations that the payments and benefits
provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall Employer Group be liable for all or any portion of any taxes,
penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

23. Notice
of Post-Termination Obligations. When the Executives employment with the Employer terminates, the Executive agrees to notify
any subsequent employer of the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement. In addition, the Executive authorizes the Employer Group
to provide a copy of the restrictive covenants referenced in this Agreement to third parties, including but not limited to, the Executives
subsequent, anticipated, or possible future employer.

24. Acknowledgment of Full
Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS, AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO
THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN
ATTORNEY OF THE EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE
EXECUTIVES SIGNATURE BELOW IS AN AGREEMENT TO RELEASE EMPLOYER GROUP FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS THAT CAN BE RELEASED AS A MATTER
OF LAW.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have executed this Agreement as of the Execution Date above.

SPRINGBIG, INC.

By /s/ Paul Sykes

Name: Paul Sykes

Title: Chief Financial Officer

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC.

By /s/ Paul Sykes

Name: Paul Sykes

Title: Chief Financial Officer

EXECUTIVE 

Signature: /s/ Jeffrey Harris 

Print Name: Jeffrey Harris 

[Signature page to Separation and Release Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

Release

In consideration for the end of employment
benefits set forth in the Separation and Release of Claims Agreement to which this form is attached (the Separation Agreement),
including without limitation the separation benefits set forth in Section 3 thereof, among other things, Jeffrey Harris (the Executive,
I or me) and the Employer Group hereby enter into the following release and waiver of claims
(the Release).

The Executive hereby generally and
completely releases the Employer Group, its present and future affiliates, and its and their current and former directors, officers,
employees, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers,
affiliates, family and assigns (collectively, the Released Parties) of and from any and all claims, liabilities
and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions
occurring prior to or on the date that Executive signs this Release (collectively, the Released Claims). The
Released Claims include, but are not limited to: (i) all claims arising out of or in any way related to the Executives
employment with the Employer Group, or the termination of that employment; (ii) all claims related to the Executives
compensation or benefits from the Employer Group, including salary, bonuses, retention bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense
reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests or equity-based awards in the
Employer Group; (iii) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and
fair dealing; (iv) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public
policy; and (v) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation,
attorneys fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with
Disabilities Act of 1990 (as amended), the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (as amended) (the FMLA), the federal
Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (as amended) (the ADEA), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974 (as amended), the National Labor Relations Act of 1935 (as amended), and any similar applicable state laws, including those of
the State of Florida and any other federal, state or local civil or human rights law or any other local, state or federal law,
regulation or ordinance, and any public policy, contract, tort, or common law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are not
included in the Released Claims (the Excluded Claims): (i) any rights or claims for indemnification that Executive may
have pursuant to any written indemnification agreement with the Employer Group, the charter, bylaws, or operating agreements of the
Employer Group, or under applicable law; (ii) any rights which are not waivable as a matter of law; (iii) any claims arising from
the breach of this Release; or (iv) any claims related to the Employer Groups performance of its obligations under the
Separation Agreement and Consulting Agreement (as defined in the Separation Agreement) following the Separation Date (as defined in
the Separation Agreement). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Release shall prevent Executive from challenging the validity
of the Release in a legal or administrative proceeding. Nothing in this Release shall prevent the Executive from filing, cooperating
with, or participating in any proceeding or investigation before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, United States
Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and
Exchange Commission or any other federal government agency, or similar state or local agency (Government
Agencies), or exercising any rights pursuant to Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. The Executive further
understands that this Release does not limit the Executives ability to voluntarily communicate with any Government Agencies
or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing
documents or other information, without notice to the Employer Group. While this Release does not limit the Executives right
to receive an award for information provided to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Executive understands and agrees that
the Executive is otherwise waiving, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all rights the Executive may have to individual
relief based upon any claims arising out of any proceeding or investigation before one or more of the Government Agencies. If any
such claim is not subject to release, to the extent permitted by law, the Executive waives any right or ability to be a class or
collective action representative or to otherwise participate in any putative or certified class, collective or multi-party action or
proceeding based on such a claim in which any of the Released Parties is a party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
herein, this Release does not abrogate the Executives existing rights to vested benefits under any Employer Group benefit
plan or any plan or agreement related to equity ownership in the Employer Group.

I acknowledge that I am knowingly and
voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights I may have under the ADEA (ADEA Waiver). I also acknowledge that (i)
the consideration given for the ADEA Waiver is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled; and (ii) that, subject
only to Employer Group providing the end of employment / termination benefits described in the first paragraph of this Release, I have
been paid for all time worked, has received all the leave, leaves of absence and leave benefits and protections for which I am eligible,
and have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which I have not already filed a claim. I affirm that all of the decisions of the Released
Parties regarding my pay and benefits through the date of my execution of this Release were not discriminatory based on age, disability,
race, color, sex, religion, national origin or any other classification protected by law. I affirm that I have not filed or caused to
be filed, and am not presently a party to, a claim against any of the Released Parties. I further affirm that I have no known workplace
injuries or occupational diseases. I acknowledge and affirm that I have not been retaliated against for reporting any allegation of corporate
fraud or other wrongdoing by any of the Released Parties, or for exercising any rights protected by law, including any rights protected
by the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family Medical Leave Act or any related statute or local leave or disability accommodation laws,
or any applicable state workers compensation law. I have been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that: (a) my waiver
and release do not apply to any claims that may arise after I sign this Release; (b) I should consult with an attorney prior to executing
this release; (c) I have twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this release (although I may choose to voluntarily execute this
release earlier); (d) I have seven (7) days following the execution of this release to revoke this Release (in a written revocation sent
to the Board of Directors of SpringBig Holdings, Inc.); and (e) this Release will not be effective until the eighth day after I sign this
Release, provided that I have not earlier revoked this Release (the Effective Date). I will not be entitled to receive
any of the benefits specified by this Release or the Agreement unless and until it becomes effective.

In granting the release herein, which
includes claims that may be unknown to me at present, I acknowledge that I expressly waive and relinquish any and all rights and
benefits under any applicable law or statute providing, in substance, that a general release does not extend to claims which a party
does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her would have
materially affected the terms of such release.

A-2

The parties hereby mutually agree to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the 15th Judicial Circuit Court of the State of Florida or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Florida for any dispute arising hereunder. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, I (a) submit to
the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consent to service of process by regular mail to my last known address; and (c) waive
any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of
process. If either party hereto commences a legal action or other proceeding against the other party hereto concerning a dispute
arising from or relating to this Release outside of Florida, such commencing party will reimburse such other party for its or my
reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses if such other party prevails in staying, transferring, dismissing or otherwise
defending such action or proceeding based on the location of the action or proceeding, regardless of whether such fees, costs and
expenses are incurred in the forum where such commencing party commenced the action or in a Florida forum.

This Release constitutes the complete,
final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between the Employer Group and me with regard to the subject matter hereof. I am
not relying on any promise or representation by the Employer Group that is not expressly stated herein. This Release may only be modified
by a writing signed by both me and a duly authorized officer of the Employer Group.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this
Release as of ________________.

SPRINGBIG, INC.

By 

Name: 

Title: 

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC.

By 

Name: 

Title: 

EXECUTIVE 

Signature: 

Print Name: Jeffrey Harris 

[Signature page to Release]

EXHIBIT B

Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure
and Assignment of Inventions Agreement

NONSOLICITATION, NONDISCLOSURE & ASSIGNMENT OF
INVENTIONS AGREEMENT

The undersigned
Employee (the Employee), executes this Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure & Assignment of Inventions Agreement (the Agreement)
in consideration of, and a material inducement for, the Companys (as defined below) continuing relationship with Employee, whether
by employment, contractor, or in advisory or consulting capacities, or otherwise, and in consideration of receiving any form of compensation
or benefit from or in the Company, and the entering into of the Executive Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement).
Employee understands and agrees that this Agreement shall remain in effect and survive any and all changes in Employees job duties,
titles and compensation during Employees relationship with Company.

Definitions

i. Company shall mean SpringBig, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any entity controlled
by, controlling, or under common control with it, including affiliates and subsidiaries. Control for this purpose means
the direct or indirect possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through
ownership, by contract or otherwise.

ii. Competing Business shall mean any person, firm, association, corporation or any other
legal entity that is engaged in a business that is competitive with any aspect of the Business of the Company.

iii. Business of the Company shall mean the business of providing messaging, customer
loyalty management and/or customer experiences in the cannabis industry, including, without limitation, the research, design, development,
marketing, sales, operations, maintenance and commercial exploitation pertaining to the operation of, and providing products and services
for such business.

iv. Confidential Information shall mean all information or a compilation of information,
in any form (tangible or intangible or otherwise), that is not generally known to competitors or the public, which Company considers to
be confidential and/or proprietary, including but not limited to: research and development; techniques; methodologies; strategies; product
information, designs, prototypes and technical specifications; algorithms, source codes, object codes, trade secrets or technical data;
training materials methods; internal policies and procedures; marketing plans and strategies; pricing and cost policies; customer, supplier,
vendor and partner lists and accounts; customer and supplier preferences; contract terms and rates; financial data, information, reports,
and forecasts; inventions, improvements and other intellectual property; product plans or proposed product plans; know-how; designs, processes
or formulas; software and website applications; computer passwords; market or sales information, plans or strategies; business plans,
prospects and opportunities (including, but not limited to, possible acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or facilities); information
concerning existing or potential customers, partners or vendors. Confidential Information shall also mean information of or related to
Companys current or potential customers, vendors or partners that is considered to be confidential or proprietary to the applicable
customer, vendor or partner.

Confidential Information does not
include: information in the public domain (other than as a result of disclosure directly or indirectly by Employee); information approved
in writing for unrestricted release by Company; information that Employee discovered outside of the course and scope of his employment
with Company; or information produced or disclosed pursuant to a valid court order, provided Employee has given Company written notice
of such request such that Company has an actual, reasonable opportunity to defend, limit or protect such production or disclosure.

1.
Duty of Loyalty. During the period of Employees relationship with the Company, Employee will devote Employees
best efforts on behalf of the Company. Employee agrees not to provide any services to any Competing Business or engage in any conduct
which may create an actual or appear to create a conflict of interest, without the expressed, written permission of the Company. Except
as expressly provided herein, Employee shall not be prohibited from engaging in the activities set forth on Schedule 1 of the Employment
Agreement.

B-2

2.
Nonsolicitation of Customers, Clients or Vendors. During the period of Employees relationship with the Company and
for a period of twelve (12) months after termination of such relationship (for any reason), Employee shall not directly or indirectly,
induce or attempt to induce any of the individuals or entities actually known to Employee to be the Companys customers, clients,
vendors or partners, or prospective customers, clients, vendors or partners, to reduce or cease doing business with the Company, Parent
or their affiliates, or interfere with the relationship between any such customer, client, vendor, partner or prospective customers and
the Company, Parent or any of their affiliate (including making any negative statements or communications concerning the Company, Parent
or any of their affiliates).

3.
Nonsolicitation of Employees and Contractors. During the period of Employees relationship with the Company and for
a period of twelve (12) months after termination of such relationship (for any reason), Employee will not directly or indirectly either
for him/herself or for any other person, partnership, legal entity, or enterprise: (i) solicit, in person or through supervision or control
of others, an employee, advisor, consultant or contractor of the Company for the purpose of inducing or encouraging the employee, advisor,
consultant or contractor to leave his or her relationship with the Company or to change an existing business relationship with the Company
or to change an existing business relationship to the detriment of the Company, (ii) hire away an employee, advisor, consultant or contractor
of the Company; or (iii) help another person or entity hire away a Company employee, advisor, consultant or contractor. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the placement of general advertisements offering employment, other service relationships or activities that are not specifically
targeted toward employees, advisors, consultants or contractors of the Company shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Section
3.

4.
Nondisclosure of Customer, Partner and Vendor Information. Employee understands and agrees that it is essential to the
Companys success that all nonpublic customer, partner, and vendor information is deemed and treated as Confidential Information
and a confidential trade secret. Employee will not, directly or indirectly, either for him/herself or for any other person, partnership,
legal entity, or enterprise, use or disclose any such customer, partner, or vendor information that constitutes Confidential Information
or a confidential trade secret, except as may be necessary in the normal conduct of the Companys business for the specific customer,
partner, or vendor. Employee agrees that at the end of Employees relationship with the Company, or upon request by the Company,
Employee will return to the Company any materials containing such Confidential Information or confidential trade secret.

5.
Nondisclosure of Confidential Information. All such Confidential Information is (and will be) the exclusive property of
the Company, and Employee shall not, during or after Employees employment: (i) use any Confidential Information for any purpose
that is not authorized by the Company; (ii) disclose any Confidential Information to any person or entity, except as authorized by the
Company in connection with Employees job duties; or (iii) remove or transfer Confidential Information from the Companys
premises or systems except as authorized by the Company.

Upon termination of Employees relationship (for any
reason), or upon the request of the Company, Employee will immediately surrender to the Company all Company property in Employees
possession, custody, or control, including any and all documents, electronic information, and materials of any nature containing any Confidential
Information, without retaining any copies.

Employee understands that the Company
is now and may hereafter be subject to non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements with third persons that require the Company to protect
or refrain from use of Confidential Information. Employee agrees to respect and be bound by the terms of such agreements in the event
Employee has access to such Confidential Information.

Employee understands that Confidential
Information is never to be used or disclosed by Employee, as provided in this Section 5. If a temporal limitation on Employees
obligation not to use or disclose such information is required under applicable law, and the Agreement or its restriction(s) cannot otherwise
be enforced, Employee agrees and the Company agrees that the five (5) year period after the date Employees employment ends (or
such longer period as may be permitted under applicable law) will be the temporal limitation relevant to the contested restriction; provided,
however, that this sentence will not apply to trade secrets protected without temporal limitation under applicable law.

B-3

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
to the contrary in this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and the Employee, nothing in this Agreement shall limit the
Employees right to discuss Employees employment or report possible violations of law or regulation with the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission, United States Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or other federal government agency or similar state or local agency or to discuss the terms and conditions of his employment with others
to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act or to the extent that such disclosure is protected
under the applicable provisions of law or regulation, including but not limited to whistleblower statutes or other similar
provisions that protect such disclosure. Employee agrees to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Companys Confidential
Information is not made public during any such disclosure. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b), the Employee shall not be held criminally
or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (1) is made in confidence to
a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting
or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding,
if such filing is made under seal.

6. Assignment
of Inventions. Employee expressly understands and agrees that any and all right or interest Employee obtains in any designs, trade
secrets, technical specifications and technical data, know-how and show-how, customer and vendor lists, marketing plans, pricing policies,
inventions, concepts, ideas, expressions, discoveries, improvements and patent or patent rights which are authored, conceived, devised,
developed, reduced to practice, or otherwise obtained by him during the term of his employment under the Employment Agreement or at any
time prior thereto which relate to or arise out of his employment with the Company and which relate to the business of the Company are
expressly regarded as works for hire or works invented or authored during the course and scope of employment or engagement,
whether as an adviser, consultant, officer, executive, director or other capacity (the Inventions). Employee hereby
assigns to the Company the sole and exclusive right to such Inventions. Any assignment of Inventions (and all intellectual property rights
with respect thereto) hereunder includes an assignment of all Moral Rights (which shall mean all paternity, integrity, disclosure,
withdrawal, special and any other similar rights recognized by the laws of any jurisdiction or country). To the extent such Moral Rights
cannot be assigned to the Company and to the extent the following is allowed by the laws in any country where Moral Rights exist, Employee
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the enforcement of such Moral Rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against
the Company or related to the Companys customers, with respect to such rights. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that neither
his successors-in-interest nor legal heirs retain any Moral Rights in any Inventions (and any intellectual property rights with respect
thereto).

Employee
agrees to disclose all Inventions fully and in writing to the Company promptly after development, conception, invention, creation or
discovery of the same, and at any time upon request. Employee will provide all assistance that the Company reasonably requests to secure
or enforce its rights throughout the world with respect to Inventions, including signing all necessary documents to memorialize those
rights and take any other action which the Company shall deem necessary to assign to and vest completely in the Company, to perfect trademark,
copyright and patent protection with respect to, or to otherwise protect the Companys trade secrets and proprietary interest in
such Inventions. The obligations of this Section shall continue beyond the termination of Employees relationship with respect
to such Inventions conceived of, reduced to practice, or developed by the Employee during the term of this Agreement. The Company agrees
to pay any and all copyright, trademark and patent fees and expenses or other costs incurred by Employee for any assistance rendered
to the Company pursuant to this Section.

In the event the Company is unable,
after reasonable effort, to secure Employees signature on any patent application, copyright or trademark registration or other
analogous protection relating to an Invention, the Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized
officer and agent as his agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on his behalf and stead to execute and file any such application or
applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters patent, copyright or other
analogous protection thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by the Employee.

In Attachment A to this Agreement,
Employee has listed all Inventions that relate to the business of the Company that Employee (alone or jointly with others) made, conceived,
or first reduced to practice by Employee prior to Employees execution of this Agreement, and in which Employee has any property
interest or claim of ownership. If no such Inventions are listed in said Attachment, Employee represents that Employee has no such Inventions.

To the extent Employee is a citizen
of and subject to law of a state which provides a limitation on invention assignments, then this Agreements assignment shall not
include inventions excluded under such law.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 6, this Section 6 shall not apply to inventions that the Employee develops entirely on
his own time without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information, except to the extent such
inventions (a) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the Companys business, or actual
or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company; or (b) result from any work performed by the Employee for the Company.

B-4

7. Absence
of Conflicting Agreements. Employee understands that the Company does not desire to acquire from Employee any trade secrets, know-how
or confidential business information that Employee may have acquired from others, and Employee agrees not to disclose any such information
to the Company or otherwise utilize any such information in connection with Employees performance of duties with the Company. Employee
represents that Employee is not bound by any agreement or any other existing or previous business relationship which purports to conflict
or impact the full performance of Employees duties and obligations to the Company.

8. Remedies
Upon Breach. Employee agrees that any action that violates this Agreement would cause the Company irreparable harm for which monetary
damages are inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of a breach, or threatened breach, the Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining
such breach or threatened breach, or requiring specific performance, in addition to any and all rights and remedies at law and equity.
The Company shall not be obligated to present additional evidence of irreparable harm or the insufficiency of monetary damages and, to
the extent permitted by law or under applicable court rule, does not need to post a bond or other surety. Nothing herein shall be construed
as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedy available to the Company for such breach or threatened breach.

9. Jurisdiction,
Venue and Choice of Law. The parties hereby mutually agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 15th Judicial Circuit Court of
the State of Florida or the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida for any dispute arising hereunder. Accordingly,
with respect to any such court action, Employee (a) submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consents to service of process
by regular mail to his last known address; and (c) waives any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise)
with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process. If either party hereto commences a legal action or other proceeding against
the other party concerning a dispute arising from or relating to this Agreement outside of Florida, such commencing party shall reimburse
such other party for its or his reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses if such other party prevails in staying, transferring,
dismissing or otherwise defending such action or proceeding based on the location of the action or proceeding, regardless of whether such
fees, costs and expenses are incurred in the forum where such commencing party commenced the action or in a Florida forum. This Agreement
shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of Florida, without regard to the doctrine of conflicts of law.

10. Employment
Relationship. Employee agrees and acknowledges that Employee is an employee at will and nothing in this Agreement
is intended to guarantee employment for any period of time. The parties enter this Agreement with the understanding that Employees
position, title, duties and responsibilities could change in a material way in the future and, in light of that understanding, the parties
intend that this Agreement shall follow Employee throughout the entire course of Employees employment with the Company (and thereafter),
and such subsequent material change shall not affect the enforceability or validity of this Agreement.

11.
Return of Property. Employee agrees that, within ten (10) days of the time of termination of Employees employment
(for any reason), Employee will return immediately to the Company, in good condition, all property of the Company. This return of property
includes, without limitation, a return of physical property (such as computer, phone or other mobile devices, credit card, promotional
materials, etc.) and intangible property (such as computer passwords).

12.
Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation. During and after the Employees relationship with the Company, Employee shall
cooperate fully with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or that may be brought in the
future against or on behalf of the Company by/against third parties that relate to events or occurrences that transpired while the Employee
was employed by the Company. Employees full cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited
to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness at mutually convenient times. During
and after the Employees employment, Employee also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation
or review of any federal, state, or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that
transpired while the Employee was employed by the Company, unless such claim is brought by Employee. As consideration for the Employees
services under this Section 12, the Company shall remit to Employee, as agreed between the parties in advance, (a) reasonable
expenses related to such cooperation, and (b) an hourly rate equal to Employees last base salary divided by 2,000.

13.
Communication to Future Employers. Employee agrees to communicate the contents of all post-relationship obligations in
this Agreement to any Competing Business that Employee intends to be employed by, associated with, or represent. Employee understands
and agrees that the Company may, in its discretion, also share any post-employment obligation set out in this Agreement with any future
employer or potential employer of Employee, or any entity which seeks to be associated with Employee for Employees services.

B-5

14.
Miscellaneous. Any waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed
as a waiver of any subsequent breach hereof. If a court determines that one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall
be invalid or unenforceable, such court shall construe, reform or otherwise revise such provision(s) so as to render it/them enforceable
to the maximum extent allowed by law, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement. The obligations of each party
hereto under this Agreement shall survive the termination of the Employees relationship with the Company regardless of the manner
of such termination to the extent expressly provided in, or logically would be expected under, this Agreement. All covenants and agreements
hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the successors of the Company. This Agreement amends, supplants and supersedes
any agreement previously executed between the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement.

Employee recognizes and agrees that
the enforcement of this Agreement is necessary, among other things, to ensure the preservation, protection and continuity of Confidential
Information, trade secrets and goodwill of the Company. Employee agrees that, due to the proprietary nature of the Business of the Company
and relationships with others, the post-employment restrictions set forth above are reasonable as to duration and scope.

Employee is advised to consult with
an attorney before entering into this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

B-6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Employee and the
Company have executed this Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement as an instrument under seal as of this
8th day of November, 2021.

SpringBig Inc. Employee

/s/ Paul Sykes /s/ Jeffrey Harris

By: Paul Sykes Name: Jeffrey Harris

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

NONSOLICITATION, NONDISCLOSURE &
ASSIGNMENT OF INVENTIONS AGREEMENT

Attachment A

List of all inventions or improvements
(referred to in Section 6) made by Employee, alone or jointly with others, prior to the execution of the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure
& Assignment of Inventions Agreement.

Right, Title or Interest Date Acquired Identifying Number or Brief Description of Inventions or Improvements

(If none, please write
NONE.) 

NONE 

Name of Employee: 

Jeffrey Harris 

Print 

/s/ Jeffrey Harris 

Sign 

11/8/21 

Date 

EXHIBIT C

Noncompetition Covenant

NONCOMPETITION COVENANT

(a) During the period of your relationship with Company, you,
Jeffrey Harris (hereinafter you) agree to not, anywhere within the Restricted Area (defined below), acting individually,
or as an owner, shareholder, partner, employee, contractor, agent or otherwise (other than on behalf of Company): provide services to
a Competing Business (defined below). For a period of twelve (12) months following termination of your relationship with Company (for
any reason), you agree to not, anywhere within the Restricted Area, acting individually, or as an owner, shareholder, partner, employee,
contractor, agent or otherwise (other than on behalf of Company): directly or indirectly, provide services to a Competing Business that
relate to any aspect of the Business of the Company (i.e., providing messaging and customer experiences in the cannabis industry) for
which you performed services or received Confidential Information at any time. The foregoing shall not be construed to preclude you from:
(i) owning up to one percent (1%) of the outstanding stock of a publicly held corporation that constitutes or is affiliated with a Competing
Business; (ii) becoming a passive shareholder, partner, employee or member of a private equity, venture capital or other investment firm;
or (iii) continuing the activities set forth on Schedule 1 of the Employment Agreement. The foregoing shall, however, be construed to
specifically prevent you from (x) acting individually, or as an owner, shareholder, partner, employee, contractor, agent or otherwise
(other than on behalf of Company) anywhere within the Restricted Area, during the period of your relationship with the Company and for
a period of twelve (12) months following termination of your relationship with Company (for any reason other than referenced below in
section (b)), and (y) providing services that relate to any aspect of the Business of the Company for any private equity, venture capital
or other investment firm that owns or controls a Competing Business; provided that you may work for a division, entity or subgroup
of any companies that engage in a Competing Business (a Separate BU) so long as such Separate BU does not engage
in any Competing Business and you do not provide any service, investment advice or consulting related service to any Competing Business.
To the extent that you act individually, or as an owner, shareholder, partner, employee, contractor, agent or otherwise and provide services
unrelated to the Business of the Company for any Separate BU or private equity, venture capital or other investment firm at any time
during such twelve (12) month period, you agree to institute an ethical screen that prevents your access to communications, information
and participation in all services related to the Business of the Company.

You and the Company agree that the
opportunity for post-employment benefits and compensation set forth in the Executive Employment Agreement dated November 8, 2021 (the
Employment Agreement) constitute mutually-agreed upon consideration for this Noncompetition Covenant, and is fair and reasonable
consideration for this Noncompetition Covenant, in addition to continued employment and other benefits received. Such consideration is
specifically designated and you acknowledge the receipt and sufficiency of the consideration.

i. Company shall mean any entity controlled
by, controlling, or under common control with SpringBig, Inc., a Delaware corporation, including affiliates and subsidiaries. Control
means the direct or indirect possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether
through ownership, by contract or otherwise.

ii. Restricted Area shall mean the entire United States since the Business of the Company
encompasses the entire United States, of which you acknowledge and agree.

iii. Competing Business shall mean any person, firm, association, corporation or any other legal entity that is engaged
in a business that is competitive with any aspect of the Business of the Company.

C-2

iv. Business of the Company shall mean providing messaging, customer loyalty management
and/or and customer experiences in the cannabis industry, including, without limitation, the research, design, development, marketing,
sales, operations, maintenance and commercial exploitation pertaining to the operation of, and providing products and services for such
business.

v. Confidential Information shall mean all information or a compilation of information,
in any form (tangible or intangible or otherwise), that is not generally known to competitors or the public, which Company considers to
be confidential and/or proprietary, including but not limited to: research and development; techniques; methodologies; strategies; product
information, designs, prototypes and technical specifications; algorithms, source codes, object codes, trade secrets or technical data;
training materials methods; internal policies and procedures; marketing plans and strategies; pricing and cost policies; customer, supplier,
vendor and partner lists and accounts; customer and supplier preferences; contract terms and rates; financial data, information, reports,
and forecasts; inventions, improvements and other intellectual property; product plans or proposed product plans; know-how; designs, processes
or formulas; software and website applications; computer passwords; market or sales information, plans or strategies; business plans,
prospects and opportunities (including, but not limited to, possible acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or facilities); information
concerning existing or potential customers, partners or vendors. Confidential Information shall also mean information of or related to
Companys current or potential customers, vendors or partners that is considered to be confidential or proprietary to the applicable
customer, vendor or partner.

Confidential Information does not include:
information in the public domain (other than as a result of disclosure by you); approved in writing for unrestricted release by Company;
information that Employee discovered outside of the course and scope of his employment with Company; or produced or disclosed pursuant
to a valid court order, provided you have given Company written notice of such request such that Company has an actual, reasonable
opportunity to defend, limit or protect such production or disclosure.

(b) You agree to communicate the contents of all post-relationship
obligations in this Noncompetition Covenant to any Competing Business that you intend to be employed by, associated with, or represent.
You understand and agree that the Company may, in its discretion, also share any post-relationship obligation in this Noncompetition
Covenant with any future (or potential) employer or association that is a Competing Business that seeks to be associated with you or
employ you for your services.

(c) You agree that the enforcement of the Noncompetition Covenant
is necessary, among other things, to ensure the preservation, protection and continuity of the Companys Confidential Information,
trade secrets and goodwill of the Company. You agree that, due to the proprietary nature of the Business of the Company and relationships
with others, the post-employment restrictions set forth above are reasonable as to duration and scope.

(d) You agree that any action that violates this Noncompetition
Covenant would cause the Company irreparable harm for which monetary damages are inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of a breach, or
threatened breach, of this Noncompetition Covenant, the Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining such breach or threatened
breach, or requiring specific performance, in addition to any and all rights and remedies at law and equity. The Company shall not be
obligated to present additional evidence of irreparable harm or the insufficiency of monetary damages and, to the extent permitted by
law or under applicable court rule, does not need to post a bond or other surety. Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting the
Company from pursuing any other remedy available to the Company for such breach or threatened breach.

C-3

(e) You and the Company hereby mutually agree to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the 15th Judicial Circuit Court of the State of Florida or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of Florida for any dispute arising hereunder. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, you (a) submit to the personal jurisdiction
of such courts; (b) consent to service of process by regular mail to your last known address; and (c) waive any other requirement (whether
imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process. If either party hereto
commences a legal action or other proceeding against the other party hereto concerning a dispute arising from or relating to this Noncompetition
Covenant outside of Florida, such commencing party shall reimburse such other party for its or his reasonable attorneys fees,
costs and expenses if such other party prevails in staying, transferring, dismissing or otherwise defending such action or proceeding
based on the location of the action or proceeding, regardless of whether such fees, costs and expenses are incurred in the forum where
such commencing party commenced the action or in a Florida forum. This Noncompetition Covenant shall be governed by the internal substantive
laws of Florida, without regard to the doctrine of conflicts of law.

(f) The failure of you or Company to insist upon strict performance
of this Noncompetition Covenant irrespective of the length of time for which such failure continues, shall not be a waiver of such partys
rights herein. No term or provision of this Noncompetition Covenant may be waived unless such waiver is in writing.

(g) If a court determines that one or more of the provisions contained
in this Noncompetition Covenant shall be invalid or unenforceable, such court shall construe, reform or otherwise revise such provision(s)
so as to render it/them enforceable to the maximum extent allowed by law, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Noncompetition
Covenant.

(h) Your obligations under this Noncompetition Covenant shall
survive the termination of your relationship with the Company regardless of the manner of such termination.

(i) The rights granted to the Company under the Noncompetition
Covenant shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the successors or assigns of Company.

(j) The parties agree that you are employed at will
and nothing in this Noncompetition Covenant is intended to guarantee employment for any period of time. Even though the nature of your
relationship with the Company is as an at will employee, the parties enter this Noncompetition Covenant with the understanding
that your position, title, duties and responsibilities could change in a material way in the future and, in light of that understanding,
the parties intend that this Noncompetition Covenant shall follow you throughout the entire course of your employment with the Company,
and such subsequent material change shall not affect the enforceability or validity of this Noncompetition Covenant.

C-4

SpringBig Inc. Employee

/s/ Paul Sykes /s/ Jeffrey Harris

By: Paul Sykes Name: Jeffrey Harris

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

EXHIBIT D

Consulting Agreement

January 15, 2025

Dear Mr. Harris,

This letter agreement (this Agreement)
sets forth the terms and conditions whereby you agree to provide certain services (as described in Schedule 1) to SpringBig, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company).

1.
SERVICES.

1.1 The
Company hereby engages you, and you hereby accept such engagement, as an independent contractor to provide certain services to the Company
on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

1.2
You shall provide to the Company the services set forth in Schedule 1 (the Services).

1.3 The
Company does not and shall not control or direct the manner or means by which you perform the Services, including but not limited to the
time and place you perform the Services.

1.4 As
set forth in Schedule 1, the Company shall provide you with access to the extent necessary for the performance of the Services. Unless
otherwise specified in Schedule 1, you shall furnish, at your own expense, the materials, equipment, and other resources necessary to
perform the Services.

1.5 You
shall comply with all rules and procedures communicated to you in writing by the Company, including those related to safety, security,
and confidentiality.

2. TERM.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the first day after the Separation Date (as defined in the Separation and Release of Claims
Agreement to which this Agreement is attached) and shall continue for a period of 12 months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with
Section 10 (the Term). Any extension of the Term will be subject to mutual written agreement between you and the
Company (referred to collectively as the Parties).

3.
FEES AND EXPENSES.

3.1 As full compensation for the
Services and the rights granted to the Company in this Agreement, the Company shall pay you a fixed fee of $450,000 (the
Fees), payable in monthly installments of $25,000 no later than the 15th day of each month, starting the
fifteenth day of the first calendar month after which the Term commences and concluding on the fifteenth day of the eighteenth
(18th) calendar month after which the Term commences, for which you acknowledge that you will receive an IRS Form 1099
from the Company, and that you shall be solely responsible for all federal, state, and local taxes, as set out in Section 4.2.

3.2 If
the Company requests that you travel to perform the Services, then the Company shall reimburse you for any reasonable travel or other
costs or expenses incurred by you in connection with such travel; provided, that you have submitted a written estimate of such
costs or expenses to the Company for approval prior to any such travel. Otherwise, you are solely responsible for any travel or other
costs or expenses incurred by you in connection with the performance of the Services, and in no event shall the Company reimburse you
for any such costs or expenses.

4.
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES.

4.1 You
are an independent contractor of the Company, and this Agreement shall not be construed to create any association, partnership, joint
venture, employment, or agency relationship between you and the Company for any purpose. You have no authority (and shall not hold yourself
out as having authority) to bind the Company and you shall not make any agreements or representations on the Companys behalf without
the Companys prior written consent.

4.2 Without
limiting Section 4.1, you will not be eligible to participate in any vacation, group medical or life insurance, disability, profit sharing
or retirement benefits, or any other fringe benefits or benefit plans offered by the Company to its employees, and the Company will not
be responsible for withholding or paying any income, payroll, Social Security, or other federal, state, or local taxes, making any insurance
contributions, including for unemployment or disability, or obtaining workers compensation insurance on your behalf. You shall
be responsible for, and shall indemnify the Company against, all such taxes or contributions, including penalties and interest. Any persons
employed or engaged by you in connection with the performance of the Services shall be your employees or contractors and you shall be
fully responsible for them and indemnify the Company against any claims made by or on behalf of any such employee or contractor.

5.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

5.1 All documents, work product,
and other materials that are delivered under this Agreement (collectively, the Deliverables) and all other
writings, technology, inventions, discoveries, processes, techniques, methods, ideas, concepts, research, proposals, and materials,
and all other work product of any nature whatsoever, that are created, prepared, produced, authored, edited, modified, conceived, or
reduced to practice in the course of performing the Services or other work performed in connection with the Services or this
Agreement (collectively, and including the Deliverables, Work Product), and all patents, copyrights, trademarks
(together with the goodwill symbolized thereby), trade secrets, know-how, and other confidential or proprietary information, and
other intellectual property rights (collectively Intellectual Property Rights) therein, shall be owned
exclusively by the Company. You acknowledge and agree that any and all Work Product that may qualify as work made for
hire as defined in the Copyright Act of 1976 (17 U.S.C. 101) is hereby deemed work made for hire for the
Company and all copyrights therein shall automatically and immediately vest in the Company. To the extent that any Work Product does
not constitute work made for hire, you hereby irrevocably assign to the Company and its successors and assigns, for no
additional consideration, your entire right, title, and interest in and to the Work Product and all Intellectual Property Rights
therein, including the right to sue, counterclaim, and recover for all past, present, and future infringement, misappropriation, or
dilution thereof.

D-2

5.2 To
the extent any copyrights are assigned under this Section 5, you hereby irrevocably waive in favor of the Company, to the extent permitted
by applicable law, any and all claims you may now or hereafter have in any jurisdiction to all rights of paternity or attribution, integrity,
disclosure, and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as moral rights in relation to all Work Product to which
the assigned copyrights apply.

5.3 You
shall make full and prompt written disclosure to the Company of any inventions that constitute Work Product, whether or not such inventions
are patentable or protected as trade secrets. You shall not disclose to any third party the nature or details of any such inventions or
processes without the prior written consent of the Company. Any patent application for or application for registration of any Intellectual
Property Rights in any Work Product that you may file during the Term or at any time thereafter will belong to the Company, and you hereby
irrevocably assign to the Company, for no additional consideration, your entire right, title, and interest in and to such application,
all Intellectual Property Rights disclosed or claimed therein, and any patent or registration issuing or resulting therefrom.

5.4 Upon
the request of the Company, during and after the Term, you shall promptly take such further actions, including execution and delivery
of all appropriate instruments of conveyance, and provide such further cooperation, as may be reasonably necessary to assist the Company
to apply for, prosecute, register, maintain, perfect, record, or enforce its rights in any Work Product and all Intellectual Property
Rights therein. In the event the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to obtain your signature on any such documents, you hereby
irrevocably designate and appoint the Company as your agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on your behalf solely to execute and
file any such application or other document and do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of patents,
copyrights, or other intellectual property protection related to the Work Product with the same legal force and effect as if you had executed
them. You agree that this power of attorney is coupled with an interest.

5.5 As
between you and the Company, the Company is, and will remain, the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title, and interest in and to
any documents, specifications, data, know-how, methodologies, software, and other materials provided to you by the Company (Company
Materials), and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. You have no right or license to reproduce or use any Company Materials
except solely during the Term to the extent necessary to perform your obligations under this Agreement. All other rights in and to the
Company Materials are expressly reserved by the Company. You have no right or license to use the Companys trademarks, service marks,
trade names, logos, symbols, or brand names.

D-3

6.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

6.1
You represent and warrant to the Company that:

(a) you
have the right to enter into this Agreement, to grant the rights granted herein and to perform fully all of your obligations in this Agreement;

(b) your
entering into this Agreement with the Company and your performance of the Services do not and will not conflict with or result in any
breach or default under any other agreement to which you are subject; and

(c) you
shall perform the Services in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations.

6.2
The Company hereby represents and warrants to you that:

(a) it
has the full right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; and

(b) the
execution of this Agreement by its representative whose signature is set forth at the end of this Agreement has been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action.

7.
INDEMNIFICATION.

7.1 You
shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company and its affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, agents, successors,
and assigns from and against all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, actions, judgments, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs,
or expenses of whatever kind (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of or resulting from your breach of any representation,
warranty, or obligation under this Agreement.

7.2 The
Company may satisfy such indemnity (in whole or in part) by way of deduction from any payment due to you.

8.
TERMINATION.

8.1 The Company may terminate this
Agreement for Cause, effective immediately upon written notice to you. Upon termination for Cause, the Company shall no longer be
obligated to make any payments to you pursuant to Section 3. Cause shall mean the Companys termination of the
Agreement as a result of: (i) fraud, embezzlement, willful misconduct, or an act of dishonesty by you in connection with or relating
to your relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates; (ii) theft or misappropriation of Company property, information or
other assets by you, (iii) other conduct which results in or could reasonably be expected to result in material loss, damage or
injury to the Company and/or its affiliates, their goodwill, business or reputation; (iv) your conviction, guilty plea, no contest
plea, or similar plea for any felony or any crime of moral turpitude, or any other crime that results in or could reasonably be
expected to result in material loss, damage or injury to the Company and its affiliates, their goodwill, business or reputation; or
(v) your material breach of any of your obligations under this Agreement.

D-4

8.2 Upon
expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, you shall promptly after such expiration or termination deliver to the Company
all materials, equipment, and other property provided for your use by the Company and certify in writing to the Company that you have
complied with the requirements of this clause.

8.3 The
terms and conditions of this clause and Section 4, Section 5, Section 6, Section 7, Section 10 and Section 11 shall survive the expiration
or termination of this Agreement.

9. ASSIGNMENT.
You shall not assign any rights, or delegate or subcontract any obligations, under this Agreement without the Companys prior written
consent. Any assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be deemed null and void. The Company may freely assign its rights and obligations
under this Agreement at any time. Subject to the limits on assignment stated above, this Agreement will inure to the benefit of, be binding
on, and be enforceable against each of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

10. GOVERNING LAW;
ARBITRATION. This Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto, and all claims or disputes relating thereto,
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to the choice of law
provisions thereof. Any dispute arising from this Agreement, including but not limited to claims for wrongful termination; violation
of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as amended; violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; violations of
Florida law; or claims for violations of any state law or rule or regulation regarding discrimination, harassment or other wrongful
conduct (collectively, Covered Claims), shall be decided solely and exclusively in a final and binding arbitration
administered by the JAMS in Miami, Florida, in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules in effect at the time of the
filing of the demand for arbitration (the Rules), a copy of which is available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-
employment-arbitration/. The arbitrator shall be a single arbitrator with expertise in employment disputes, mutually selected by the
parties, or, if the parties are unable to agree thereon, a single arbitrator with expertise in employment disputes designated by the
Miami office of JAMS. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award all remedies available in a court of law. The parties
acknowledge and agree that their obligations to arbitrate under this Section survive the termination of the Agreement and continue
after the termination of the employment relationship between you and the Company. By agreeing to arbitrate disputes arising out of
this Agreement, you and the Company voluntarily and irrevocably waive any and all rights to have any such dispute heard or resolved
in any forum other than through arbitration as provided herein. This waiver specifically includes, but is not limited to, any right
to trial by jury. All arbitration proceedings hereunder shall be confidential, except: (a) to the extent the parties otherwise agree
in writing; (b) as may be otherwise appropriate in response to a request from a government agency, subpoena, or legal process; (c)
if the substantive law of the State of Florida (without giving effect to choice of law principles) provides to the contrary; or (d)
as is necessary in a court proceeding to enforce, correct, modify or vacate the arbitrators award or decision (and in the
case of this subpart (d), the parties agree to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the arbitrators award, decision or
findings and all other documents, pleadings and papers are filed and/or entered with the court under seal and/or in a manner that
would maintain their confidentiality, including, without limitation, complying with all rules of procedure and local rules for
filing documents, pleadings and papers under seal).

D-5

11.
MISCELLANEOUS.

11.1 All
notices under this Agreement must be given in writing by personal delivery, regular mail or email at the addresses indicated in this Agreement
or any other address designated in writing by either Party.

Notice to Employer Group:

SpringBig Holdings, Inc.

Attn: Board of Directors

621 NW 53rd
St, Suite 500

Boca Raton, FL 33487

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Benesch Friedlander Coplan & Aronoff LLP

1155 Avenue of
the Americas, Floor 26

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Aslam A. Rawoof

Email: arawoof@beneschlaw.com

Notice to the Executive:

Jeffrey Harris

Address on file with the Company

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Shapiro, Blasi, Wasserman & Hermann, P.A.

7777 Glades
Road, Suite 400

Boca Raton, FL 33434

Attention: Adam C. Chotiner

Email: achotiner@sbwh.law

11.2 This
Agreement and related schedule, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the Parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject
matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both
written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.

11.3 This
Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto, and any of the terms
thereof may be waived, only by a written document signed by each party to this Agreement or, in the case of waiver, by the party or parties
waiving compliance.

D-6

11.4 If
any provision of this Agreement is found by a court or arbitral authority of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable
in any respect, or enforceable only if modified, such finding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, which
shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding on the Parties. The Parties further agree that any such court or arbitral
authority is expressly authorized to modify any such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision of this Agreement instead of severing
the provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting, deleting, or adding to the offending provision, or by making
such other modifications as it deems necessary to carry out the intent and agreement of the Parties as embodied in this Agreement to the
maximum extent permitted by law. Any such modification shall become a part of and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement.
If such provision or provisions are not modified, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions
had not been set forth in it. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court or arbitral authority shall
be binding on and enforceable against each of them.

11.5 The
Parties may execute this Agreement in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile, email in portable document format (.pdf),
or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document has the same effect
as delivery of an executed original of this Agreement.

If this letter accurately sets forth our understanding, kindly
execute the enclosed copy of this letter and return it to the undersigned.

D-7

SCHEDULE 1

1. SERVICES: Mr. Harris
will make himself available to the Board of Directors and senior management team of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. to help with questions and
issues that may arise, to help with key clients and prospect issues as needed, to help the Company with strategic planning and to be a
constructive team player and collaborator to help in the Companys success.

2. ACCESS PROVIDED
BY COMPANY: Access to Company email account and Slack messaging. No access to any other Company materials, information or systems or Company
premises (including any of the Companys offices) without the Companys prior written consent.

D-8

Very truly yours, 

SpringBig, Inc. 

BY: /s/ Paul Sykes 

(signature) 

Name: Paul Sykes 

(printed name) 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

BY: /s/ Jeffrey Harris 

(signature) 

Name: Jeffrey Harris 

(printed name) 

Date: 1/15/2025 

[Signature page to Consulting Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022821601ex10-2_springbig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SEPARATION AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 15, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN SPRINGBIG, INC., SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. AND PAUL SYKES
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Separation and Release of Claims
Agreement

This Separation and Release of Claims
Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by and between SpringBig, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Employer),
on behalf of itself, its parents, subsidiaries, and other corporate affiliates, and each of their respective present and former employees,
officers, directors, owners, shareholders, and agents, individually and in their official capacities (collectively referred to as the
Employer Group), and Paul Sykes, a Florida resident (the Executive) (the Employer and the Executive
are collectively referred to as the Parties) as of January 15, 2025 (the Execution Date).

The Employer and Executive are parties to the following agreements:
the Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2021 (the Employment Agreement); the Nonsolicitation,
Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2021 (the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment
of Inventions Agreement); and the Noncompetition Covenant, dated as of November 8, 2021 (the Noncompetition Covenant
and, together with the Employment Agreement and the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement, the Prior
Agreements).

The Executives last day of employment with the Employer
will be June 14, 2025 (the Separation Date). After the Separation Date, the Executive will not represent that the
Executive is an employee, officer, attorney, agent, or representative of the Employer Group for any purpose. Except as otherwise set forth
in this Agreement, the Separation Date will be the employment termination date for the Executive for all purposes, meaning the Executive
is not entitled to any further compensation, monies, or other benefits from the Employer Group, including coverage under any benefit plans
or programs sponsored by the Employer Group, as of the Separation Date.

1. Return
of Property. On or before the Separation Date, the Executive must return all Employer Group property, including identification cards
or badges, access codes or devices, keys, laptops, computers, telephones, mobile phones, hand-held electronic devices, credit cards, electronically
stored documents or files and storage devices, physical files, and any other Employer Group property in the Executives possession.
The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that as of the Separation Date, the Executive will no longer have access to and will not
claim ownership of any of the Employer Groups cloud storage or social media accounts.

2. Executive
Representations. The Executive specifically represents, warrants, and confirms that the Executive:

(a) has
not filed any complaints or lawsuits against the Employer Group with any state or federal court or arbitration forum before executing
this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, this representation does not include, and the Executive is not required to disclose to the
Employer, any claims, complaints, or communications to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the National Labor
Relations Board (NLRB), the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (OSHA), or any other federal, state, or local governmental regulatory or law enforcement agency (Government
Agencies));

(b) has
not made any claims or allegations to the Employer Group related to sexual harassment, sex discrimination, or sexual assault or abuse,
and that none of the payments set forth in this Agreement are related to any such claims or allegations;

(c) has been properly paid for all hours worked
for the Employer Group; and (d) has received all salary, wages, commissions, bonuses, and other compensation due to the Executive,
through and including the Execution Date.

3. Separation Benefits.
As consideration for the Executives execution of, non- revocation of and compliance with this Agreement, including the Executives
waiver and release of claims in Section 4 and other post-termination obligations, and the Executives execution and non-revocation
of the attached Exhibit A to Separation and Release Agreement after the Separation Date, the Employer Group agrees to provide
the following benefits to which the Executive is not otherwise entitled:

(a) Prior
to the Separation Date, the Executive will be paid the annualized base salary of $364,000 in accordance with the Employer Groups
standard practices.

(b) Following the Separation Date, the Employer
Group agrees to pay the Executive an aggregate bonus of $227,500.05, payable in semimonthly installments of $15,166.67 on or
promptly following the Employer Groups standard U.S. payroll dates, commencing on the Employer Groups first standard
U.S. payroll date following the Separation Date and concluding on the Employer Groups 15th standard U.S. payroll date
following the Separation Date.

(c) On the Separation Date, SpringBig Holdings,
Inc. pursuant to its 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan shall accelerate the vesting of 86,667 restricted stock units comprising (i) all
of the remaining unvested 15,000 restricted stock units that were originally scheduled to vest on the third anniversary of the date
of the grant, as reported in Column 9 of Table II of the Executives Form 4 filed with the SEC on July 9, 2024 and (ii) 71,667
restricted stock units that were originally scheduled to vest on the second anniversary of the date of the grant, as reported in
Column 4 of Table I of the Executives Form 4 filed with the SEC on June 28, 2023.

(d) If the Executive timely and properly elects
COBRA continuation coverage under the Employer Groups health plan (the Plan), the Executive may be permitted to
continue participation in the Plan under COBRA by continuing to pay premiums to the Employer or COBRA Administrator, as applicable,
at the contribution level in effect for active employees until the earliest of: (i) the expiration of twelve months following the
Separation Date; (ii) the date the Executive becomes covered under another employers health plan; or (iii) the expiration of
the maximum COBRA continuation coverage period for which the Executive is eligible under federal law; provided, that the
Employer agrees to contribute up to $1,228.93 per month toward such premiums until the earliest of the occurrence of clause (i),
(ii) and (iii) of this Section 3(d). At the end of this period, the Executive shall be eligible to continue coverage, pursuant to
COBRA, and shall be responsible for the entire COBRA premium for the remainder of the applicable COBRA continuation period.

The Executive understands, acknowledges,
and agrees that these benefits exceed what the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive on separation from employment, and that these
benefits are being given as consideration in exchange for executing this Agreement, including the general release and restrictive covenants
contained in it. The Executive further acknowledges that the Executive is not entitled to any additional payment or consideration not
specifically referenced in this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed as an express or implied policy or practice
of the Employer Group to provide these or other benefits to any individuals other than the Executive.

2

4.
Conditions.

(a) In
exchange for the consideration provided in this Agreement, the Executive hereby agrees to execute and deliver a release, substantially
in the form set forth as Exhibit A, effective and dated as of the Separation Date, and such execution and delivery shall be a condition
precedent to the Employer Groups obligations under this Agreement as of and following the Separation Date (including, but not limited
to, any further compensation, monies, or other benefits from the Employer Group, including coverage under any benefit plans or programs
sponsored by the Employer Group).

(b) In
exchange for the consideration provided in this Agreement, the Executive hereby agrees to take all reasonable actions necessary to enable
SpringBig Holdings, Inc. to complete the audit of its 2024 financial statements, file with the SEC its Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2024 and hold its annual meeting of shareholders, in each case, on or prior to March 31, 2025.

5.
Post-Termination Obligations and Restrictive Covenants.

(a)
Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions.

(i) The
Executive acknowledges, confirms and agrees that the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement, attached hereto
as Exhibit B, remains in full force and effect as of the Execution Date, and that the Separation Date shall be deemed to be the
termination of the relationship between the Employer and the Executive for all purposes pursuant to such agreement, including but not
limited to Sections 2, 3 and 5 thereof; provided that the sentence in Clause (iii) in which the term Business of the Company
is defined shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

Business of the Company shall mean the
business of providing messaging, customer loyalty management and/or customer experiences in the cannabis and gaming industries, including,
without limitation, the research, design, development, marketing, sales, operations, maintenance and commercial exploitation pertaining
to the operation of, and providing products and services for such business.

(ii) Except as explicitly contemplated
and amended hereby, the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement shall remain in full force and effect without
change.

(b)
Noncompetition Covenant.

(i) The
Executive acknowledges, confirms and agrees that the Noncompetition Covenant, attached hereto as Exhibit C, remains in full force
and effect as of the Execution Date, and that the Separation Date shall be deemed to be the termination of the relationship between the
Employer and the Executive for all purposes pursuant to the Noncompetition Covenant, including but not limited to Section (a) thereof;
provided, that the sentence in Clause (iv) of Section (a) in which the term Business of the Company is defined shall
be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

Business of the Company shall mean the
business of providing messaging, customer loyalty management and/or customer experiences in the cannabis and gaming industries, including,
without limitation, the research, design, development, marketing, sales, operations, maintenance and commercial exploitation pertaining
to the operation of, and providing products and services for such business.

(ii) Except
as explicitly contemplated and amended hereby, the Noncompetition Covenant shall remain in full force and effect without change.

3

6. Non-Disparagement.
The Executive agrees and covenants that the Executive shall not make, publish, or communicate defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments,
or statements concerning any of the Employer Groups products or services. The Executive agrees and covenants that the Executive
shall not make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any maliciously false, defamatory, or disparaging
remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Employer Group or its businesses, or any of its employees, officers, or directors and
their existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated third parties, now or at any time in the future.

This Section does not in any way restrict
or impede the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement, including the right
to report possible securities law violations to the SEC, without notice to the Employer Group, and rights under the National Labor Relations
Act (NLRA), including the right to file unlawful labor practice (ULP) charges or participate, assist, or cooperate in ULP investigations.
This Section also does not prevent the Executive from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order from a court of
competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation,
or order.

7. Termination for Cause.
The Employer Group may terminate this Agreement for Cause, effective immediately upon written notice to the Executive. Upon
termination for Cause, the Employer Group shall no longer be obligated to make any payments or provide any benefits to the Executive
pursuant to Section 3(a), 3(b) or 3(d). Cause shall mean the Employers termination of the Agreement as a result
of: (i) fraud, embezzlement, willful misconduct, or an act of dishonesty by the Executive in connection with or relating to the
Executives relationship with the Employer or any of its affiliates; (ii) theft or misappropriation of Employer` property,
information or other assets by the Executive, (iii) other conduct which results in or could reasonably be expected to result in
material loss, damage or injury to the Employer and/or its affiliates, their goodwill, business or reputation; (iv) the
Executives conviction, guilty plea, no contest plea, or similar plea for any felony or any crime of moral turpitude, or any
other crime that results in or could reasonably be expected to result in material loss, damage or injury to the Employer and its
affiliates, their goodwill, business or reputation; or (v) the Executives material breach of any of the Executives
obligations under this Agreement.

8. Remedies.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of any provision of this Agreement, Executive hereby consents and agrees
that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy and that Employer shall be entitled to seek a temporary or permanent injunction
or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of
showing any actual damages, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. Any equitable relief shall be in addition
to, not instead of, legal remedies, monetary damages, or other available relief.

If the Executive fails to comply with
any of the terms of this Agreement or post- employment obligations contained in it, the Employer may, in addition to any other available
remedies, reclaim any amounts paid to the Executive under the provisions of this Agreement and terminate any benefits or payments that
are later due under this Agreement, without waiving the releases provided in it.

The Parties mutually agree that this
Agreement can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement.

9.
Successors and Assigns.

(a) Assignment
by the Employer Group. The Employer Group may freely assign this Agreement at any time. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit
of the Employer Group and its successors and assigns.

(b) No
Assignment by the Executive. The Executive may not assign this Agreement in whole or in part. Any purported assignment by the Executive
shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment.

4

10. Governing Law;
Arbitration. This Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto, and all claims or disputes relating thereto,
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to the choice of law
provisions thereof. Except for disputes arising under Exhibit A, Exhibit B or Exhibit C hereof, which shall be decided pursuant to
the terms of those Exhibits, any dispute arising from this Agreement or Executives employment with the Employer Group,
including but not limited to claims for wrongful termination; violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as amended;
violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; violations of Florida law; or claims for violations of any state law or
rule or regulation regarding discrimination, harassment or other wrongful conduct (collectively, Covered Claims),
shall be decided solely and exclusively in a final and binding arbitration administered by the JAMS in Miami, Florida, in accordance
with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules in effect at the time of the filing of the demand for arbitration (the
Rules), a copy of which is available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules- employment-arbitration/. The arbitrator shall be
a single arbitrator with expertise in employment disputes, mutually selected by the parties, or, if the parties are unable to agree
thereon, a single arbitrator with expertise in employment disputes designated by the Miami office of JAMS. The arbitrator shall have
the authority to award all remedies available in a court of law. The parties acknowledge and agree that their obligations to
arbitrate under this Section survive the termination of the Agreement and continue after the termination of the employment
relationship between the Executive and the Employer Group. By agreeing to arbitrate disputes arising out of Executives
employment, the Executive, the Employer Group voluntarily and irrevocably waives any and all rights to have any such dispute heard
or resolved in any forum other than through arbitration as provided herein. This waiver specifically includes, but is not limited
to, any right to trial by jury. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, this Section will not apply to claims for
workers compensation or unemployment benefits and will not apply to claims for injunctive relief, or any other claim by the
Employer Group under Exhibit A or Exhibit C hereto. All arbitration proceedings hereunder shall be confidential, except: (a) to the
extent the parties otherwise agree in writing; (b) as may be otherwise appropriate in response to a request from a government
agency, subpoena, or legal process; (c) if the substantive law of the State of Florida (without giving effect to choice of law
principles) provides to the contrary; or (d) as is necessary in a court proceeding to enforce, correct, modify or vacate the
arbitrators award or decision (and in the case of this subpart (d), the parties agree to take all reasonable steps to ensure
that the arbitrators award, decision or findings and all other documents, pleadings and papers are filed and/or entered with
the court under seal and/or in a manner that would maintain their confidentiality, including, without limitation, complying with all
rules of procedure and local rules for filing documents, pleadings and papers under seal).

11. Entire
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as releasing the Executive from any obligations set out in the Prior Agreements,
provided that upon the Separation Date, all provisions of the Employment Agreement shall terminate, while the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure
and Assignment of Inventions Agreement and the Noncompetition Covenant shall continue effectiveness in accordance with their terms and
Section 5 hereof. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between Employer
Group and Executive relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, discussions, agreements,
representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding such subject matter.

12. Modification and Waiver. No
provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless the amendment or modification is agreed to in writing and signed by
the Executive and by an authorized representative of the Employer. No waiver by any Party of any breach by any other Party of any
condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by any other Party shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar
provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by any Party in exercising any
right, power, or privilege under this Agreement operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege.

5

13. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court or arbitral authority of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable
in any respect, or enforceable only if modified, such finding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, which
shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding on the Parties. The Parties further agree that any such court or arbitral
authority is expressly authorized to modify any such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision of this Agreement instead of severing
the provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting, deleting, or adding to the offending provision, or by making
such other modifications as it deems necessary to carry out the intent and agreement of the Parties as embodied in this Agreement to the
maximum extent permitted by law. Any such modification shall become a part of and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement.
If such provision or provisions are not modified, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions
had not been set forth in it. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court or arbitral authority shall
be binding on and enforceable against each of them.

14. Interpretation.
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement
is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph. Moreover, this Agreement shall not be construed
against either Party as the author or drafter of the Agreement.

15. Counterparts.
The Parties may execute this Agreement in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile, email in portable document
format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document has the
same effect as delivery of an executed original of this Agreement.

16. No
Admission of Liability. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as an admission by the Executive or the Employer Group of any
wrongdoing, liability, or noncompliance with any federal, state, city, or local rule, ordinance, statute, common law, or other legal obligation.

17. Notices.
All notices under this Agreement must be given in writing by personal delivery, regular mail or email at the addresses indicated in this
Agreement or any other address designated in writing by either Party.

Notice to Employer Group:

SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 

Attn: Board of Directors 

621 NW 53rd
St, Suite 500 

Boca Raton, FL 33487

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Benesch Friedlander Coplan & Aronoff LLP 

1155 Avenue of
the Americas, Floor 26

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Aslam A. Rawoof 

Email: arawoof@beneschlaw.com

Notice to the Executive:

Paul Sykes

Address on file with the Employer

6

18. Tolling.
If the Executive violates any of the post-termination obligations in this Agreement, the obligation at issue will run from the first date
on which the Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation.

19. Attorneys
Fees and Costs. If the Executive breaches any terms of this Agreement or the post-termination obligations referenced in it, to the
extent authorized by Florida law, the Executive will be responsible for payment of all reasonable attorneys fees and costs that
Employer incurred in the course of enforcing the terms of this Agreement, including demonstrating the existence of a breach and any other
contract enforcement efforts. If the Employer breaches any terms of this Agreement or the post-termination obligations referenced in it,
to the extent authorized by Florida law, the Employer will be responsible for payment of all reasonable attorneys fees and costs
that Executive incurred in the course of enforcing the terms of this Agreement, including demonstrating the existence of a breach and
any other contract enforcement efforts.

20.
Tax Matters.

(a) Withholding.
The Employer Group may withhold from any and all amounts payable under this Agreement or otherwise such federal, state and local taxes
as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

(b) Section 409A
Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(Section 409A), including the exceptions thereto, and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such
intent. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event
and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded
from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service, as a short-term deferral, or as a
settlement payment pursuant to a bona fide legal dispute shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For
purposes of Section 409A, any installment payments provided under this Agreement shall each be treated as a separate payment. To the
extent required under Section 409A, any payments to be made under this Agreement in connection with a termination of employment
shall only be made if such termination constitutes a separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Employer Group makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section
409A and in no event shall Employer Group be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that
may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

21. Notice
of Post-Termination Obligations. When the Executives employment with the Employer terminates, the Executive agrees to notify
any subsequent employer of the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement. In addition, the Executive authorizes the Employer Group
to provide a copy of the restrictive covenants referenced in this Agreement to third parties, including but not limited to, the Executives
subsequent, anticipated, or possible future employer.

22. Acknowledgment
of Full Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS, AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS
INTO THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH
AN ATTORNEY OF THE EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE EXECUTIVES
SIGNATURE BELOW IS AN AGREEMENT TO RELEASE EMPLOYER GROUP FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS THAT CAN BE RELEASED AS A MATTER OF LAW.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have executed this Agreement as of the Execution Date above.

SPRINGBIG, INC.

By /s/ Jeffrey Harris

Name: Jeffrey Harris

Title: Chief Executive Officer

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC.

By /s/ Jeffrey Harris

Name: Jeffrey Harris

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE 

Signature: /s/ Paul Sykes 

Print Name: Paul Sykes 

[Signature
page to Separation and Release Agreement]

EXHIBIT
A

Release

In consideration for the end of employment
benefits set forth in the Separation and Release of Claims Agreement to which this form is attached (the Separation Agreement),
including without limitation the separation benefits set forth in Section 3 thereof, among other things, Paul Sykes (the Executive,
I or me) and the Employer Group hereby enter into the following release and waiver of claims
(the Release).

The Executive hereby generally and
completely releases the Employer Group, its present and future affiliates, and its and their current and former directors, officers,
employees, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers,
affiliates, family and assigns (collectively, the Released Parties) of and from any and all claims, liabilities
and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions
occurring prior to or on the date that Executive signs this Release (collectively, the Released Claims). The
Released Claims include, but are not limited to: (i) all claims arising out of or in any way related to the Executives
employment with the Employer Group, or the termination of that employment; (ii) all claims related to the Executives
compensation or benefits from the Employer Group, including salary, bonuses, retention bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense
reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests or equity-based awards in the
Employer Group; (iii) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and
fair dealing; (iv) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public
policy; and (v) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation,
attorneys fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with
Disabilities Act of 1990 (as amended), the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (as amended) (the FMLA), the federal
Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (as amended) (the ADEA), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974 (as amended), the National Labor Relations Act of 1935 (as amended), and any similar applicable state laws, including those of
the State of Florida and any other federal, state or local civil or human rights law or any other local, state or federal law,
regulation or ordinance, and any public policy, contract, tort, or common law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are not
included in the Released Claims (the Excluded Claims): (i) any rights or claims for indemnification that Executive may
have pursuant to any written indemnification agreement with the Employer Group, the charter, bylaws, or operating agreements of the
Employer Group, or under applicable law; (ii) any rights which are not waivable as a matter of law; (iii) any claims arising from
the breach of this Release; or (iv) any claims related to the Employer Groups performance of its obligations under the
Separation Agreement following the Separation Date (as defined in the Separation Agreement). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in
this Release shall prevent Executive from challenging the validity of the Release in a legal or administrative proceeding. Nothing
in this Release shall prevent the Executive from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding or investigation
before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, United States Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal government agency, or
similar state or local agency (Government Agencies), or exercising any rights pursuant to Section 7 of the
National Labor Relations Act. The Executive further understands that this Release does not limit the Executives ability to
voluntarily communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be
conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Employer Group. While
this Release does not limit the Executives right to receive an award for information provided to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Executive understands and agrees that the Executive is otherwise waiving, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
any and all rights the Executive may have to individual relief based upon any claims arising out of any proceeding or investigation
before one or more of the Government Agencies. If any such claim is not subject to release, to the extent permitted by law, the
Executive waives any right or ability to be a class or collective action representative or to otherwise participate in any putative
or certified class, collective or multi- party action or proceeding based on such a claim in which any of the Released Parties is a
party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, this Release does not abrogate the Executives existing
rights to vested benefits under any Employer Group benefit plan or any plan or agreement related to equity ownership in the Employer
Group.

I acknowledge that I am knowingly and
voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights I may have under the ADEA (ADEA Waiver). I also acknowledge that (i)
the consideration given for the ADEA Waiver is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled; and (ii) that, subject
only to Employer Group providing the end of employment / termination benefits described in the first paragraph of this Release, I have
been paid for all time worked, has received all the leave, leaves of absence and leave benefits and protections for which I am eligible,
and have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which I have not already filed a claim. I affirm that all of the decisions of the Released
Parties regarding my pay and benefits through the date of my execution of this Release were not discriminatory based on age, disability,
race, color, sex, religion, national origin or any other classification protected by law. I affirm that I have not filed or caused to
be filed, and am not presently a party to, a claim against any of the Released Parties. I further affirm that I have no known workplace
injuries or occupational diseases. I acknowledge and affirm that I have not been retaliated against for reporting any allegation of corporate
fraud or other wrongdoing by any of the Released Parties, or for exercising any rights protected by law, including any rights protected
by the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family Medical Leave Act or any related statute or local leave or disability accommodation laws,
or any applicable state workers compensation law. I have been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that: (a) my waiver
and release do not apply to any claims that may arise after I sign this Release; (b) I should consult with an attorney prior to executing
this release; (c) I have twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this release (although I may choose to voluntarily execute this
release earlier); (d) I have seven (7) days following the execution of this release to revoke this Release (in a written revocation sent
to the Board of Directors of SpringBig Holdings, Inc.); and (e) this Release will not be effective until the eighth day after I sign this
Release, provided that I have not earlier revoked this Release (the Effective Date). I will not be entitled to receive
any of the benefits specified by this Release or the Agreement unless and until it becomes effective.

In granting the release herein,
which includes claims that may be unknown to me at present, I acknowledge that I expressly waive and relinquish any and all rights
and benefits under any applicable law or statute providing, in substance, that a general release does not extend to claims which a
party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her would
have materially affected the terms of such release.

The parties hereby mutually agree to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the 15th Judicial Circuit Court of the State of Florida or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Florida for any dispute arising hereunder. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, I (a) submit to
the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consent to service of process by regular mail to my last known address; and (c) waive
any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of
process. If either party hereto commences a legal action or other proceeding against the other party hereto concerning a dispute
arising from or relating to this Release outside of Florida, such commencing party will reimburse such other party for its or my
reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses if such other party prevails in staying, transferring, dismissing or otherwise
defending such action or proceeding based on the location of the action or proceeding, regardless of whether such fees, costs and
expenses are incurred in the forum where such commencing party commenced the action or in a Florida forum.

This Release constitutes the complete,
final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between the Employer Group and me with regard to the subject matter hereof. I am
not relying on any promise or representation by the Employer Group that is not expressly stated herein. This Release may only be modified
by a writing signed by both me and a duly authorized officer of the Employer Group.

A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed
this Release as of ______________.

SPRINGBIG, INC.

By 

Name: 

Title: 

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC.

By 

Name: 

Title: 

EXECUTIVE 

Signature: 

Print Name: Paul Sykes 

[Signature page to Release]

EXHIBIT B

Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and
Assignment of Inventions Agreement

NONSOLICITATION, NONDISCLOSURE
& ASSIGNMENT OF INVENTIONS AGREEMENT

The undersigned
Employee (the Employee), executes this Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure & Assignment of Inventions Agreement (the Agreement)
in consideration of, and a material inducement for, the Companys (as defined below) continuing relationship with Employee, whether
by employment, contractor, or in advisory or consulting capacities, or otherwise, and in consideration of receiving any form of compensation
or benefit from or in the Company, and the entering into of the Executive Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement).
Employee understands and agrees that this Agreement shall remain in effect and survive any and all changes in Employees job duties,
titles and compensation during Employees relationship with Company.

Definitions

i. Company shall mean SpringBig, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any entity controlled
by, controlling, or under common control with it, including affiliates and subsidiaries. Control for this purpose means
the direct or indirect possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through
ownership, by contract or otherwise.

ii. Competing Business shall mean any person, firm, association, corporation or any other
legal entity that is engaged in a business that is competitive with any aspect of the Business of the Company.

iii. Business of the Company shall mean the business of providing messaging, customer
loyalty management and/or customer experiences in the cannabis industry, including, without limitation, the research, design, development,
marketing, sales, operations, maintenance and commercial exploitation pertaining to the operation of, and providing products and services
for such business.

iv. Confidential Information shall mean all information or a compilation of information,
in any form (tangible or intangible or otherwise), that is not generally known to competitors or the public, which Company considers to
be confidential and/or proprietary, including but not limited to: research and development; techniques; methodologies; strategies; product
information, designs, prototypes and technical specifications; algorithms, source codes, object codes, trade secrets or technical data;
training materials methods; internal policies and procedures; marketing plans and strategies; pricing and cost policies; customer, supplier,
vendor and partner lists and accounts; customer and supplier preferences; contract terms and rates; financial data, information, reports,
and forecasts; inventions, improvements and other intellectual property; product plans or proposed product plans; know-how; designs, processes
or formulas; software and website applications; computer passwords; market or sales information, plans or strategies; business plans,
prospects and opportunities (including, but not limited to, possible acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or facilities); information
concerning existing or potential customers, partners or vendors. Confidential Information shall also mean information of or related to
Companys current or potential customers, vendors or partners that is considered to be confidential or proprietary to the applicable
customer, vendor or partner.

Confidential Information does not include:
information in the public domain (other than as a result of disclosure directly or indirectly by Employee); information approved in writing
for unrestricted release by Company; information that Employee discovered outside of the course and scope of his employment with Company;
or information produced or disclosed pursuant to a valid court order, provided Employee has given Company written notice of such request
such that Company has an actual, reasonable opportunity to defend, limit or protect such production or disclosure.

B-2

1. Duty
of Loyalty. During the period of Employees relationship with the Company, Employee will devote Employees best efforts
on behalf of the Company. Employee agrees not to provide any services to any Competing Business or engage in any conduct which may create
an actual or appear to create a conflict of interest, without the expressed, written permission of the Company.

2. Nonsolicitation
of Customers, Clients or Vendors. During the period of Employees relationship with the Company and for a period of twelve
(12) months after termination of such relationship (for any reason), Employee shall not directly or indirectly, induce or attempt to induce
any of the individuals or entities actually known to Employee to be the Companys customers, clients, vendors or partners, or prospective
customers, clients, vendors or partners, to reduce or cease doing business with the Company, Parent or their affiliates, or interfere
with the relationship between any such customer, client, vendor, partner or prospective customers and the Company, Parent or any of their
affiliate (including making any negative statements or communications concerning the Company, Parent or any of their affiliates).

3. Nonsolicitation
of Employees and Contractors. During the period of Employees relationship with the Company and for a period of twelve (12)
months after termination of such relationship (for any reason), Employee will not directly or indirectly either for him/herself or for
any other person, partnership, legal entity, or enterprise: (i) solicit, in person or through supervision or control of others, an employee,
advisor, consultant or contractor of the Company for the purpose of inducing or encouraging the employee, advisor, consultant or contractor
to leave his or her relationship with the Company or to change an existing business relationship with the Company or to change an existing
business relationship to the detriment of the Company, (ii) hire away an employee, advisor, consultant or contractor of the Company; or
(iii) help another person or entity hire away a Company employee, advisor, consultant or contractor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
placement of general advertisements offering employment, other service relationships or activities that are not specifically targeted
toward employees, advisors, consultants or contractors of the Company shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Section 3.

4. Nondisclosure
of Customer, Partner and Vendor Information. Employee understands and agrees that it is essential to the Companys success
that all nonpublic customer, partner, and vendor information is deemed and treated as Confidential Information and a confidential trade
secret. Employee will not, directly or indirectly, either for him/herself or for any other person, partnership, legal entity, or enterprise,
use or disclose any such customer, partner, or vendor information that constitutes Confidential Information or a confidential trade secret,
except as may be necessary in the normal conduct of the Companys business for the specific customer, partner, or vendor. Employee
agrees that at the end of Employees relationship with the Company, or upon request by the Company, Employee will return to the
Company any materials containing such Confidential Information or confidential trade secret.

5. Nondisclosure
of Confidential Information. All such Confidential Information is (and will be) the exclusive property of the Company, and Employee
shall not, during or after Employees employment: (i) use any Confidential Information for any purpose that is not authorized by
the Company; (ii) disclose any Confidential Information to any person or entity, except as authorized by the Company in connection with
Employees job duties; or (iii) remove or transfer Confidential Information from the Companys premises or systems except
as authorized by the Company.

Upon termination of Employees
relationship (for any reason), or upon the request of the Company, Employee will immediately surrender to the Company all Company property
in Employees possession, custody, or control, including any and all documents, electronic information, and materials of any nature
containing any Confidential Information, without retaining any copies. Employee understands that the Company is now and may hereafter
be subject to non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements with third persons that require the Company to protect or refrain from use
of Confidential Information. Employee agrees to respect and be bound by the terms of such agreements in the event Employee has access
to such Confidential Information.

B-3

Employee understands that Confidential
Information is never to be used or disclosed by Employee, as provided in this Section 5. If a temporal limitation on Employees
obligation not to use or disclose such information is required under applicable law, and the Agreement or its restriction(s) cannot otherwise
be enforced, Employee agrees and the Company agrees that the five (5) year period after the date Employees employment ends (or
such longer period as may be permitted under applicable law) will be the temporal limitation relevant to the contested restriction; provided,
however, that this sentence will not apply to trade secrets protected without temporal limitation under applicable law.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
to the contrary in this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and the Employee, nothing in this Agreement shall limit the
Employees right to discuss Employees employment or report possible violations of law or regulation with the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission, United States Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or other federal government agency or similar state or local agency or to discuss the terms and conditions of his employment with others
to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act or to the extent that such disclosure is protected
under the applicable provisions of law or regulation, including but not limited to whistleblower statutes or other similar
provisions that protect such disclosure. Employee agrees to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Companys Confidential
Information is not made public during any such disclosure. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b), the Employee shall not be held criminally
or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (1) is made in confidence to
a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting
or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding,
if such filing is made under seal.

6. Assignment
of Inventions. Employee expressly understands and agrees that any and all right or interest Employee obtains in any designs, trade
secrets, technical specifications and technical data, know-how and show-how, customer and vendor lists, marketing plans, pricing policies,
inventions, concepts, ideas, expressions, discoveries, improvements and patent or patent rights which are authored, conceived, devised,
developed, reduced to practice, or otherwise obtained by him during the term of his employment under the Employment Agreement or at any
time prior thereto which relate to or arise out of his employment with the Company and which relate to the business of the Company are
expressly regarded as works for hire or works invented or authored during the course and scope of employment or engagement,
whether as an adviser, consultant, officer, executive, director or other capacity (the Inventions). Employee hereby
assigns to the Company the sole and exclusive right to such Inventions. Any assignment of Inventions (and all intellectual property rights
with respect thereto) hereunder includes an assignment of all Moral Rights (which shall mean all paternity, integrity, disclosure,
withdrawal, special and any other similar rights recognized by the laws of any jurisdiction or country). To the extent such Moral Rights
cannot be assigned to the Company and to the extent the following is allowed by the laws in any country where Moral Rights exist, Employee
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the enforcement of such Moral Rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against
the Company or related to the Companys customers, with respect to such rights. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that neither
his successors-in-interest nor legal heirs retain any Moral Rights in any Inventions (and any intellectual property rights with respect
thereto).

Employee
agrees to disclose all Inventions fully and in writing to the Company promptly after development, conception, invention, creation or
discovery of the same, and at any time upon request. Employee will provide all assistance that the Company reasonably requests to
secure or enforce its rights throughout the world with respect to Inventions, including signing all necessary documents to
memorialize those rights and take any other action which the Company shall deem necessary to assign to and vest completely in the
Company, to perfect trademark, copyright and patent protection with respect to, or to otherwise protect the Companys trade
secrets and proprietary interest in such Inventions. The obligations of this Section shall continue beyond the termination of
Employees relationship with respect to such Inventions conceived of, reduced to practice, or developed by the Employee during
the term of this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay any and all copyright, trademark and patent fees and expenses or other costs
incurred by Employee for any assistance rendered to the Company pursuant to this Section.

B-4

In the event the Company is unable,
after reasonable effort, to secure Employees signature on any patent application, copyright or trademark registration or other
analogous protection relating to an Invention, the Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized
officer and agent as his agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on his behalf and stead to execute and file any such application or
applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters patent, copyright or other
analogous protection thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by the Employee.

In Attachment A to this Agreement,
Employee has listed all Inventions that relate to the business of the Company that Employee (alone or jointly with others) made, conceived,
or first reduced to practice by Employee prior to Employees execution of this Agreement, and in which Employee has any property
interest or claim of ownership. If no such Inventions are listed in said Attachment, Employee represents that Employee has no such Inventions.

To the extent Employee is a citizen
of and subject to law of a state which provides a limitation on invention assignments, then this Agreements assignment shall not
include inventions excluded under such law.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 6, this Section 6 shall not apply to inventions that the Employee develops entirely on
his own time without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information, except to the extent such
inventions (a) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the Companys business, or actual
or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company; or (b) result from any work performed by the Employee for the Company.

7. Absence
of Conflicting Agreements. Employee understands that the Company does not desire to acquire from Employee any trade secrets, know-how
or confidential business information that Employee may have acquired from others, and Employee agrees not to disclose any such information
to the Company or otherwise utilize any such information in connection with Employees performance of duties with the Company. Employee
represents that Employee is not bound by any agreement or any other existing or previous business relationship which purports to conflict
or impact the full performance of Employees duties and obligations to the Company.

8. Remedies
Upon Breach. Employee agrees that any action that violates this Agreement would cause the Company irreparable harm for which monetary
damages are inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of a breach, or threatened breach, the Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining
such breach or threatened breach, or requiring specific performance, in addition to any and all rights and remedies at law and equity.
The Company shall not be obligated to present additional evidence of irreparable harm or the insufficiency of monetary damages and, to
the extent permitted by law or under applicable court rule, does not need to post a bond or other surety. Nothing herein shall be construed
as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedy available to the Company for such breach or threatened breach.

9. Jurisdiction,
Venue and Choice of Law. The parties hereby mutually agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 15th Judicial Circuit Court of
the State of Florida or the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida for any dispute arising hereunder. Accordingly,
with respect to any such court action, Employee (a) submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consents to service of process
by regular mail to his last known address; and (c) waives any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise)
with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process. If either party hereto commences a legal action or other proceeding against
the other party concerning a dispute arising from or relating to this Agreement outside of Florida, such commencing party shall reimburse
such other party for its or his reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses if such other party prevails in staying, transferring,
dismissing or otherwise defending such action or proceeding based on the location of the action or proceeding, regardless of whether such
fees, costs and expenses are incurred in the forum where such commencing party commenced the action or in a Florida forum. This Agreement
shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of Florida, without regard to the doctrine of conflicts of law.

B-5

10. Employment
Relationship. Employee agrees and acknowledges that Employee is an employee at will and nothing in this Agreement
is intended to guarantee employment for any period of time. The parties enter this Agreement with the understanding that Employees
position, title, duties and responsibilities could change in a material way in the future and, in light of that understanding, the parties
intend that this Agreement shall follow Employee throughout the entire course of Employees employment with the Company (and thereafter),
and such subsequent material change shall not affect the enforceability or validity of this Agreement.

11.
Return of Property. Employee agrees that, within ten (10) days of the time of termination of Employees employment
(for any reason), Employee will return immediately to the Company, in good condition, all property of the Company. This return of property
includes, without limitation, a return of physical property (such as computer, phone or other mobile devices, credit card, promotional
materials, etc.) and intangible property (such as computer passwords).

12.
Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation. During and after the Employees relationship with the Company, Employee shall
cooperate fully with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or that may be brought in the
future against or on behalf of the Company by/against third parties that relate to events or occurrences that transpired while the Employee
was employed by the Company. Employees full cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited
to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness at mutually convenient times. During
and after the Employees employment, Employee also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation
or review of any federal, state, or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that
transpired while the Employee was employed by the Company, unless such claim is brought by Employee. As consideration for the Employees
services under this Section 12, the Company shall remit to Employee, as agreed between the parties in advance, (a) reasonable
expenses related to such cooperation, and (b) an hourly rate equal to Employees last base salary divided by 2,000.

13.
Communication to Future Employers. Employee agrees to communicate the contents of all post-relationship obligations in
this Agreement to any Competing Business that Employee intends to be employed by, associated with, or represent. Employee understands
and agrees that the Company may, in its discretion, also share any post-employment obligation set out in this Agreement with any future
employer or potential employer of Employee, or any entity which seeks to be associated with Employee for Employees services.

14.
Miscellaneous. Any waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed
as a waiver of any subsequent breach hereof. If a court determines that one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall
be invalid or unenforceable, such court shall construe, reform or otherwise revise such provision(s) so as to render it/them enforceable
to the maximum extent allowed by law, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement. The obligations of each party
hereto under this Agreement shall survive the termination of the Employees relationship with the Company regardless of the manner
of such termination to the extent expressly provided in, or logically would be expected under, this Agreement. All covenants and agreements
hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the successors of the Company. This Agreement amends, supplants and supersedes
any agreement previously executed between the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, other than the obligations of Executive
in favor of the Company with respect to any restrictive covenants, which shall continue in effect in addition to the terms hereof.

Employee recognizes and agrees that the
enforcement of this Agreement is necessary, among other things, to ensure the preservation, protection and continuity of Confidential
Information, trade secrets and goodwill of the Company. Employee agrees that, due to the proprietary nature of the Business of the Company
and relationships with others, the post-employment restrictions set forth above are reasonable as to duration and scope.

Employee is advised to consult with an
attorney before entering into this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

B-6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Employee and the
Company have executed this Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement as an instrument under seal as of this
8th day of November, 2021.

SpringBig Inc. Employee

/s/ Jeff Harris /s/ Paul Sykes

By: Jeff Harris Name: Paul Sykes

Title: CEO 

NONSOLICITATION, NONDISCLOSURE &
ASSIGNMENT OF INVENTIONS AGREEMENT

Attachment A

List of all inventions or improvements
(referred to in Section 6) made by Employee, alone or jointly with others, prior to the execution of the Nonsolicitation, Nondisclosure
& Assignment of Inventions Agreement.

Right, Title or Interest Date Acquired Identifying Number or Brief Description of Inventions or Improvements

(If none, please write
NONE.) 

NONE 

Name of Employee: Paul Sykes 

Paul Sykes 

Print 

/s/ Paul Sykes 

Sign 

11/8/21 

Date 

EXHIBIT C

Noncompetition Covenant

NONCOMPETITION COVENANT

(a) During the period of your relationship with Company, you, Paul Sykes (hereinafter you),
agree to not, anywhere within the Restricted Area (defined below), acting individually, or as an owner, shareholder, partner, employee,
contractor, agent or otherwise (other than on behalf of Company): provide services to a Competing Business (defined below). For a period
of twelve (12) months following termination of your relationship with Company (for any reason), you agree to not, anywhere within the
Restricted Area, acting individually, or as an owner, shareholder, partner, employee, contractor, agent or otherwise (other than on behalf
of Company): directly or indirectly, provide services to a Competing Business that relate to any aspect of the Business of the Company
(i.e., providing messaging and customer experiences in the cannabis industry) for which you performed services or received Confidential
Information at any time. The foregoing shall not be construed to preclude you from: (i) owning up to one percent (1%) of the outstanding
stock of a publicly held corporation that constitutes or is affiliated with a Competing Business; or (ii) becoming a passive shareholder,
partner, employee or member of a private equity, venture capital or other investment firm. The foregoing shall, however, be construed
to specifically prevent you from (x) acting individually, or as an owner, shareholder, partner, employee, contractor, agent or otherwise
(other than on behalf of Company) anywhere within the Restricted Area, during the period of your relationship with the Company and for
a period of twelve (12) months following termination of your relationship with Company (for any reason other than referenced below in
section (b)), and (y) providing services that relate to any aspect of the Business of the Company for any private equity, venture capital
or other investment firm that owns or controls a Competing Business; provided that you may work for a division, entity or subgroup
of any companies that engage in a Competing Business (a Separate BU) so long as such Separate BU does not engage
in any Competing Business and you do not provide any service, investment advice or consulting related service to any Competing Business.
To the extent that you act individually, or as an owner, shareholder, partner, employee, contractor, agent or otherwise and provide services
unrelated to the Business of the Company for any Separate BU or private equity, venture capital or other investment firm at any time during
such twelve (12) month period, you agree to institute an ethical screen that prevents your access to communications, information and participation
in all services related to the Business of the Company.

You and the Company agree that the
opportunity for post-employment benefits and compensation set forth in the Executive Employment Agreement dated November 8, 2021 (the
Employment Agreement) constitute mutually-agreed upon consideration for this Noncompetition Covenant, and is fair and reasonable
consideration for this Noncompetition Covenant, in addition to continued employment and other benefits received. Such consideration is
specifically designated and you acknowledge the receipt and sufficiency of the consideration.

i. Company shall mean any entity controlled
by, controlling, or under common control with SpringBig, Inc., a Delaware corporation, including affiliates and subsidiaries. Control
means the direct or indirect possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether
through ownership, by contract or otherwise.

C-2

ii. Restricted Area shall mean the entire
United States since the Business of the Company encompasses the entire United States, of which you acknowledge and agree.

iii. Competing Business shall mean any person,
firm, association, corporation or any other legal entity that is engaged in a business that is competitive with any aspect of the Business
of the Company.

iv. Business of the Company shall mean providing
messaging, customer loyalty management and/or and customer experiences in the cannabis industry, including, without limitation, the research,
design, development, marketing, sales, operations, maintenance and commercial exploitation pertaining to the operation of, and providing
products and services for such business.

v. Confidential Information shall mean
all information or a compilation of information, in any form (tangible or intangible or otherwise), that is not generally known to competitors
or the public, which Company considers to be confidential and/or proprietary, including but not limited to: research and development;
techniques; methodologies; strategies; product information, designs, prototypes and technical specifications; algorithms, source codes,
object codes, trade secrets or technical data; training materials methods; internal policies and procedures; marketing plans and strategies;
pricing and cost policies; customer, supplier, vendor and partner lists and accounts; customer and supplier preferences; contract terms
and rates; financial data, information, reports, and forecasts; inventions, improvements and other intellectual property; product plans
or proposed product plans; know-how; designs, processes or formulas; software and website applications; computer passwords; market or
sales information, plans or strategies; business plans, prospects and opportunities (including, but not limited to, possible acquisitions
or dispositions of businesses or facilities); information concerning existing or potential customers, partners or vendors. Confidential
Information shall also mean information of or related to Companys current or potential customers, vendors or partners that is
considered to be confidential or proprietary to the applicable customer, vendor or partner.

Confidential Information does not
include: information in the public domain (other than as a result of disclosure by you); approved in writing for unrestricted release
by Company; information that Employee discovered outside of the course and scope of his employment with Company; or produced or disclosed
pursuant to a valid court order, provided you have given Company written notice of such request such that Company has an actual,
reasonable opportunity to defend, limit or protect such production or disclosure.

(b) You agree to communicate the contents of all post-relationship obligations in this Noncompetition Covenant
to any Competing Business that you intend to be employed by, associated with, or represent. You understand and agree that the Company
may, in its discretion, also share any post-relationship obligation in this Noncompetition Covenant with any future (or potential) employer
or association that is a Competing Business that seeks to be associated with you or employ you for your services.

C-3

(c) You agree that the enforcement of the Noncompetition Covenant is necessary, among other things, to ensure
the preservation, protection and continuity of the Companys Confidential Information, trade secrets and goodwill of the Company.
You agree that, due to the proprietary nature of the Business of the Company and relationships with others, the post-employment restrictions
set forth above are reasonable as to duration and scope.

(d) You agree that any action that violates this Noncompetition Covenant would cause the Company irreparable
harm for which monetary damages are inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of a breach, or threatened breach, of this Noncompetition Covenant,
the Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach, or requiring specific performance, in addition
to any and all rights and remedies at law and equity. The Company shall not be obligated to present additional evidence of irreparable
harm or the insufficiency of monetary damages and, to the extent permitted by law or under applicable court rule, does not need to post
a bond or other surety. Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedy available to the Company
for such breach or threatened breach.

(e) You and the Company hereby mutually agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 15th Judicial Circuit Court
of the State of Florida or the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida for any dispute arising hereunder. Accordingly,
with respect to any such court action, you (a) submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consent to service of process by
regular mail to your last known address; and (c) waive any other requirement (whether
imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process. If either party hereto commences
a legal action or other proceeding against the other party hereto concerning a dispute arising from or relating to this Noncompetition
Covenant outside of Florida, such commencing party shall reimburse such other party for its or his reasonable attorneys fees, costs
and expenses if such other party prevails in staying, transferring, dismissing or otherwise defending such action or proceeding based
on the location of the action or proceeding, regardless of whether such fees, costs and expenses are incurred in the forum where such
commencing party commenced the action or in a Florida forum. This Noncompetition Covenant shall be governed by the internal substantive
laws of Florida, without regard to the doctrine of conflicts of law.

(f) The failure of you or Company to insist upon strict performance of this Noncompetition Covenant irrespective
of the length of time for which such failure continues, shall not be a waiver of such partys rights herein. No term or provision
of this Noncompetition Covenant may be waived unless such waiver is in writing.

(g) If a court determines that one or more of the provisions contained in this Noncompetition Covenant shall
be invalid or unenforceable, such court shall construe, reform or otherwise revise such provision(s) so as to render it/them enforceable
to the maximum extent allowed by law, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Noncompetition Covenant.

(h) Your obligations under this Noncompetition Covenant shall survive the termination of your relationship
with the Company regardless of the manner of such termination.

(i) The rights granted to the Company under the Noncompetition
Covenant shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the successors or assigns of Company.

(j) The parties agree that you are employed at will
and nothing in this Noncompetition Covenant is intended to guarantee employment for any period of time. Even though the nature of your
relationship with the Company is as an at will employee, the parties enter this Noncompetition Covenant with the understanding
that your position, title, duties and responsibilities could change in a material way in the future and, in light of that understanding,
the parties intend that this Noncompetition Covenant shall follow you throughout the entire course of your employment with the Company,
and such subsequent material change shall not affect the enforceability or validity of this Noncompetition Covenant.

C-4

SpringBig Inc. Employee

/s/ Jeff Harris /s/ Paul Sykes

By: Jeff Harris Name: Paul Sykes

Title: CEO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sbig-20240115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sbig-20240115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sbig-20240115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40049

Entity Registrant Name SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001801602

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-2789488

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 621 NW 53rd Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 500

Entity Address, City or Town Boca Raton

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33487

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 772-9172

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://springbig.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228216-8k_springbig.htm 
sbig-20240115.xsd 
sbig-20240115_lab.xml 
sbig-20240115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-005587-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0228216-8k_springbig_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001801602 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001801602 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-40049 
88-2789488 
621 NW 53rd Street 
Ste. 500 
Boca Raton 
FL 
33487 
800 
772-9172 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>