<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003622.txt : 20250410
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003622.hdr.sgml : 20250410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250410161525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003622
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250404
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250410

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trio Petroleum Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001898766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				871968201
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41643
		FILM NUMBER:		25828581

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 BUSINESS PARK, SUITE 115
		CITY:			BAKERSFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(44)7581-192-515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 BUSINESS PARK, SUITE 115
		CITY:			BAKERSFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93309
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000189876600018987662025-04-042025-04-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 4, 2025

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41643 87-1968201

(State
or other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

5401
Business Park South, Suite 115

Bakersfield,
CA93309

(661)324-3911

(Address
and telephone number, including area code, of registrants principal executive offices)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Asset
Purchase Transaction with Novacor Exploration Ltd.

As
of April 4, 2025, Trio Petroleum Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the
APA) with Trio Petroleum Canada, Corp., an Alberta, Canada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the
Buyer or Trio Canada), and Novacor Exploration Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the Canada Business
Corporations Act (the Seller), pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the APA, the Buyer agreed
to acquire certain assets of Seller relating to Sellers oil and gas business, including certain contracts, leases and permits
for working interests in petroleum and natural gas and mineral rights located in the Lloydminster, Saskatchewan heavy oil region in Canada
(collectively, the Assets), free and clear of any liens other than certain specified liabilities of Seller that are being
assumed (collectively, the Liabilities and such acquisition of the Assets and assumption of the Liabilities together, the
Transaction) for a total purchase price of (i) US$650,000, in cash, US$65,000 of which was previously provided to the Seller
by a deposit paid by the Buyer, and (ii) the issuance to the Seller of 526,536 restricted shares (the Shares)
of common stock, par value US$0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (the Purchase Price).

The
APA provides for the Transaction to be closed in two closings. The first closing of the Transaction was consummated on April 8, 2025
(the First Closing). At the First Closing, title to the TWP48 Assets (as such term is defined in the APA) was delivered
to the Buyer, and the Seller delivered to the Buyer (i) US$260,000, in cash, reflecting the US$325,000 payable for the TWP48 Assets,
less the US$65,000 deposit previously paid by the Buyer to the Seller and (ii) the Shares. The APA further provides for the second closing
of the Transaction (the Second Closing and collectively with the First Closing, the Closings) for the sale
of the TWP47 Assets (as such term is defined in the APA) to take place, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the applicable closing
conditions provided in the APA, including delivery of the applicable deliverables, on the later of (i) May 15, 2025 and (ii) three business
days following the date that the Seller has provided written notice to the Buyer that the right of first refusal with respect the TWP47
Assets as described in Schedule of the APA has expired on been waived.

Following
the Closings, (i) operating costs for the Assets shall, for a period of two (2) years, be held at the levels detailed in the auditors
report over the eighteen (18) month period prior to the Closings, prepared for the Buyer on the basis of the due diligence materials
provided by the Seller to the Buyer in connection with the Transaction, unless mutually agreed otherwise; (ii) after such two-year period,
operating costs shall remain competitive with other operators in the area; and (iii) the Buyer shall be entitled to terminate the Sellers
post-Closings actions at any time on 30 days prior written notice to the Seller.

After
the Closings, with respect to the Assets, the Seller shall act as the on-site operator of the Assets and perform all work and services
as provided in the APA.

The
APA contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnifications by the parties for a transaction involving the acquisition
of assets in oil and gas business. The APA contains certain termination rights for the Company, the Buyer and Seller, including
the right to terminate the APA if the Second Closing is not consummated by June 30, 2025; provided, however, that any such termination
would not have any effect on the consummation of the First Closing and the sale of the TWP48 Assets.

The
Company is obligated to register the Shares for resale in a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Commission), within 21 days after the First Closing.

The
foregoing summary of the APA is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the APA, a copy of which
is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The representations, warranties and covenants set forth in
the APA have been made only for purposes of the APA and solely for the benefit of the parties thereto, and may be subject to limitations
agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual
risk between the parties to the APA instead of establishing these matters as facts. In addition, information regarding the subject matter
of the representations and warranties made in the APA may change after the date of the APA. Accordingly, the APA is included with this
Current Report on Form 8-K only to provide investors with information regarding its terms and not to provide investors with any other
factual information regarding the Company, its subsidiary, the Assets or Liabilities, or the Companys or its subsidiary
respective businesses as of the date of the APA or as of any other date.

Loan
and Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note 

As
of April 4, 2025, the Company entered into a Loan and Note Purchase Agreement (the Loan Agreement) with Trio Canada, made
a loan (the Loan) to Trio Canada, in the amount of US$1,131,000 (the Loan Amount), and issued a three-year
promissory note to Trio Canada, with a maturity date of April 4, 2028, in the principal amount of US$1,131,000 (the Note)
evidencing the Loan Amount. The outstanding principal amount of the Note accrues interest at a rate of 12% per annum.

Under
the terms of the Loan Agreement, US$585,000 of the Loan Amount is required to be used to pay the remaining cash amount payable
to Seller at the Closings, in connection with the Transaction, and the remainder of the Loan Amount is to be used for ongoing operating
costs of Trio Canada.

The
Loan Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants for a promissory note of its type. The Note also contains
customary provisions relating to an Event of Default, including the Companys right to accelerate the payment of
all amounts due and payable under the Note at the time of an Event of Default. Additionally, if any amount owing under the Note is not
paid when due and payable, interest shall accrue at a rate of 15% per annum, until the applicable payment is made. In addition, at
Trio Canadas election, Trio Canada may prepay all or any part of the outstanding principal amount plus accrued interest at any
time, without penalty or premium of any kind, provided that the Trio Canada shall give the Company a 5-day written notice of the Trio
Canadas election to so prepay any amount.

The
foregoing summary of the Loan Agreement and the Note are not complete and each is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the Loan Agreement and the Note, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.2 and 4.1, respectively, and are incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The
disclosure set forth above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained above under Item 1.01, to the extent applicable, is hereby incorporated by reference herein. Based in part upon
the representations of the Seller in the APA, the issuance and sale of Common Stock pursuant to the APA to the Seller as part of the
Purchase Price in the Transaction was made in a private placement transaction exempt for registration in reliance on the exemption afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and corresponding provisions of state
securities or blue sky laws.

None
of the securities have been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United
States absent registration with the Commission or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. Neither this Current Report
on Form 8-K nor any exhibit attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares of Common Stock or other
securities of the Company.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD

On
April 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the signing of the APA. A copy of such release is furnished hereto
as Exhibit 99.1.

Item
8.01 Other Events

On
March 28, 2025, the Company formed Trio Canada, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, in Alberta, Canada. Robin Ross and Greg Overholtzer
have served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Trio Canada since March 28, 2025.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Promissory
Note, issued by Trio Petroleum Canada, Corp. to Trio Petroleum Corp., dated as of April 4, 2025.

10.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2025, by and among, Trio Petroleum Corp., Trio Petroleum Canada, Corp., and Novacor Exploration Ltd.

10.2 Loan and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2025, by and between Trio Petroleum Corp. and Trio Petroleum Canada, Corp.

99.1 Press
release, dated April 10, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL document).

Schedules
and similar attachments to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Registration S-K. The registrant hereby agrees
to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the Commission upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

Date:
April 10, 2025 By: /s/
Robin Ross

Name: Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THE
ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A)
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH
COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS
SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT.

Principal
Amount: $1,131,000 Issue
Date: 4 April 2025

TRIO
PETROLEUM CANADA, CORP.

PROMISSORY NOTE

Holder:
Trio PetroleumCorp.

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Promissory Note (this Note), Trio Petroleum Canada, Corp.,
an Alberta, Canada corporation (the Borrower), hereby promises to pay to the order of the holder named above, or registered
assigns (the Holder), on the Maturity Date (as defined below) or earlier as may be required herein, the principal amount
as set forth above (the Principal Amount), and to pay interest on the outstanding Principal Amount at the rate of twelve
percent (12%) per annum, simple interest, in each case to the extent that this Note and the Principal Amount and any accrued interest
hereunder (the Indebtedness) has not been earlier repaid, and subject to the limitations herein. Interest shall commence
accruing on the date hereof (the Issue Date), computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed,
and shall be payable as set forth herein. The Holder and the Borrower may be referred to herein individually as a Party
and collectively as the Parties.

This
Note is entered into pursuant to a Loan and Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Borrower and the Holder dated as of the Issue
Date (the Agreement) and is subject to the terms and conditions thereof. This Note will rank senior in right of payment
to the Borrowers capital stock. This Note is not a certificate of deposit or similar obligation of, and is not guaranteed or insured
by, any depository institution, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Securities Investor Protection Corporation or any other
governmental or private fund or entity.

The
following terms shall apply to this Note:

Section
1.Definitions. Defined terms used herein without definition have the meanings given them in the Agreement.

Section
2.Interest; Payment and Prepayment.

(a)
Interest on this Note shall accrue on a simple interest, non-compounded basis, and shall be added to the outstanding Principal Amount
on the Maturity Date or such earlier date as the Indebtedness may be payable or paid hereunder or may be due hereunder pursuant to the
terms herein.

(b)
To the extent not earlier paid, all Indebtedness shall be due and payable on the third annual anniversary of the Issue Date as set forth
above (the Maturity Date) or earlier in the event of an Event of Default (as defined below) pursuant to Section 3.

(c)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrower may, at its sole option, elect to prepay all or any part of the Indebtedness
at any time, without penalty or premium of any kind, provided that the Borrower shall give the Holder at least 5 days prior written
notice of the Borrowers election to so prepay any amount.

(d)
In the event that any amount due hereunder is not paid as and when due, such amounts shall accrue interest at the rate of 15% per year,
simple interest, non-compounding, until paid.

Section
3.Default.

(a)
Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Agreement to the contrary, it shall be an event of default hereunder
(an Event of Default) if, at any time prior to full repayment of all the Indebtedness:

(i) Any of the representations or warranties of the Borrower as set forth in the Agreement or herein fail
to be true and correct at any time; or the Borrower breaches or fails to comply with any of the terms, conditions, covenants or agreements
of or applicable to the Borrower as set forth in the Agreement or herein; and in each case which failure has not been cured by the Borrower
within five days of written notice thereof from the Holder to the Borrower;

(ii) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries shall: (1) apply for or consent to the appointment
of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property
or assets; (2) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (3) commence a voluntary case under the United States Bankruptcy
Code (as now or hereafter in effect) or under the comparable laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic); (4) file a petition seeking
to take advantage of any bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or other similar law affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally; (5) acquiesce in writing to any petition
filed against it in an involuntary case under United States Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect) or under the comparable laws
of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic); (6) issue a notice of bankruptcy or winding down of its operations or issue a press release
regarding same; or (7) take any action under the laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic) analogous to any of the foregoing; or

(iii) a proceeding or case shall be commenced in respect of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries,
without its application or consent, in any court of competent jurisdiction, seeking: (1) the liquidation, reorganization, moratorium,
dissolution, winding up, or composition or readjustment of its debts; (2) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator
or the like of it or of all or any substantial part of its assets in connection with the liquidation or dissolution of the Borrower or
any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries; or (3) similar relief in respect of it under any law providing for the relief of debtors, and such
proceeding or case described in clause (1), (2) or (3) shall continue undismissed, or unstayed
and in effect, for a period of forty-five (45) days or any order for relief shall be entered in an involuntary case under United States
Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect) or under the comparable laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic) against the Borrower
or any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries or action under the laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic) analogous to any of the foregoing
shall be taken with respect to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries and shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in
effect for a period of forty-five (45) days

(b) Remedies
Upon an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Holder may at any time at its
option (1) declare the Indebtedness due and payable, and thereupon, the same shall be accelerated and so due and payable, without presentment,
demand, protest or notice, all of which are hereby expressly unconditionally and irrevocably waived by the Borrower and (2) exercise
all other rights and remedies available to it under the Transaction Documents; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default described in Section 3(a)(ii) or Section 3(a)(iii), the Indebtedness shall become immediately due and payable without presentment,
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.

Section
4. Transfers to Comply with the Agreement.
This Note may not be sold or transferred other than in compliance with the Agreement and all applicable securities laws.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
Any notice or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given in accordance with the terms
of the Agreement.

(b) Absolute
Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Borrower,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay principal and damages, as applicable, on this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the
coin or currency, herein prescribed. No remedy conferred hereby shall be exclusive of any other remedy referred to herein or now or hereafter
available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise. No course of delay on the part of the Holder shall operate as a waiver thereof
or otherwise prejudice the rights of the Holder.

(c) Lost or
Mutilated Note. If this Note shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Borrower shall execute and deliver, in exchange and
substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Note, a
new Note so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of this Note,
and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower.

(d) Governing Law; etc.

(i) This Note, and all matters based upon, arising out of or relating in any way to this Note or the transactions
contemplated herein, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims and contract claims, shall be interpreted, construed,
governed and enforced under and in accordance with the substantive and procedural Laws of the State of Delaware in each case as in effect
from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied to agreements performed wholly within the State of
Delaware.

(II) VENUE FOR ALL MATTERS RELATED HERETO OR ARISING PURSUANT TO THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS SHALL BE IN THE
UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE KERN COUNTY, CALIFORNIA (THE SELECTED
COURTS). EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS AND AGREES THAT ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING UNDER OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN THE SELECTED COURTS. BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH
PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO AND ACCEPTS, WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION
OF THE AFORESAID COURT, AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO OBJECT TO SUCH JURISDICTION.

(iii) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREIN, THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE FINANCINGS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY
HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER
PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO
HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 5(D)(III).
EACH OF THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT EACH HAS BEEN REPRESENTED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SIGNING OF THE WAIVER ABOVE BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL
COUNSEL SELECTED BY THE RESPECTIVE PARTY AND THAT SUCH PARTY HAS DISCUSSED THE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES AND IMPORT OF THIS WAIVER WITH LEGAL
COUNSEL. EACH OF THE PARTIES FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT EACH HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THE MEANING
OF SUCH WAIVER AND GRANTS THIS WAIVER KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, WITHOUT DURESS AND ONLY AFTER CONSIDERATION OF THE CONSEQUENCES OF THIS
WAIVER WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

(e) Waiver.
Any waiver by the Borrower or Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of
any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure
of the Borrower or Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a
waiver or deprive that Party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note on any
other occasion. Any waiver by the Borrower or Holder must be in writing.

(f) Severability.
If any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision
is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall
be found that any amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due
hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

(g) Next
Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall
be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(h) Entire
Agreement. This Note (including any recitals hereto) and the Agreement set forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof, and shall not be modified or affected by any offer, proposal, statement or representation, oral or written,
made by or for any party in connection with the negotiation of the terms hereof, and may be modified only by instruments signed by both
Parties.

(i) Assignment.
This Note shall be subject to the limitations and other provisions on assignment as set forth in the Agreement. This Note shall be binding
upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

(j) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof.

(k) Currency. All dollar amounts are in U.S. dollars.

(l) Counterparts.
This Note may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be
but a single instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying
with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be
deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed
this Note as of the Issue Date.

Trio Petroleum Canada, Corp.

By: /s/
Robin Ross

Name: Robin Ross

Title: Chief Executive
Officer 

Agreed and accepted: 

Trio Petroleum Corp. 

By: /s/
Robin Ross 

Name: Robin Ross 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EXECUTION
VERSION

Asset
Purchase Agreement

BY
AND AMONG

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

Trio
Petroleum Canada, Corp.

AND

Novacor
Exploration Ltd.

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

PAGE

ARTICLE
I. Definitions
and Interpretation 1

Section
1.01 Definitions 1

Section
1.02 Interpretive
Provisions 6

ARTICLE
II. Purchase
and Sale 7

Section
2.01 Assets. 7

Section
2.02 Purchase
Price. 7

Section
2.03 Closing 7

Section
2.04 Seller
Deliverables at the Closings. 8

Section
2.05 Buyer
and Parent Deliverables at the Closings 9

Section
2.06 Additional
Documents 10

Section
2.07 No
Assumption of Liabilities 10

Section
2.08 Potentially
Adverse Caveats. 10

Section
2.09 Post-Closing
Operatorship. 11

Section
2.10 Conveyance
Taxes 11

ARTICLE
III. Conditions
to the Closings 11

Section
3.01 Conditions
to the Obligations of Each of the Parties 11

Section
3.02 Conditions
to the Obligations of the Buyer and Parent 12

Section
3.03 Condition
to the Obligations of the Seller 12

ARTICLE
IV. Registration 13

Section
4.01 Registration
Generally 13

Section
4.02 New
Registration Statement 13

Section
4.03 Related
Obligations 13

Section
4.04 Obligations
of the Seller 18

ARTICLE
V. Contract
Operations Post-Closing 18

Section
5.01 Contract
Operations Post-Closing. 18

Section
5.02 Responsibilities
Following the Closing. 18

Section
5.03 Qualifications
of the Seller. 19

Section
5.04 The
Buyers Responsibilities 19

Section
5.05 Right
of Access. 20

Section
5.06 Suspension
Provisions 20

Section
5.07 Invoice
and Payment 20

Section
5.08 Emergencies. 20

Section
5.09 The
Seller as an Independent Contractor 20

Section
5.10 Audit
Provision. 21

Section
5.11 Insurance 21

ARTICLE
VI. Representations
and Warranties of the Seller 21

Section
6.01 Existence
and Power 21

Section
6.02 Due
Authorization. 22

Section
6.03 Valid
Obligation 22

Section
6.04 Governmental
Authorization. 22

Section
6.05 Approval
of Agreement 22

Section
6.06 Litigation
and Proceedings 22

Section
6.07 Compliance
With Laws and Regulations 22

Section
6.08 Regulatory
Permits 22

Section
6.09 Title
to and Ownership of Assets. 23

Section
6.10 Condition
and Sufficiency of Assets 24

Section
6.11 Absence
of Certain Changes, Events and Conditions 24

Section
6.12 Compliance
with Laws 25

Section
6.13 Assigned
Contracts 25

Section
6.14 Real
Property. 26

Section
6.15 Legal
Proceedings; Governmental Orders. 26

Section
6.16 Compliance
With Laws; Permits 27

Section
6.17 Environmental
Matters 27

Section
6.18 Taxes. 28

Section
6.19 Tax
Returns and Payments; Tax Liens 29

Section
6.20 Insurance
Policies 29

Section
6.21 Restrictions
on Business Activities. 29

Section
6.22 Privacy
and Data Protection. 29

Section
6.23 Approval
of Agreement 30

Section
6.24 Investment
Representations 30

Section
6.25 Brokers 32

ARTICLE
VII. Representations
and Warranties of the Buyer and Parent 32

Section
7.01 Existence
and Power 32

Section
7.02 Due
Authorization. 32

Section
7.03 Valid
Obligation 32

Section
7.04 Governmental
Authorization. 32

Section
7.05 Approval
of Agreement 32

Section
7.06 The
Shares. 32

Section
7.07 Brokers 33

Section
7.08 Compliance
With Laws and Regulations 33

Section
7.09 Litigation
and Proceedings 33

Section
7.10 Governmental
Authorization. 33

Section
7.11 Legal
Proceedings; Governmental Orders. 33

Section
7.12 Taxes. 33

Section
7.13 Tax
Returns and Payments; Tax Liens 34

ARTICLE
VIII. Termination;
Survival 34

Section
8.01 Termination 34

Section
8.02 Specific
Enforcement 35

Section
8.03 Each
Closing 35

Section
8.04 Survival
After Termination 35

ARTICLE
IX. Indemnification 36

Section
9.01 Indemnification
of Parent and Buyer 36

Section
9.02 Indemnification
of Seller 36

Section
9.03 Indemnification
Procedures. 37

Section
9.04 Procedure 37

Section
9.05 Payments. 38

Section
9.06 Insurance 39

Section
9.07 Time
Limit. 39

Section
9.08 Limitations 39

ARTICLE
X. Miscellaneous 39

Section
10.01 Governing
Law; Jurisdiction. 39

Section
10.02 Waiver
of Jury Trial. 40

Section
10.03 Notices 40

Section
10.04 Attorneys
Fees 41

Section
10.05 Public
Announcements and Filings 41

Section
10.06 Third
Party Beneficiaries 41

Section
10.07 Expenses 41

Section
10.08 Entire
Agreement 41

Section
10.09 Survival 41

Section
10.10 Amendment;
Waiver; Remedies 41

Section
10.11 Limitation
on Damages. 42

Section
10.12 Arms
Length Bargaining; No Presumption Against Drafter. 42

Section
10.13 Headings 42

Section
10.14 Assignment
or Delegation 42

Section
10.15 Further
Assurances. 42

Section
10.16 Specific
Performance. 42

Section
10.17 Counterparts 42

Schedules 

Schedule
A TWP47
Assets

Schedule
B TWP48
Assets

Schedule
C General
Conveyance

Schedule
D Specific
Responsibilities of the Seller

Schedule
E Contract
Operating Fees

Schedule
F Insurance

Asset
Purchase Agreement

Dated
as of 4 April 2025

This
Asset Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of the date first set forth above (the Effective Date)
by and between (i) Trio Petroleum Corp., a Delaware corporation (Parent); (ii) Trio Petroleum Canada, Corp., an Alberta,
Canada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent (the Buyer); and (iii) Novacor Exploration Ltd., a corporation
incorporated under the Province of Saskatchewan (Seller). Each of the Parent, Buyer and Seller may be referred to herein
collectively as the Parties and separately as a Party.

WHEREAS,
Seller desires to sell to Buyer, and Buyer desires to purchase from Seller, the Assets (as defined below) in return for the payment of
certain cash consideration and the issuance to the Seller of certain shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Parent
(the Common Stock), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;

NOW
THEREFORE, on the stated premises and for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and the mutual
benefits to the Parties to be derived herefrom, and intending to be legally bound hereby, it is hereby agreed as follows:

ARTICLE
I. Definitions and Interpretation

Section
1.01 Definitions. In addition to the other terms defined herein, the following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings

(a) Action
means any legal action, suit, claim, investigation, hearing or proceeding, including any audit, claim or assessment for taxes or
otherwise.

(b) Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with
such Person.

(c) Assigned
Contracts means the TWP47 Contracts and the TWP48 Contracts, collectively.

(d) Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in Delaware are authorized or
required by law or executive order to close.

(e) Buyer
Organizational Documents means the Articles of Incorporation, bylaws and other organizational documents of Buyer as Buyer
is required to have under any applicable Law.

(f) Capital
Quit Claim means a quit claim, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, acting reasonably, wherein Capital Land Services
Ltd. quit claims to the Seller the five percent (5%) carried working interest in respect of the TWP48 Assets held pursuant to that
certain Farmout Agreement dated February 27, 2023 between the Seller and Capital Land Services Ltd.

(g) Closing
Date means either or both of the TWP48 Closing Date and/or the TWP47 Closing Date, as applicable.

1

(h) Contracts
means all contracts, leases, deeds, mortgages, licenses, instruments, notes, commitments, undertakings, indentures, joint ventures
and all other agreements, commitments and legally binding arrangements, whether written or oral.

(i) Control
of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.

(j) Encumbrance
means any charge, claim, community property interest, pledge, condition, equitable interest, lien (statutory or other), option, security
interest, mortgage, easement, encroachment, right of way, right of first refusal, or restriction of any kind, including any restriction
on use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership.

(k) Enforceability
Exceptions means (a) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other similar
Laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and (b) general principles of equity.

(l) Environmental
Claim means any Action, Governmental Order, lien, fine, penalty, or, as to each, any settlement or judgment arising therefrom,
by or from any Person alleging liability of whatever kind or nature (including liability or responsibility for the costs of enforcement
proceedings, investigations, cleanup, governmental response, removal or remediation, natural resources damages, property damages,
personal injuries, medical monitoring, penalties, contribution, indemnification and injunctive relief) arising out of, based on or
resulting from: (a) the presence, Release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials; or (b) any actual or alleged non-compliance
with any Environmental Law or term or condition of any Environmental Permit.

(m) Environmental
Law means any applicable Law, and any Order or binding agreement with any Governmental Authority: (a) relating to pollution
(or the cleanup thereof) or the protection of natural resources, endangered or threatened species, human health or safety, or the
environment (including ambient air, soil, surface water or groundwater, or subsurface strata); or (b) concerning the presence of,
exposure to, or the management, manufacture, use, containment, storage, recycling, reclamation, reuse, treatment, generation, discharge,
transportation, processing, production, disposal or remediation of any Hazardous Materials. The term Environmental Law
includes, without limitation, the following (including their implementing regulations and any state analogs): the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C.
9601 et seq.; the Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended
by the Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act
of 1972, as amended by the Clean Water Act of 1977, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976,
as amended, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. 
11001 et seq.; the Clean Air Act of 1966, as amended by the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.;
the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 651 et seq.; Canadian Environmental Protection
Act, 1999, S.C. 1999, c. 33; Fisheries Act, R.S.C. 1985, c. F-14; Canadian Navigable Waters Act, R.S.C. 1985, c.
N-22; Impact Assessment Act, S.C. 2019, c. 28, s. 1; Species at Risk Act, S.C. 2002, c. 29; Greenhouse Gas Pollution
Pricing Act, S.C. 2018, c. 12, s. 186; Canadian Net-Zero Emissions Accountability Act, S.C. 2021, c. 22; Migratory
Birds Convention Act, 1994, S.C. 1994, c. 22; The Environmental Management and Protection Act, 2010, S.S. 2010, c. E-10.22;
The Oil and Gas Conservation Act, R.S.S. 1978, c. O-2; The Mineral Resources Act, 1985, S.S. 1985- 86, c. M-16.1; The
Water Security Agency Act, S.S. 2005, c. W-8.1; The Hazardous Substances and Waste Dangerous Goods Regulations, R.R.S.,
c. E-10.22, Reg. 3; The Public Lands Act, 2023, S.S. 2023, c. P-50.2; The Spill Reporting Regulations, R.R.S., c. E-10.22,
Reg. 1; The Management and Reduction of Greenhouse Gases Act, S.S. 2010, c. M-2.01; The Oil and Gas Emissions Management
Regulations, 2019, R.R.S., c. O-2, Reg. 10; The Wildlife Habitat Protection Act, S.S. 1983, c. W-13.2; The Crown Minerals
Act, S.S. 1984-85-86, c. C-50.2; The Pipelines Act, S.S. 1998, c. P-12.1; The Forest Resources Management Act,
S.S. 1996, c. F-19.1; and The Environmental Assessment Act, S.S. 1979- 80, c. E-10.1.

2

(n) Environmental Notice
means any written directive, notice of violation or infraction, or notice respecting any Environmental Claim relating to actual or
alleged non-compliance with any Environmental Law or any term or condition of any Environmental Permit.

(o) Environmental Permit
means any Permit, letter, clearance, consent, waiver, closure, exemption, decision or other action required under or issued, granted,
given, authorized by or made pursuant to Environmental Law.

(p) Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(q) Governmental Authority
means any government, any governmental, quasi- governmental or regulatory entity or body, department, commission, board, agency or
instrumentality, and any arbitrator, court, tribunal or judicial body of competent jurisdiction, any stock exchange or similar self-regulatory
organization, or body exercising, or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory
or taxing authority or power of any nature, in each case whether federal, state, county, provincial, and whether United States or Canadian,
or other local or foreign jurisdiction.

(r) Governmental Order
means any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by or with any Governmental Authority.

(s) Hazardous Materials
means: (a) any material, substance, chemical, waste, product, derivative, compound, mixture, solid, liquid, mineral or gas, in each
case, whether naturally occurring or manmade, that is hazardous, acutely hazardous, toxic, or words of similar import or regulatory
effect under Environmental Laws; and (b) any petroleum or petroleum-derived products, radon, radioactive materials or wastes, asbestos
in any form, lead or lead-containing materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation and polychlorinated biphenyls.

(t) Knowledge of Buyer
means the knowledge, after and assuming due inquiry, of the directors and officers of Buyer.

(u) Knowledge of Seller
means the knowledge, after and assuming due inquiry, of the directors and officers of Seller, and provided that the Seller shall be
charged with such knowledge that an owner of the Assets would reasonably be expected to obtain in the customary ownership and operation
of the Assets.

3

(v) Law means any
United States or Canadian domestic or foreign, federal, state, municipality or local law, statute, ordinance, code, rule, or regulation.

(w) Liabilities
means liabilities, obligations or commitments of any nature whatsoever, asserted or unasserted, known or unknown, absolute or contingent,
accrued or unaccrued, matured or unmatured or otherwise.

(x) Lien means
any mortgage, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, charge, pledge, equitable interest, option, mortgage, right of first refusal,
security interest or encumbrance or restriction of any kind in respect of such asset, and any conditional sale or voting agreement
or proxy, including any agreement to give any of the foregoing.

(y) Material Adverse Effect
means any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change that is, or could reasonably be expected to become, individually or in the aggregate,
materially adverse to (a) the Assets; (b) the business, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) of the Seller, or
(c) the ability of the Seller to consummate the Transactions on a timely basis; provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect
shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition, or change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (i)
any changes, conditions or effects in the United States or Canadian economies or securities or financial markets in general; (ii) changes,
conditions or effects that generally affect the industries in which the Seller operates or in which the Assets are located; (iii) any
change, effect or circumstance resulting from an action required or permitted by this Agreement; or (iv) conditions caused by acts
of terrorism or war (whether or not declared); provided further, however, that any event, occurrence, fact, condition, or change referred
to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iv) immediately above shall be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect on a
the Seller or the Assets has occurred to the extent that such event, occurrence, fact, condition, or change has a disproportionate
effect on the Seller or the Assets compared to other participants in the industries in which the Seller conducts its business.

(z) Order means
any decree, order, judgment, writ, award, injunction, rule, injunction, stay, decree, judgment or restraining order or consent of or
by a Governmental Authority.

(aa) Parent Organizational
Documents means the Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws and other organizational documents of Parent as Parent is required
to have under any applicable Law.

(bb) Permits means
all permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, authorizations, registrations, certificates, variances and similar rights obtained, or
required to be obtained, from Governmental Authorities.

(cc) Permitted Encumbrances
means (i) liens for Taxes not yet due and payable; (ii) mechanics, carriers, workmens, repairmens or other
like liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or amounts that are not delinquent
and which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to the Assets; (iii) easements, rights of way, zoning ordinances and
other similar encumbrances affecting real property which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to the Assets, which do
not prohibit or interfere with the current operation of any real property and which do not render title to any real property unmarketable;
(iv) liens arising under original purchase price conditional sales contracts and equipment leases with third parties entered into in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to the Assets;
and (v) the encumbrances as set forth on Schedule A and Schedule B.

4

(dd) Person means
an individual, corporation, partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership or limited liability partnership), limited
liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a government, domestic or foreign, or political subdivision
thereof, or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

(ee) Pre-Closing Tax Period
means any taxable period ending on or before the applicable Closing Date with respect to the applicable Assets being acquired at such
Closing Date and, with respect to any taxable period beginning before and ending after the applicable Closing Date with respect to
the applicable Assets being acquired at such Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period ending on and including such Closing
Date.

(ff) Register, Registered,
and Registration refer to the Registration effected by preparing and filing one (1) or more Registration Statements in
compliance with the Securities Act and pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities
on a continuous basis (Rule 415), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such Registration Statement(s)
by the SEC.

(gg) Registrable Securities
means (i) the shares of Common Stock issued to Seller pursuant to this Agreement, and (ii) any shares of capital stock issued or issuable
with respect to such shares of Common Stock, if any, as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or
similar event or otherwise, which have not been sold under circumstances meeting all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 (or any
similar provision then in force) under the Securities Act.

(hh) Registration Statement
means a registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act to register the Registrable Securities for resale, as further set forth
in Article IV.

(ii) Release means
any actual or threatened release, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching,
dumping, abandonment, disposing or allowing to escape or migrate into or through the environment (including, without limitation, ambient
air (indoor or outdoor), surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata or within any building, structure, facility
or fixture).

(jj) Representative
means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, officers, employees, consultants, financial advisors, counsel, accountants
and other agents of such Person.

(kk) SEC means the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(ll) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

5

(mm) Seller
Organizational Documents means the articles of incorporation, bylaws, and other organizational documents of Seller as Seller
is required or permitted to have under any applicable Law.

(nn) Tax Return
means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, information return or statement or other document relating to Taxes, including
any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.

(oo) Taxes means
all United States and Canadian federal, state, local, foreign and other income, gross receipts, sales, use, production, ad valorem,
transfer, documentary, franchise, registration, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment,
estimated, excise, severance, environmental, stamp, occupation, premium, property (real or personal), real property gains, windfall
profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions
or penalties with respect thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties.

(pp) Termination Date
means June 30, 2025.

(qq) Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Capital Quit Claim, the General Conveyance and any other document, certificate or agreement to be delivered
hereunder or in connection with the Transactions.

(rr) Transactions
means the purchase and sale of the Assets and the other transactions as contemplated herein or in the other Transaction Documents.

Section
1.02 Interpretive Provisions. Unless the express context otherwise requires: (i) the words hereof, herein,
and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not
to any particular provision of this Agreement; (ii) terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural,
and vice versa; (iii) the terms Dollars and $ mean United States Dollars, unless otherwise specified herein;
(iv) references herein to a specific Section or Exhibit shall refer, respectively, to Sections or Exhibits of this Agreement; (v) wherever
the word include, includes, or including is used in this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be
followed by the words without limitation; (vi) references herein to any gender shall include each other gender; (vii) references
herein to any Person shall include such Persons heirs, executors, personal Representatives, administrators, successors and assigns;
provided, however, that nothing contained herein is intended to authorize any assignment or transfer not otherwise permitted by this
Agreement; (viii) references herein to a Person in a particular capacity or capacities shall exclude such Person in any other capacity;
(ix) references herein to any contract or agreement (including this Agreement) mean such contract or agreement as amended, supplemented
or modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof; (x) with respect to the determination of any period of time, the
word from means from and including and the words to and until each means to
but excluding; (xi) references herein to any Law or any license mean such Law or license as amended, modified, codified, reenacted,
supplemented or superseded in whole or in part, and in effect from time to time; and (xii) references herein to any Law shall be deemed
also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

6

ARTICLE
II. Purchase and Sale

Section
2.01 Assets.On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, on the applicable Closing Date, the Seller,
who holds beneficial ownership of the Assets, shall sell, assign, transfer and deliver to the Buyer, free and clear of all Liens and
Encumbrances, other than the Permitted Encumbrances, all of the Assets. The Assets shall be comprised of:

(a) The Contracts as set forth
in Schedule A (the TWP47 Contracts) and the other Permits and assets as set forth on Schedule A (collectively, the TWP47
Assets); and

(b) The Contracts as set forth
in Schedule B (the TWP48 Contracts) and the other Permits and assets as set forth on Schedule B (collectively, the TWP48
Assets).

Section
2.02 Purchase Price.

(a) The purchase price for the
Assets shall be as follows:

(i) With
respect to the TWP48 Assets: (1) The sum of USD$260,000 (the TWP48 Closing Cash);
and (2) the issuance by the Parent to the Seller of 526,536 shares of Common Stock (the Shares).

(ii) With
respect to the TWP47 Assets, the sum of USD$325,000 (the TWP47 Closing Cash).

(b) Notwithstanding the
provisions of clause (1) of Section 2.02(a)(i), the Parties acknowledge and agree that, on or about December 24, 2024, the Parent tendered
the sum of $65,000 to the Seller as a deposit hereunder (the Deposit), and therefore the TWP48 Closing Cash payment as
set forth in Section 2.02(a)(i) shall be reduced by the amount of the Deposit.

Section
2.03 Closing. The closing of the Transactions shall occur at two closings (each, a Closing and collectively the
Closings), which shall occur as follows:

(a) The Closing with respect
to the TWP48 Assets shall on, subject to the satisfaction or waiver (by the Party for whose benefit the conditions to exist) of the
conditions to closing set forth in Section 3.01, Section 3.02 and Section 3.03, on the later to occur of:

(i) April
1, 2025; and

(ii) three
(3) Business Days following the date that Seller has provided written notice to the Buyer
that the right of first refusal in respect of the TWP48 Assets as described on Schedule A
has expired or been waived.

(b) The Closing with respect
to the TWP47 Assets shall on, subject to the satisfaction or waiver (by the Party for whose benefit the conditions to exist) of the
conditions to closing set forth in Section 3.01, Section 3.02 and Section 3.03, on the later to occur of:

(i) May
15, 2025; and

(ii) three
(3) Business Days following the date that Seller has provided written notice to the Buyer
that the right of first refusal in respect of the TWP47 Assets as described on Schedule A
has expired or been waived.

(c) The date of the Closing with
respect to the TWP48 Assets is referred to as the TWP48 Closing Date. The date of the Closing with respect to the TWP47
Assets is referred to as the TWP47 Closing Date.

7

Section
2.04 Seller Deliverables at the Closings.

(a) At the TWP48
Closing, the Seller shall deliver to the Buyer the following:

(i) The
Capital Quit Claim, duly executed by Seller and Capital Land Services Ltd.;

(ii) A
No Interest Letter from the DODSLAND AND DISTRICT CREDIT UNION LIMITED in respect of Saskatchewan
Personal Property Registration #: 301728854;

(iii) A
copy of the General Conveyance in the form as attached hereto as Schedule C (the General
Conveyance) with respect to the TWP48 Assets, duly executed by an authorized officer
of the Seller;

(iv) Such
instruments of transfer and assignment as reasonably requested to assign the TWP48 Contracts
to the Buyer, duly executed by the Seller and any other required parties thereto;

(v) A
certificate of an executive officer of the Seller, dated as of the TWP48 Closing Date, and
(1) certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 3.02(a), Section 3.02(b) and Section
3.02(e) have been satisfied and that the statements therein are true and correct as of the
TWP48 Closing Date; (2) attaching and certifying true and correct copies of resolutions of
the Board of Directors of Seller, and of the shareholders of Seller if required as set forth
in Section 3.02(d), approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Transactions;
and (3) attaching a certificate of status issued by Corporations Canada for the Seller, dated
as of a date within 5 days of the TWP48 Closing Date; and

(vi) Such
other documents and instruments as reasonable requested by the Buyer for the purposes of
transferring the TWP48 Assets to the Buyer and otherwise consummating the Transactions being
completed at the TWP48 Closing.

(b) At the TWP47 Closing, the Seller
shall deliver to the Buyer the following:

(i) The
General Conveyance with respect to the TWP47 Assets, duly executed by an authorized officer
of the Seller;

(ii) A
No Interest Letter from the DODSLAND AND DISTRICT CREDIT UNION LIMITED in respect of Saskatchewan
Personal Property Registration #: 301728854;

(iii) Such
instruments of transfer and assignment as reasonably requested to assign the TWP47 Contracts
to the Buyer, duly executed by the Seller and any other required parties thereto;

8

(iv) A
certificate of an executive officer of the Seller, dated as of the TWP47 Closing Date, and
(1) certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 3.02(a), Section 3.02(b) and Section
3.02(e) have been satisfied and that the statements therein are true and correct as of the
TWP47 Closing Date; (2) attaching and certifying true and correct copies of resolutions of
the Board of Directors of Seller, and of the shareholders of Seller if required as set forth
in Section 3.02(d), approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Transactions;
and (3) attaching a certificate of status issued by Corporations Canada for the Seller, dated
as of a date within 5 days of the TWP47 Closing Date; and

(v) Such
other documents and instruments as reasonable requested by the Buyer for the purposes of
transferring the TWP47 Assets to the Buyer and otherwise consummating the Transactions being
completed at the TWP47 Closing.

Section
2.05 Buyer and Parent Deliverables at the Closings.

(a) At the TWP48 Closing:

(i) The
Buyer shall pay to Seller the TWP48 Closing Cash payment, by wire transfer pursuant to instructions
provided by the Seller to the Buyer prior to the TWP48 Closing;

(ii) The
Parent shall record the Seller in the books and records of the Parent as the owner of the
Shares, and the Parties agree that the Shares shall not be certificated, unless requested
by the Seller three (3) days prior to the TWP48 Closing; and

(iii) The
Parent and the Buyer shall deliver to the Seller a certificate of an executive Officer of
the Parent and an executive officer of Buyer, dated as of the TWP48 Closing Date; and (1)
certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 3.03(a) and Section 3.03(f) have been
satisfied and that the statements therein are true and correct as of the TWP48 Closing Date;
(2) attaching and certifying true and correct copies of resolutions of the Board of Directors
of each of Parent and the Buyer approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents
and the Transactions; and (3) attaching a certificate of status issued by the Delaware Secretary
of State for the Buyer and the Parent, each dated as of a date within 5 days of the TWP48
Closing Date.

(b) At the TWP47
Closing:

(i) The
Buyer shall deliver to the Seller the General Conveyance, duly executed by an authorized
officer of the Buyer;

(ii) The
Buyer shall pay to Seller the TWP47 Closing Cash payment, by wire transfer pursuant to instructions
provided by the Seller to the Buyer prior to the TWP47 Closing; and

(iii) The
Parent and the Buyer shall deliver to the Seller a certificate of an executive Officer of
the Parent and an executive officer of Buyer, dated as of the TWP47 Closing Date; and 1)
certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 3.03(a) and Section 3.03(f) have been
satisfied and that the statements therein are true and correct as of the TWP47 Closing Date;
(2) attaching and certifying true and correct copies of resolutions of the Board of Directors
of each of Parent and the Buyer approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents
and the Transactions; and (3) attaching a certificate of status issued by the Delaware Secretary
of State for the Buyer and the Parent, each dated as of a date within 5 days of the TWP47
Closing Date.

9

Section
2.06 Additional Documents. At and following each Closing, the Parties shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver (or shall ensure
to be executed, acknowledged, and delivered), any and all certificates, opinions, financial statements, schedules, agreements, resolutions,
rulings or other instruments required by this Agreement to be so delivered at or prior to or following the Closings, together with such
other items as may be reasonably requested by the Parties and their respective legal counsel in order to effectuate or evidence the Transactions.

Section
2.07 No Assumption of Liabilities. Otter than as specifically set forth herein, neither the Buyer nor the Parent are assuming,
nor shall either Buyer or Parent assume, any Liabilities of Seller, whether related to the Assets or otherwise.

Section
2.08 Potentially Adverse Caveats.

(a) For purposes herein,
Potentially Adverse Caveats means:

(i) in
respect of the TWP47 Assets, the following potentially adverse instruments registered against
Certificate of Title #: 151416828, and Certificate of Title #: 151416851: Interest #: 183883685
and 183883999 Mortgage, Regd: 15 Apr 2015 09:25:10, currently in the name of R.I.I.
NORTH AMERICA INC.; and

(ii) in
respect of the TWP48 Closing, the following potentially adverse instruments registered against
Certificate of Title #: 120169560, and Certificate of Title #: 120169559:

(1) Interest
#: 117039438 and 117039371 CNV Caveat, Regd: 19 May 1981 00:11:02, currently in the
name of Atco Gas & Oil Ltd.;

(2) Interest
#: 117039449 and 117039382 CNV Caveat, Regd: 03 Mar 1983 00:05:04, currently in the
name of The Royal Bank of Canada;

(3) Interest
#: 117039450 and 117039393 CNV Caveat, Regd: 21 Dec 1984 00:31:07, currently in the
name of Royal Bank of Canada and Chemical Bank of Canada;

(4) Interest
#: 117039461 and 117039405 CNV Caveat, Regd: 04 Aug 1992 00:18:07, currently in the
name of Hunter Oil & Gas Ltd.;

(5) Interest
#: 117039472 and 117039416 CNV Caveat, Regd: 28 Sep 1992 00:22:29, currently in the
name of Hunter Oil & Gas Ltd.; and

(6) Interest
#: 117039483 and 117039427 CNV Caveat, Regd: 22 Mar 1993 00:05:43, currently in the
name of CENOVUS ENERGY INC.

(b) From and after TWP47 Closing,
the Seller shall, using commercially reasonable efforts and to the extent possible, on a timely basis and without further consideration,
complete such documents and take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer in order to discharge, lapse, or otherwise
extinguish the Potentially Adverse Caveats with respect to the TWP47 Assets.

10

(c) From and after TWP48 Closing,
the Seller shall, using commercially reasonable efforts and to the extent possible, on a timely basis and without further consideration,
complete such documents and take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer in order to discharge, lapse, or otherwise
extinguish the Potentially Adverse Caveats with respect to the TWP48 Assets.

Section
2.09 Post-Closing Operatorship.

(a) Following Closing the Seller
shall remain as the licensed Permit holder, and recognized operator of the Assets for the purposes of the applicable Governmental Authorities
and applicable laws until the later of:

(i) the
TWP47 Closing; and

(ii) the
Buyer provides written notice to the Seller that the Buyer has become qualified to hold the
Permits for the Wells and the Tangibles pursuant to the applicable Governmental Authorities
and applicable laws, and to otherwise operate the Assets.

(b) In this regard,
the Specific Conveyances relating to operatorship of the TWP48 Assets, including the Permits for the Wells and the Tangibles, and the
applicable surface rights, shall not be circulated or registered by the Seller until the TWP47 Closing, or until such time as the foregoing
notice is provided to the Seller.

Section
2.10 Conveyance Taxes. (a) The Seller will pay all income, capital gain, use, transfer, stamp, registration, documentary, excise,
real property transfer or gains, or similar taxes incurred as a result of the Transactions. (b) The Buyer will pay all sales and value
added or similar taxes incurred as a result of the Transactions.

ARTICLE
III. Conditions to the Closings

Section
3.01 Conditions to the Obligations of Each of the Parties. The obligations of each of the Parties to consummate each Closing are
subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by each of the Parties, at or before the applicable Closing Date, of all the following conditions:

(a) No Governmental
Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) or Order
that is then in effect and which has the effect of making the transactions or agreements contemplated by this Agreement illegal or
which otherwise prevents or prohibits consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and no Governmental Authority
shall have imposed any terms or conditions on the Transactions which would reasonably be expected to materially impact the operations
of the Buyer following the applicable Closing.

(b) There shall not be any Action
brought by a third-party non-Affiliate to enjoin or otherwise restrict the consummation of the applicable Closing.

(c) The Parties shall have received
all necessary approvals from all required Governmental Authorities to consummate the Transactions at the applicable Closing.

11

Section
3.02 Conditions to the Obligations of the Buyer and Parent. The obligations of the Buyer and Parent to consummate each Closing
are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Buyer and Parent, each in its sole discretion), at or before the applicable Closing
Date, of the following conditions:

(a) The representations and warranties
made by the Seller in this Agreement shall have been true and correct when made and shall be true and correct in all material respects
(other than representations and warranties which are qualified as to materiality and the representations and warranties in Section
6.01, Section 6.02, Section 6.03, Section 6.09, Section 6.12, Section 6.13, Section 6.23 and Section 6.24, which shall each be true
and correct in all respects) at the applicable Closing Date with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties
were made at and as of the applicable Closing Date, except for changes therein permitted by this Agreement;

(b) The Seller shall have performed
or complied with all covenants and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Seller prior to or
at the applicable Closing;

(c) If deemed necessary
by the Parent, the Seller shall have provided to the Parent audited financial statements for the Seller and the Assets and related
auditor reports thereon from a Public Buyer Accounting Oversight Board-registered auditor, which consents to the inclusion of its statements
in SEC public filings, for each of the two most recently ended fiscal years and any other period audited or unaudited but reviewed
financials are required to be included in the reports filed by the Parent with the SEC following the applicable Closing pursuant to
applicable Law, and unaudited statements for any other required interim periods;

(d) The Transactions shall have
been approved by the shareholders of the Seller, if required by applicable Law or the rules of any applicable securities exchange;
and

(e) There shall have occurred
no Material Adverse Effect as of the applicable Closing Date.

Section
3.03 Condition to the Obligations of the Seller. The obligations of the Seller to consummate each Closing are subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver by the Seller in its sole discretion), at or before the applicable Closing Date, of the following conditions:

(a) The representations and warranties
made by the Buyer and Parent in this Agreement shall have been true and correct when made and shall be true and correct in all material
respects (other than representations and warranties which are qualified as to materiality, and other than the representations and warranties
as set forth in Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 7.06 which shall each be true and correct in all respects) at the applicable
Closing Date with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties were made at and as of the applicable Closing
Date, except for changes therein permitted by this Agreement;

(b) The Transactions shall have
been approved by the shareholders of the Buyer, if required by applicable Law or the rules of any applicable securities exchange, including
the NYSE American;

(c) The TWP48 Closing Cash and
TWP47 Closing Cash having been paid to the Seller;

12

(d) On the TWP48
Closing, the Shares having been issued to the Seller, as directed by the Seller;

(e) Evidence that the NYSE American
has approved or conditionally approved the Transaction, if so required by the rules and regulations of the NYSE American; and

(f) The Buyer and Parent shall
have performed or complied with all covenants and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Buyer
prior to or at the applicable Closing Date.

ARTICLE
IV. REGISTRATION

Section
4.01 Registration Generally. The Parent shall, within 21 days following the TWP48 Closing Date, file with the SEC a Registration
Statement or Registration Statements (as is necessary) on Form S-1 or Form S-3, as available (or, if such forms are unavailable for such
a registration, on such other form as is available for such registration, in each case as determined by the Parent) covering the resale
of all of the Registrable Securities. The Parent shall initially register for resale all of the Registrable Securities and as shall be
permitted to be included thereon in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale
of such Registrable Securities by the Seller, including but not limited to under Rule 415 under the Securities Act at then-prevailing
market prices (and not fixed prices).

Section
4.02 New Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in this Article IV, if the staff of the
SEC or the SEC informs the Parent that all of the unregistered Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule
415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single Registration Statement, the Parent agrees to promptly (i) inform the
Seller thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Registration Statement as required by the SEC and/or
(ii) withdraw the Registration Statement and file a new registration statement (the New Registration Statement), in either
case covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the SEC, Form S-1 or Form S-3, as available,
to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering. If the Parent amends the Registration Statement or files a
New Registration Statement, as the case may be, under clauses (i) or (ii) above, the Parent will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to file with the SEC, as promptly as allowed by the Staff or SEC, one or more registration statements on Form S-1 or Form S-3, as available,
to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Registration Statement, as amended, or
the New Registration Statement.

Section
4.03 Related Obligations.

(a) At such time
as the Parent is obligated to prepare and file the Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to this Article IV, the Parent will
affect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, with respect
thereto, the Parent shall have the obligations as set forth in this Section 4.03.

13

(b) The Parent
shall use commercially reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities to become
effective and shall use commercially reasonable efforts keep such Registration Statement effective until the earlier to occur of the
date on which the Seller shall have sold all the Registrable Securities (the Registration Period). The Registration
Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. The Parent shall use all commercially reasonable
efforts to respond to all SEC comments within ten (10) business days from receipt of such comments by the Parent. The Parent shall
use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities to become
effective no later than three (3) business days after notice from the SEC that the Registration Statement may be declared effective.
Seller agrees to provide all information which is required by Law to be provided to the Parent, including the intended method of
disposition of the Registrable Securities, and the Parents obligations set forth above shall be conditioned on the receipt of
such information.

(c) The Parent shall prepare
and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to the Registration Statement and the prospectus
used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities
Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply
with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration
Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods
of disposition by the Seller thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement. In the event the number of shares of Common Stock
covered by the Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement is at any time insufficient to cover all of the Registrable
Securities, the Parent shall amend such Registration Statement, or file a new Registration Statement (on the short form available therefor,
if applicable), or both, so as to cover all of the Registrable Securities, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in any event,
within thirty (30) calendar days after the necessity therefor arises (based on relevant factors on which the Parent reasonably elects
to rely) and subject to SEC rules, regulations and interpretations, assuming the Parent has sufficient authorized shares at that time,
and if it does not, within thirty (30) calendar days after such shares are authorized. The Parent shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause such amendment and/or new Registration Statement to become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the
filing thereof.

(d) The Parent shall make
available to Seller and its legal counsel without charge (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC at least one
(1) copy of such Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents
incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, the prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each
preliminary prospectus) and, with regards to such Registration Statement(s), except as may be prohibited by Law or with respect to
any information which may be material non-public information, any correspondence by or on behalf of the Parent to the SEC or the
staff of the SEC and any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Parent or its representatives relating to such
Registration Statement; (ii) upon the effectiveness of any Registration Statement, the Parent shall make available copies of the
prospectus, via EDGAR, included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto; and (iii) such other
documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as Seller may reasonably request from time to time to facilitate
the disposition of the Registrable Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, any filing available to the Seller via the SECs
live EDGAR system shall be deemed available to Seller hereunder.

14

(e) The Parent shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such other securities
or blue sky Laws of such states in the United States as Seller reasonably requests; (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions,
such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary
to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period; (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain
such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably
necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Parent shall
not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would
not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 4.03(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction
or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Parent shall promptly notify the Seller of the receipt
by the Parent of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities
for sale under the securities or blue sky Laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice
of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

(f) As promptly as practicable
after becoming aware of such event, the Parent shall notify the Seller in writing of the happening of any event as a result of which
the prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading (Registration Default) and use all diligent efforts to promptly prepare a supplement
or amendment to such Registration Statement and take any other necessary steps to cure the Registration Default (which, if such Registration
Statement is on Form S- 3, may consist of a document to be filed by the Parent with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), Section 13(c),
Section 14 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to be incorporated by reference in the prospectus) to correct such untrue statement
or omission, and make available copies of such supplement or amendment to the Seller. The Parent shall also promptly notify the Seller
(i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post- effective amendment has been filed, and when the Registration Statement
or any post- effective amendment has become effective (the Parent will prepare notification of such effectiveness which shall be delivered
to the Seller on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), additionally, the Parent will promptly provide to the Seller
a copy of the effectiveness order prepared by the SEC once it is received by the Parent; (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments
or supplements to the Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, (iii) of the Parents reasonable determination
that a post- effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be appropriate, (iv) in the event the Registration Statement is
no longer effective, or (v) if the Registration Statement is stale as a result of the Parents failure to timely file its financials
or otherwise.

15

(g) The Parent shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an
order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify the
Seller holding Registrable Securities being sold of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual
notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding concerning the effectiveness of the registration statement.

(h) The Parent shall permit
Seller and one (1) legal counsel for Seller, designated by Seller, to review and comment upon the Registration Statement and all
amendments and supplements thereto at least one (1) calendar day prior to their filing with the SEC. However, any postponement of a
filing of a Registration Statement or any postponement of a request for acceleration or any postponement of the effective date or
effectiveness of a Registration Statement by written request of Seller (collectively, the Seller Delay) shall not act
to trigger any penalty of any kind, or any cash amount due or any in-kind amount due to Seller from the Parent under any and all
agreements of any nature or kind between the Parent and Seller. The event(s) of a Seller Delay shall act to suspend all obligations
of any kind or nature of the Parent under any and all agreements of any nature or kind between the Parent and Seller.

(i) The Parent shall hold in
confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Seller unless (i) disclosure of such information is necessary
to comply with federal or state Laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission
in any Registration Statement, or (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable
order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction. The Parent agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of
such information concerning Seller is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means,
to the extent legally permissible, give prompt written notice to Seller and allow Seller, at Sellers expense, to undertake appropriate
action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order covering such information.

(j) The Parent shall use all
commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities covered by any Registration
Statement on the NYSE American. If, despite the Parents commercially reasonable best efforts, the Parent is unsuccessful in
satisfying the preceding sentence, it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all the Registrable Securities covered by
any Registration Statement to be listed on each other national securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any, on which
securities of the same class or series issued by the Parent are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities
is then permitted under the rules of such exchange or system. The Parent shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying
its obligation under this Section 4.03(j).

(k) The Parent shall cooperate
with the Seller to facilitate the prompt preparation and delivery of the Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to the Registration
Statement and enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations or amounts, as the case may be, as the Seller may reasonably
request.

(l) The Parent shall provide
a transfer agent for all the Registrable Securities not later than the effective date of the first Registration Statement filed pursuant
hereto.

16

(m) If requested
by Seller, the Parent shall (i) as soon as reasonably practical incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment
such information as the Seller reasonably determines should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable
Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such
offering; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as reasonably possible after
being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or
make amendments to any Registration Statement.

(n) The Parent shall
use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by the applicable Registration Statement to be
registered with or approved by such other Governmental Authorities as may be necessary to facilitate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

(o) The Parent shall otherwise
use all commercially reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in connection with any
registration hereunder.

(p) Within three (3) business
days after the Registration Statement which includes Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC, the Parent shall deliver
to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities, with copies to the Seller, confirmation that such Registration Statement has
been declared effective by the SEC.

(q) All legal expenses, other
than underwriting discounts and sales or brokerage commissions and other than as set forth herein, incurred in connection with registrations
including comments, filings or qualifications pursuant to Article IV including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications
fees, and printing fees shall be paid by the Parent.

(r) With a view to making available
to the Seller the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the SEC that
may at any time permit the Seller to sell Registrable Securities to the public without registration (Rule 144), provided
that the Seller hold any Registrable Securities are eligible for resale under Rule 144, the Parent agrees to (i) make and keep adequate
current public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144; (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner
all reports and other documents required of the Parent under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so long as the Parent remains
subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144;
and (ii) furnish to the Seller, promptly upon request, (1) a written statement by the Parent that it has complied with the reporting
requirements of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (2) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the
Parent and such other reports and documents so filed by the Parent, and (3) such other information as may be reasonably requested to
permit the Seller to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

17

Section
4.04 Obligations of the Seller.

(a)
At
least ten (10) calendar days prior to the first anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, the Parent shall notify the
Seller in writing of the information the Parent requires from Seller for the Registration Statement. It shall be a condition precedent
to the obligations of the Parent to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities
that Seller agrees to furnish to the Parent that information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities and the intended method
of disposition of the Registrable Securities as shall reasonably be required to effect the registration of such Registrable Securities
and Seller shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Parent may reasonably request. Seller covenants
and agrees that, in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities by it pursuant to the Registration Statement, it shall comply
with the Plan of Distribution section of the then- current prospectus relating to such Registration Statement.

(b) Seller
agrees to cooperate with the Parent as reasonably requested by the Parent in connection with the preparation and filing of any Registration
Statement hereunder.

(c) Seller
agrees that, upon receipt of written notice from the Parent of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 4.03(f)
or the first sentence of Section 4.03(e), Seller will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any
Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until Sellers receipt of the copies of the supplemented or
amended prospectus contemplated by Section 4.03(f) or the first sentence of Section 4.03(e).

ARTICLE
V. Contract Operations Post-Closing

Section
5.01 Contract Operations Post-Closing. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, following the Closing, the following shall apply
to the physical operation of the Assets by the Seller:

(a) operating
costs for the Assets shall, for a period of two (2) years from the Closing Date, be held at the levels detailed in the auditors
report over the eighteen (18) month period prior to the Closing Date, prepared for the Buyer on the basis of the due diligence materials
provided by the Seller to the Buyer in connection with the Transactions, unless mutually agreed otherwise;

(b) from
and after the foregoing two (2) year period, operating costs shall remain competitive with other operators in the area; and

(c) the
Buyer shall be entitled to terminate the Sellers actions pursuant to this Article V on thirty (30) days written notice
to the Seller.

Section
5.02 Responsibilities Following the Closing. Following the Closing, with respect to all Assets acquired by the Buyer hereunder,
the Seller shall:

(a) act
as the on-site operator of the Assets and perform all work and services ordinarily performed by an operator for the field management
and operation of the Wells/Facilities, including the specific duties of the Seller described in Schedule D;

(b) conduct
all operations for the Assets in a safe and competent manner, in compliance with accepted industry practices and all applicable laws,
rules and regulations of any governmental authority having jurisdiction, including but not limited to the following: Occupational
Health and Safety, Environmental, Workers Compensation, Transportation of Dangerous Goods, Work Place Hazardous Materials
Information System and emergency response plans;

18

(c) place
orders with suppliers and sign for receipt of materials, subject to the prior approval of the Buyer if required under Schedule D;

(d) keep
the Assets, including the lands on which they are situated, free of all liens or claims arising from the performance of the Sellers
obligations under this Agreement, except for liens or claims being contested diligently;

(e) ensure
that:

(i) the
Sellers personnel are trained and competent to perform their duties before operating the Assets;

(ii) the
operations comply with the Buyers safety standards, work practices and accident prevention regulations; and

(iii) the
Sellers personnel receive H2S training if there is a potential to handle sour substances at the Assets or enter onto sour
gas locations.

Section
5.03 Qualifications of the Seller. If the Seller is not qualified to perform any service required to maintain the Assets, including
as set forth in Section 5.02, the Seller will, using reasonable efforts, either arrange to have third parties perform the service (at
the sole cost of the Buyer), but subject to prior written approval of the Buyer, and provided that any such agreements with third parties
shall be invoiced to Buyer unless agreed to in advance in writing, or advise the Buyer of the work or service required.

Section
5.04 The Buyers Responsibilities. Following the Closing, with respect to all Assets acquired by the Buyer hereunder, the
Buyer will:

(a) ensure
the Assets are fully operational and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations;

(b) maintain
all required rights of access and provide adequate access across the land of third parties to the site of the Assets to allow the
Seller and its employees and sub-contractors access to the site;

(c) provide
all labour, materials and equipment for repair, maintenance, replacement and remedial work required at the Assets that are not part
of the Sellers responsibilities;

(d) pay
all charges incurred by the Seller on behalf of the Buyer for the operations carried out under this Agreement;

(e) inform
the Seller in advance of all services that the Buyer intends to perform or have performed at the Assets;

(f) make
all payments attributable to production from the Assets and payments of assessments including but not limited to royalty and tax
payments, regulatory agency fees and property taxes on the Assets;

(g) provide
the Seller with the Buyers safety standards, work practices and accident prevention policies;

19

(h) ensure
that a current emergency response plan is in place for the Assets; and

(i) remediate
any spill, release or discharge in accordance with applicable law; provided, however, that the remediation shall be at the sole risk,
cost, and expense of the Buyer except where the spill, discharge or release was caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of the Seller.

Section
5.05 Right of Access. Following the Closing, the Buyer, its employees or sub- contractors, may at any time access the Assets and
related equipment and supplies.

Section
5.06 Suspension Provisions. Following the Closing, the Buyer may suspend or permanently shut-in any of the Assets.

Section
5.07 Invoice and Payment.

(a) The
Seller will invoice the Buyer as soon as possible for the fees and other charges incurred for a calendar month in connection with
the actions of the Seller pursuant to this Article V in accordance with Schedule E. The Buyer will pay the Seller the amount specified
in the invoice at the end of each calendar month after receiving the Sellers invoice. Payment of any invoice will not prevent
the Buyer from questioning the correctness of the invoice, up to a period of fifteen (15) months following the end of the calendar
year in which an invoice is presented, otherwise the invoice will be deemed to be correct.

(b) Any
invoice that is not questionable and is in the normal course of business and which is not paid within thirty (30) days after receipt
of the invoice will accrue interest at an annual interest rate of five percent (5%), with any fractional periods being appropriately
pro-rated (the Interest Rate), on the amount owing, compounded monthly from the date of receipt of the invoice until
paid. Any invoice that is other than in the normal course of business which has been previously agreed but which is not paid within
thirty (30) days after receipt of the invoice will accrue interest at the Interest Rate, compounded monthly from the date of receipt
of the invoice until paid.

(c) When
the Seller is required to charge Goods and Services Tax (GST), or similar value added tax, the Sellers invoice
will include information prescribed by the Input Tax Credit Information Regulations under the Excise Tax Act, or any information
prescribed for a similar value added tax. Where the Seller is not, or is not required to be, registered for purposes of the GST,
that fact will be disclosed on the Sellers invoice.

Section
5.08 Emergencies. In an emergency, the Seller will use industry standard efforts to protect life, property and the Assets. The
Seller will promptly notify the Buyer of the emergency and any action taken. The Buyer will direct any extended period response and is
responsible for any emergency response aside from those specifically assigned to the Seller herein.

Section
5.09 The Seller as an Independent Contractor. With respect to the actions of the Parties pursuant to this Article V, the Parties
agree as follows:

(a) The
Seller:

(i) is
an independent contractor, whose work and services are subject to this Agreements
provisions and the Buyers instructions;

20

(ii) will
control the work and services of its employees and sub-contractors; and

(iii) is
accountable to the Buyer for completion of the work and services pursuant to the provisions
of this Agreement.

(b) The Seller is responsible
for deciding on:

(i) the
number of the Sellers employees and sub-contractors;

(ii) the
selection of employees and sub-contractors; and

(iii) the
hours of labour and compensation for their services.

(c) The Seller, its
employees and sub-contractors are not agents or employees of the Buyer.

Section
5.10 Audit Provision.

(a) The
Seller will maintain complete records and accounts with respect to operations under this
Article V in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and in the detail required
to verify all records and accounts submitted to the Buyer.

(b) The Buyer has the
right to audit, at its own expense, the records and accounts:

(i) during
reasonable business hours and on advance written notice to the Seller; and

(ii) for
up to twenty-four (24) months from the end of the calendar year to which the records and
accounts relate.

(c) Any
claims of discrepancies will be made in writing to the Seller within three (3) months of
completion of the audit.

(d) The
Seller will respond in writing to all claims of discrepancies within three (3) months of
receipt of claims.

Section
5.11 Insurance. The Seller shall obtain and continuously maintain during the course of its operations hereunder that insurance
coverage set out in Schedule F, at the sole cost and expense of the Seller. The Seller shall ensure that all of its sub-contractors engaged
in any aspect of operations hereunder or exposed to the risk of any of the operations hereunder shall obtain and maintain insurance coverage
comparable to that as set out in Schedule F. Neither the placement of insurance coverage by the Seller in accordance with
the requirements of this Agreement nor the insolvency, bankruptcy or failure of any insurer to pay any claim arising under this Agreement,
relieves or limits any of the Sellers obligations or liabilities.

ARTICLE
VI. Representations and Warranties of the Seller

As
an inducement to, and to obtain the reliance of the Buyer, the Seller represents and warrant to the Buyer and the Parent, as of the Effective
Date and as of each Closing Date, as follows, except as set forth in the disclosure schedules provided by the Seller to the Buyer and
then Parent as of the Effective Date (the Disclosure Schedules):

21

Section
6.01 Existence and Power. Seller is a corporation, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the
Province of Saskatchewan and has the corporate power and is duly authorized under all applicable Laws, regulations, ordinances, and orders
of public authorities to carry on its business in all material respects as it is now being conducted. Seller has full corporate power
and authority to carry on its businesses as it is now being conducted and as now proposed to be conducted and to own or lease its properties
and assets.

Section
6.02 Due Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents does not,
and the consummation of the Transactions will not, violate any provision of the Seller Organizational Documents. Seller has taken all
actions required by Law, the Seller Organizational Documents or otherwise to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to consummate the Transactions.

Section
6.03 Valid Obligation This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents executed by Seller in connection herewith constitute
the valid and binding obligations of Seller enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by the
Enforceability Exceptions. Neither the execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement or any other Transaction
Documents to which it is, or is specified to be, a party will contravene, violate or conflict with or result in the breach of or
constitute a default under any of the Seller Organizational Documents, contravene, conflict with, or violate, or give any
Governmental Authority or other Person the right to challenge any of the Transactions, or to exercise any remedy or obtain any
relief under, any Law or governmental order to which the Seller or any of the Assets could be subject.

Section
6.04 Governmental Authorization. Neither the execution, delivery nor performance of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents
by Seller requires any consent, approval, license or other action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with any
Governmental Authority.

Section
6.05 Approval of Agreement The Board of Directors of Seller has authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents by Seller and has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
6.06 Litigation and Proceedings There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the Knowledge of
Seller, threatened, by or against Seller or affecting any of the Assets, Seller or its properties, at Law or in equity, before any
court or other governmental agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or before any arbitrator of any kind. Seller has no
Knowledge of any default on its part with respect to any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule or regulation of any
court, arbitrator, or governmental agency or instrumentality or any circumstance which after reasonable investigation would result
in the discovery of such default.

Section
6.07 Compliance With Laws and Regulations Seller has complied with all applicable statutes and regulations of any provincial,
federal, state, or other governmental entity or agency thereof, except to the extent that noncompliance would not materially and
adversely affect the business, operations, properties, Assets, or condition of Seller or except to the extent that noncompliance
would not result in the occurrence of any material liability for Seller.

Section
6.08 Regulatory Permits. Seller possesses all certificates, authorizations and Permits issued by the appropriate federal, state,
local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its businesses as presently conducted, and to own and operate the Assets
and Seller has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Permit.

22

Section 6.09 Title
to and Ownership of Assets.

(a) Seller
is the record and beneficial owner of the Assets free and clear of all Liens, Encumbrances,
purchase rights, claims, pledges, mortgages, security interests, or other limitations or
restrictions whatsoever, other than the Permitted Encumbrances. Seller is not subject to,
or a party to, any agreements, licenses, contracts, instruments or other restrictions of
any kind or character which directly or indirectly restrict or otherwise limit in any manner
the use, sale or other disposition of the Assets by Seller or by the Buyer or the Parent.
Upon delivery to the Buyer of the applicable Transaction Documents, the Buyer will acquire
lawful, valid and marketable title to the Assets free and clear of all Encumbrances or Liens
or restrictions whatsoever, other than the Permitted Encumbrances. Other than pursuant to
this Agreement, no Person has any rights to purchase or receive any of the Assets or any
interests therein. The Seller is not obligated to provide any consideration (whether financial
or otherwise) to any third party, nor is any third party otherwise entitled to any consideration,
with respect to any exercise of rights by the Seller or the Buyer or Parent, as successor
to the Seller, in the Assets.

(b) There
is no Action that is pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened, that challenges
the rights of Seller in respect of any Assets. Seller has not received any written communication
alleging that Seller has infringed the rights of any third party and there are no Actions
that are pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller with respect to
the Assets. To the Knowledge of Seller, there is no unauthorized use, infringement or misappropriation
of the Assets by any third party and there is no Action that is pending or threatened by
Seller with respect thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this representation
shall not limit or restrict the transfer to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement of all right,
title and interest in and to the Assets owned by Seller.

(c) The
Seller has complied with all the requirements of all Canadian and United States and foreign
Governmental Authorities to maintain the Assets in full force and effect in all material
respects, including payment of all required fees when due to such offices or entities, and
timely filing of all declarations, certifications and other paperwork with Governmental Authorities
needed to maintain the Assets in good standing.

(d) No
claims (i) challenging the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or ownership by the Seller
of any of the Assets owned or purported to be owned by the Seller or (ii) to the effect that
any Assets or the conduct of the business of the Seller, including the development, marketing,
sale and support of the Assets, has infringed or does or will infringe or constitute a misappropriation
of any intellectual property or other proprietary or personal right of any Person have been
asserted or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened by any Person against the Seller, nor
does there exist any valid basis for such a claim. There are no Actions, including interference,
re-examination, reissue, opposition, nullity, suspension, rejection (whether non-final or
final), default, abandonment or cancellation Actions pending that relate to any of the Assets,
and to the Knowledge of the Seller no such Actions are threatened or contemplated by any
Governmental Authority or any other Person.

23

(e) The
Seller has obtained from all Persons (including former and current employees and current
or former consultants and subcontractors) who have created any portion of, or otherwise who
would have any rights in or to, the Assets valid and enforceable (subject to the Enforceability
Exceptions) written assignments of any such work, invention, improvement or other rights
to the Seller and have delivered true and complete copies of such assignments to Buyer. No
former employee, current employee, consultant or former consultant of the Seller has ever
excluded any intellectual property from any written assignment executed by any such Person
in connection with work performed for or on behalf of the Seller. All amounts payable by
the Seller to consultants and former consultants involved in the development of any Assets
have been paid in full.

(f) The
Seller has taken commercially reasonable measures to protect their ownership of, and rights
in, all Assets owned by the Seller in accordance with customary industry practices.

(g) The
Seller has not (i) transferred ownership of, or granted any exclusive license with respect
to, any Assets to any other Person or (ii) granted any customer the right to use any Asset
or portion thereof on anything. No funding, facilities or personnel of any educational institution
or Governmental Authority were used, directly or indirectly, to develop or create, in whole
or in part, any Assets.

(h) To
the Knowledge of Seller, there is no governmental prohibition or restriction on the use of
any Assets in any jurisdiction in which the Seller currently conducts or has conducted business
or on the export or import of any of the Assets from or to any such jurisdiction.

(i) The
Seller has never agreed to indemnify any Person for or against any interference, infringement,
misappropriation, or other conflict with respect to any of the Assets.

Section
6.10 Condition and Sufficiency of Assets. The land, buildings, plants, structures, furniture, fixtures, machinery, equipment,
vehicles and other items of tangible personal property included in the Assets are, to the Knowledge of the Seller, structurally sound,
are in good operating condition and repair, and are adequate for the uses to which they are being put, and none of such buildings, plants,
structures, furniture, fixtures, machinery, equipment, vehicles and other items of tangible personal property is in need of maintenance
or repairs except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs that are not material in nature or cost. Each well located on the Real
Property, whether producing, shut-in, injection, disposal or otherwise, has been drilled and, if completed, completed and operated in
accordance with generally accepted oil and gas field practices and the material requirements of the all applicable laws as they existed
at the relevant time.

Section
6.11 Absence of Certain Changes, Events and Conditions. Since 1 January 2024, and other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, there has not been any:

(a) event,
occurrence or development that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) entry into any
Contract that would constitute an Assigned Contract;

(c) incurrence,
assumption or guarantee of any indebtedness for borrowed money in connection with the Assets
except unsecured current obligations and Liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;

(d) transfer, assignment,
sale or other disposition of any of the Assets;

24

(e) cancellation
of any debts or claims or amendment, termination or waiver of any rights constituting Assets;

(f) material
damage, destruction or loss, or any material interruption in use, of any Assets, whether
or not covered by insurance;

(g) acceleration,
termination, material modification to or cancellation of any Assigned Contract;

(h) imposition of any
Encumbrance upon any of the Assets; or

(i) any
Contract to do any of the foregoing, or any action or omission that would result in any of
the foregoing.

Section
6.12 Compliance with Laws. The Seller is (and has been at all times during the past five

(5)
years) in compliance with all economic sanctions and anti-boycott Laws in all material respects, including the Laws and regulations administered
by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and

U.S.
Customs and Immigration Service, the Arms Export Control Act and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Control Reform
Act and the Export Administration Regulations, the Laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office
of Foreign Assets Control, and Section 999 of the Internal Revenue Code.

Section
6.13 Assigned Contracts.

(a) The
TWP47 Contracts and the TWP48 Contracts (collectively, the Assigned Contracts)
are the only Contracts applicable to the Assets or to which any of the Assets or their operation
are subject. Seller has provided to Buyer true and correct copies of each Assigned Contract.

(b) Each
Assigned Contract is valid and binding on Seller in accordance with its terms and is in full
force and effect. None of Seller or, to the Knowledge of Seller, any other party thereto
is in breach of or default under (or is alleged to be in breach of or default under), or
has provided or received any notice of any intention to terminate, any Assigned Contract.
No event or circumstance has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute
an event of default under any Assigned Contract or result in a termination thereof or would
cause or permit the acceleration or other changes of any right or obligation or the loss
of any benefit thereunder. Complete and correct copies of each Assigned Contract (including
all modifications, amendments and supplements thereto and waivers thereunder) have been made
available to Buyer. There are no material disputes pending or threatened under any Assigned
Contract.

(b) Seller
has not pledged, mortgaged or otherwise granted an Encumbrance on any Assigned Contract.

(d) The
Seller is not participating in any discussions or negotiations regarding modification of
or amendment to any Assigned Contract.

(e) As of each applicable Closing, the Seller will have received all consents and approvals for
all third parties as required to assign the Assigned Contracts to the Buyer.

25

(f) Such
Assigned Contract is valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect. Seller is
not in breach or default under such Assigned Contract, and no event has occurred or circumstance
exists which, with the delivery of notice, passage of time or both, would constitute such
a breach or default, and Seller has paid all rent due and payable under such Assigned Contract.
Seller has not received nor given any notice of any default or event that with notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default by Seller under any of the Assigned Contracts
and, to the Knowledge of Seller, no other party is in default thereof, and no party to any
Assigned Contract has exercised any termination rights with respect thereto.

Section
6.14 Real Property.

(a) With
respect to the real property as set forth on Exhibit A, included within the TWP47 Assets,
and the real property as set forth on Exhibit B, included within the TWP48 Assets (collectively,
the Real Property), the Seller represents and warrants as follows:

(i) Seller
has good and marketable leasehold to the Real Property, free and clear of all Encumbrances,
except Permitted Encumbrances;

(ii) Seller
has not leased or otherwise granted to any Person the right to use or occupy such Real Property
or any portion thereof; and

(iii) there
are no unrecorded outstanding options, rights of first offer or rights of first refusal to
purchase such Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein.

(b) Seller
has not received any written notice of (i) violations of building codes and/or zoning ordinances
or other governmental or regulatory Laws affecting the Real Property, (ii) existing, pending
or threatened condemnation proceedings affecting the Real Property, or

(iii) existing, pending
or threatened zoning, building code or other moratorium proceedings, or similar matters which could reasonably be expected to adversely
affect the ability to operate the Real Property as currently operated. Neither the whole nor any material portion of any Real Property
has been damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty.

(c) Seller
has not subleased, assigned or otherwise granted to any Person the right to use or occupy
such Real Property or any portion thereof.

(d) Seller
has not pledged, mortgaged or otherwise granted an Encumbrance on its leasehold interest
in any Real Property.

Section
6.15 Legal Proceedings; Governmental Orders.

(a) There
are no Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of the Seller, threatened against or by Seller
(a) relating to or affecting the Assets; or (b) that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin
or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No event has occurred
or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action.

(b) There are no outstanding
Governmental Orders and no unsatisfied judgments, penalties or awards against, relating to or affecting the Assets.

26

Section
6.16 Compliance With Laws; Permits.

(a) Seller
has complied, and is now complying, with all Laws applicable to the conduct of its business
as currently conducted or the ownership and use of the Assets.

(b) All
Permits required for Seller to operate the Assets as currently conducted or for the ownership
and use of the Assets have been obtained by Seller and are valid and in full force and effect.
All fees and charges with respect to such Permits as of the date hereof have been paid in
full. No event has occurred that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would
reasonably be expected to result in the revocation, suspension, lapse or limitation of any
such Permit.

Section
6.17 Environmental Matters.

(a) The
operations of Seller with respect to the Assets are currently and have been in compliance
with all Environmental Laws. Seller has not received from any Person, with respect to the
Assets, any: (i) Environmental Notice or Environmental Claim; or (ii) written request for
information pursuant to Environmental Law, which, in each case, either remains pending or
unresolved, or is the source of ongoing obligations or requirements as of the Effective Date
or as of any Closing.

(b) Seller
has obtained and is in material compliance with all Environmental Permits necessary for the
ownership, lease, operation or use of the Assets and all such Environmental Permits are in
full force and effect and shall be maintained in full force and effect by Seller through
the applicable Closing Date in accordance with Environmental Law, and Seller is not aware
of any condition, event or circumstance that might prevent or impede, after the applicable
Closing Date, the ownership, lease, operation or use of the Assets. With respect to any such
Environmental Permits, Seller has undertaken, or will undertake prior to the applicable Closing
Date, all measures necessary to facilitate transferability of the same, and Seller is not
aware of any condition, event or circumstance that might prevent or impede the transferability
of the same, and has not received any Environmental Notice or written communication regarding
any material adverse change in the status or terms and conditions of the same.

(c) There
has been no Release of Hazardous Materials in contravention of Environmental Law with respect
to the Assets, and Seller has not received an Environmental Notice that any of the Assets
(including soils, groundwater, surface water, buildings and other structure located thereon)
has been contaminated with any Hazardous Material which could reasonably be expected to result
in an Environmental Claim against, or a violation of Environmental Law or term of any Environmental
Permit by, Seller.

(d) There
are no active or abandoned aboveground or underground storage tanks owned or operated by
Seller in connection with the Assets.

(e) There
are no Hazardous Materials treatment, storage, or disposal facilities or locations used by
Seller and any predecessors in connection with the Assets as to which Seller may retain liability.
Seller has not received any Environmental Notice regarding potential liabilities with respect
to any off-site Hazardous Materials treatment, storage, or disposal facilities or locations
used by Seller.

27

(f) Seller
has not retained or assumed, by contract or operation of Law, any liabilities or obligations
of third parties under Environmental Law.

(g) Seller
has provided or otherwise made available to Buyer (i) any and all environmental reports,
studies, audits, records, sampling data, site assessments, risk assessments, economic models
and other similar documents with respect to the Assets which are in the possession or control
of Seller related to compliance with Environmental Laws, Environmental Claims or an Environmental
Notice or the Release of Hazardous Materials; and (ii) any and all material documents concerning
planned or anticipated capital expenditures required to reduce, offset, limit or otherwise
control pollution and/or emissions, manage waste or otherwise ensure compliance with current
or future Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, costs of remediation, pollution
control equipment and operational changes).

(h) Seller
is not aware of or reasonably anticipates, as of any Closing Date, any condition, event or
circumstance concerning the Release or regulation of Hazardous Materials that might, after
any Closing Date, prevent, impede or materially increase the costs associated with the ownership,
lease, operation, performance or use of the Assets as currently carried out.

Section
6.18 Taxes.

(a) All
Tax Returns with respect to the Assets required to be filed by Seller for any Pre-Closing
Tax Period have been, or will be, timely filed. Such Tax Returns are, or will be, true, complete
and correct in all respects. All Taxes due and owing by Seller (whether or not shown on any
Tax Return) have been, or will be, timely paid.

(b) Seller
has withheld and paid each Tax required to have been withheld and paid in connection with
amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, customer, shareholder
or other party, and complied with all information reporting and backup withholding provisions
of applicable Law.

(c) No
extensions or waivers of statutes of limitations have been given or requested with respect
to any Taxes of Seller.

(d) All
deficiencies asserted, or assessments made, against Seller as a result of any examinations
by any taxing authority have been fully paid.

(e) Seller
is not a party to any Action by any taxing authority. There are no pending or threatened
Actions by any taxing authority.

(f) There
are no Encumbrances for Taxes upon any of the Assets nor, to the Knowledge of the Seller,
is any taxing authority in the process of imposing any Encumbrances for Taxes on any of the
Assets (other than for current Taxes not yet due and payable).

(g) None
of the Assets is tax-exempt use property within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code.

28

Section
6.19 Tax Returns and Payments; Tax Liens. The Seller (a) has duly and timely filed or caused to be filed all federal, state,
local and foreign Tax Returns required to be filed by it (including all Tax Returns required to be filed with respect to the Assets),
and all such Tax Returns are correct and complete in all material respects and were prepared in substantial compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations; (b) has paid all Taxes shown to be due and payable on such Tax Returns and all Taxes otherwise payable with respect
to the Assets to the extent due and payable; and (c) has properly accrued all Taxes relating to the Assets for periods subsequent to
the periods covered by such Tax Returns. No deficiency in payment of any such Taxes for any period has been asserted by any Tax Authority
and remains unsettled. There are no ongoing, pending or, to the Knowledge of the Seller, threatened in writing, Tax audits or examinations
relating to the Assets. No claim has ever been made by a Tax Authority in a jurisdiction in which the Seller does not file Tax Returns
that the Seller is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. All Taxes required to be withheld, collected or deposited by the
Seller with respect to the Assets have been timely withheld, collected or deposited and, to the extent required, have been paid to the
relevant Tax Authorities. There are no Tax liens on any of the Assets, other than liens for current Taxes which are not yet due or payable.
The Seller has not entered into any agreement, waiver or other arrangement providing for an extension of time with respect to the assessment
or collection of any Tax relating to the Assets or the Business.

Section
6.20 Insurance Policies. Correct and complete copies of each policy of insurance held by the Seller and related to the Assets
in any manner have been provided to the Buyer. All insurance policies and bonds with respect to the Assets are in full force and effect
and the Seller has not reached or exceeded policy limits for any insurance policy in effect at any time during the past five (5) years.

Section
6.21 Restrictions on Business Activities. There is no Contract or Order to which the Seller is a party or otherwise binding upon
the Seller that has or may reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting, limiting, restricting, or impairing in a material
respect any business practice of Buyer or Parent following any Closing, any acquisition or disposition of material property (tangible
or intangible) by the Seller, the conduct of business by the Seller, as currently conducted, or otherwise limiting in a material respect
the freedom of the Seller or the Buyer or the Parent, following the any Closing, to engage in any line of business or to compete with
any Person.

Section
6.22 Privacy and Data Protection.

(a) Each
of the Seller and its Affiliates has complied in all material respects with all applicable
international, federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations, directives and governmental
requirements relating in any way to the availability, integrity, security, privacy, or confidentiality
of Personal Data (collectively, Privacy Laws). Personal Data
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, whether such
data is in individual or aggregate form and regardless of the media in which it is contained;
and Process or Processing means any operation or set of operations
performed upon Personal Data or confidential information, whether or not by automatic means,
such as creating, collecting, procuring, obtaining, accessing, recording, organizing, storing,
adapting, altering, retrieving, consulting, using or disclosing, disseminating or destroying
the data.

29

(b) There
has been no loss, damage, to the knowledge of the Seller, theft, breach or unauthorized or
accidental access, acquisition, use, disclosure or other incident involving Personal Data
or confidential information maintained by or on behalf of the Seller, nor any complaints
or claims asserted by any Person (including any Authority) related to the Processing of Personal
Data or confidential information by the Seller or by another Person (including any Seller)
Processing Personal Data or confidential information on behalf of the Seller, and (ii) to
the knowledge of the Seller, there has been no legal proceeding brought by any Person that
any product or service of the Seller was the cause of, or a contributing cause of, or facilitated,
any incident involving Personal Data or confidential information maintained by any other
Person, nor a legal proceeding brought by any Person that the Seller was otherwise liable
for any incident or violation of any Privacy Law. Each of the Seller and its Affiliates has
made all necessary disclosures to, and obtained any necessary consents from, users, customers,
employees, contractors, and other Persons as required by applicable Privacy Laws, and has
filed any required registrations with the relevant data protection authorities.

Section
6.23 Approval of Agreement Seller is the only selling party required to authorize the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and Seller, including the Board of Directors of Seller, has approved this Agreement and the Transactions.

Section
6.24 Investment Representations.

(a) Investment
Purpose. The Seller understands and agrees that the consummation of the Transactions
including the delivery of the Shares to the Seller in exchange for the Assets as contemplated
hereby, constitutes the offer and sale of securities under the Securities Act and applicable
state statutes and that the Shares are being acquired by the Seller are being acquired by
the Seller for the Sellers own account and not with a present view towards the public
sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration
under the Securities Act.

(b) Investor
Status. The Seller is an accredited investor as that term is defined in
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (and Accredited Investor).

(c) Reliance
on Exemptions. The Seller understands that the Shares are being offered and sold to the
Seller in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United
States federal and state securities Laws and that the Buyer is relying upon the truth and
accuracy of, and the Sellers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements,
acknowledgments and understandings of the Seller set forth herein in order to determine the
availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Seller to acquire the Shares.

(d) Information.
The Seller has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations
of the Buyer and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Shares which have been requested
by the Seller. The Seller has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Buyer.
The Seller has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the Seller
is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment and the receipt
of the Shares. The Seller understands that the Sellers investment in the Shares involves
a significant degree of risk. The Seller is not aware of any facts that may constitute a
breach of any of the Buyers representations and warranties made herein.

(e) Governmental
Review. The Seller understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other
government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement
of the Shares.

30

(f) Transfer
or Resale. The Seller understands that (i) the sale or re-sale of the Shares have not
been and is not being registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
Laws, and the Shares may not be transferred unless (a) the Shares are sold pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) the Seller shall have delivered
to the Buyer, at the cost of the Seller, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance
and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that
the Shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption
from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Buyer, (c) the Shares are
sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act (or a successor rule) (Rule 144)) of the Seller who agree
to sell or otherwise transfer the Shares only in accordance with this Section 6.24 and who
is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Shares are sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (e) the Shares
are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation
S), and the Seller shall have delivered to the Buyer, at the cost of the Seller, an
opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel
in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Buyer; (ii) any sale of
such Shares made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of
said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Shares under circumstances
in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an
underwriter (as that term is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with some
other exemption under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder;
and (iii) neither the Buyer nor any other person is under any obligation to register such
Shares under the Securities Act or any state securities Laws or to comply with the terms
and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing
or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Shares may be pledged as collateral
in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.

(g) Legends.
The Seller understands that the Shares, until such time as the Shares have been registered
under the Securities Act, or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any
restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately
sold, the Shares may bear a standard Rule 144 legend and a stop-transfer order may be placed
against transfer of the certificates for such Shares.

(h) Removal.
The legend(s) referenced in Section 6.24(g) shall be removed and the Buyer shall issue a
certificate without such legend to the holder of any Shares upon which it is stamped, if,
unless otherwise required by applicable state securities Laws, (a) the Shares are registered
for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act or otherwise
may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number
of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such holder
provides the Buyer with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for
opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer
of such Shares may be made without registration under the Securities Act, which opinion shall
be accepted by the Buyer so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Seller agrees to sell
all Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been
removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any.

31

Section
6.25 Brokers. No agent, broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or similar fee or
commission from the Seller in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Seller.

ARTICLE
VII. Representations and Warranties of the Buyer and Parent

As
an inducement to, and to obtain the reliance of the Seller, the Buyer and Parent represent and warrant to the Seller as of the Effective
Date and as of each Closing Date, as follows:

Section
7.01 Existence and Power. Parent is a corporation, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware, and has the corporate power and is duly authorized under all applicable Laws, regulations, ordinances, and orders
of public authorities to carry on its business in all material respects as it is now being conducted. Buyer is a corporation, duly organized,
validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of Alberta, Canada, and has the corporate power and is duly authorized under all
applicable Laws, regulations, ordinances, and orders of public authorities to carry on its business in all material respects as it is
now being conducted. Each of Buyer and Parent has full corporate power and authority to carry on its respective businesses as it is now
being conducted and as now proposed to be conducted and to own or lease its properties and assets.

Section
7.02 Due Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents does not,
and the consummation of the Transactions will not, violate any provision of the Buyer Organizational Documents or the Parent Organizational
Documents. Each of Buyer and Parent has taken all actions required by Law, the Buyer Organizational Documents, the Parent Organizational
Documents or otherwise to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and
to consummate the Transactions.

Section
7.03 Valid Obligation This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents executed by Buyer and Parent in connection herewith
constitute the valid and binding obligations of Buyer and Parent, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as
may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions. Neither the execution, delivery and performance by the Buyer or Parent of this
Agreement or any other Transaction Documents to which it is, or is specified to be, a party will contravene, violate or conflict
with or result in the breach of or constitute a default under any of the Buyer Organizational Documents, or the Parent
Organizational Documents, or contravene, conflict with, or violate, or give any Governmental Authority or other Person the right to
challenge any of the Transactions, or to exercise any remedy or obtain any relief under, any Law or governmental order to which the
Buyer or Parent could be subject.

Section
7.04 Governmental Authorization. Neither the execution, delivery nor performance of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents
by Buyer or Parent requires any consent, approval, license or other action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing
with any Governmental Authority.

Section
7.05 Approval of Agreement The Board of Directors of Buyer and the Board of Directors of Parent have each authorized the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by Buyer and Parent and have each approved this
Agreement and the Transactions.

Section
7.06 The Shares. The Shares to be issued and delivered to the Seller in accordance with this Agreement shall be, upon issuance
and delivery of such Shares, be fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens, other than restrictions arising from applicable
securities Laws and any Liens incurred by the Seller.

32

Section
7.07 Brokers. No agent, broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or similar fee or commission
from the Buyer or Parent in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Buyer or Parent.

Section
7.08 Compliance With Laws and Regulations Buyer has complied with all applicable statutes and regulations of any provincial,
federal, state, or other governmental entity or agency thereof, except to the extent that noncompliance would not materially and
adversely affect the business, operations, properties, or condition of Buyer or except to the extent that noncompliance would not
result in the occurrence of any material liability for Buyer.

Section
7.09 Litigation and Proceedings There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the Knowledge of
Buyer, threatened, by or against Buyer, or its properties, at Law or in equity, before any court or other governmental agency or
instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or before any arbitrator of any kind. Buyer has no Knowledge of any default on its part with
respect to any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule or regulation of any court, arbitrator, or governmental agency
or instrumentality or any circumstance which after reasonable investigation would result in the discovery of such
default.

Section
7.10 Governmental Authorization. Neither the execution, delivery nor performance of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents
by Buyer requires any consent, approval, license or other action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with any
Governmental Authority.

Section
7.11 Legal Proceedings; Governmental Orders.

(a) There
are no Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of the Buyer, threatened against or by Buyer (a) relating to or affecting the assets
of the Buyer; or (b) that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
No event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action.

(b) There
are no outstanding Governmental Orders and no unsatisfied judgments, penalties or awards against, relating to or affecting the assets
of the Buyer.

Section
7.12 Taxes.

(a) Buyer
has withheld and paid each Tax required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee,
independent contractor, creditor, customer, shareholder or other party, and complied with all information reporting and backup withholding
provisions of applicable Law.

(b) No
extensions or waivers of statutes of limitations have been given or requested with respect to any Taxes of Buyer.

(c) All
deficiencies asserted, or assessments made, against Buyer as a result of any examinations by any taxing authority have been fully
paid.

33

(d) Buyer is not a party to any Action by any taxing authority. There are no pending or threatened Actions by any taxing authority.

(e) There
are no Encumbrances for Taxes upon any of the assets of the Buyer nor, to the Knowledge of the Buyer, is any taxing authority in
the process of imposing any Encumbrances for Taxes on any of the Assets (other than for current Taxes not yet due and payable).

(f) Buyer
is not, and has not been, a party to, or a promoter of, a reportable transaction within the meaning of Section 6707A(c)(1)
of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011 4(b).

Section
7.13 Tax Returns and Payments; Tax Liens. The Buyer (a) has duly and timely filed or caused to be filed all federal, state, local
and foreign Tax Returns required to be filed by it, and all such Tax Returns are correct and complete in all material respects and were
prepared in substantial compliance with all applicable laws and regulations; and (b) has paid all Taxes shown to be due and payable on
such Tax Returns. No claim has ever been made by a Tax Authority in a jurisdiction in which the Buyer does not file Tax Returns that
the Buyer is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. The Buyer has not entered into any agreement, waiver or other arrangement
providing for an extension of time with respect to the assessment or collection of any Tax relating to the assets of the Buyer or the
business of the Buyer.

ARTICLE
VIII. TERMINATION; SURVIVAL

Section
8.01 Termination This Agreement may be terminated on or prior to either Closing Date:

(a) By
the mutual written consent of the Parties;

(b) By
the Buyer or the Parent (i) if the conditions to the applicable Closing as set forth in Section 3.01 and Section 3.02 have not been
satisfied or waived by the Buyer, which waiver the Buyer may give or withhold in its sole discretion, by the Termination Date, provided,
however, that the Buyer and the Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (i) of this Section 8.01(b) if the
reason for the failure of any such condition to occur was the breach of the terms of this Agreement by the Buyer or Parent; or (ii)
if there has been a material violation, breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Seller
contained in this Agreement, which violation, breach or inaccuracy would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 3.02 not
to be satisfied, and such violation, breach or inaccuracy has not been waived by the Buyer or cured by the Seller, as applicable,
within five (5) Business Days after receipt by the Seller of written notice thereof from the Buyer or is not reasonably capable of
being cured prior to the Termination Date;

(c) By
the Seller (i) if the conditions to the applicable Closing as set forth in Section 3.01 and Section 3.03 have not been satisfied
or waived by the Seller, which waiver the Seller may give or withhold in its sole discretion, by the Termination Date, provided,
however, that the Seller may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (i) of this Section 8.01(c) if the reason for the
failure of any such condition to occur was the breach of the terms of this Agreement by the Seller; or (ii) if there has been a material
violation, breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Buyer or Parent contained in this Agreement,
which violation, breach or inaccuracy would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 3.03 not to be satisfied, and such violation,
breach or inaccuracy has not been waived by the Seller or cured by the Buyer or Buyer, as applicable, within five (5) Business Days
after receipt by the Buyer of written notice thereof from the Seller or is not reasonably capable of being cured prior to the Termination
Date; or

34

(d) By
any Party, if a court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority shall have issued an order or taken any other action
permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Transactions and such order or action shall have become final and
nonappealable.

Section
8.02 Specific Enforcement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) if the Buyer has a right
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of clause (ii) of Section 8.01(b), the Buyer may elect not to terminate this Agreement
and may instead seek to specifically enforce this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.16, provided that all conditions
to the applicable Closing have been satisfied in the event that such specific performance is seeking to cause the applicable Closing
to occur, waiver of any condition to close not being sufficient to implicate the right of specific performance as set forth herein; and
(ii) if the Seller has a right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of clause (ii) of Section 8.01(c), the Seller may
elect not to terminate this Agreement and may instead seek to specifically enforce this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section
10.16, provided that all conditions to applicable Closing have been satisfied in the event that such specific performance is seeking
to cause the applicable Closing to occur, waiver of any condition to close not being sufficient to implicate the right of specific performance
as set forth herein.

Section
8.03 Each Closing. For the avoidance of doubt, any termination of this Agreement following the TWP48 Closing Date and prior to
the TWP47 Closing Date shall not affect the Closing with respect to the TWP48 Assets, which shall remain in full force and effect, and
this Agreement shall remain in effect and applicable thereto, but, subject to Section 8.04, shall cease to be effective with respect
to the TWP47 Assets, and the TWP47 Closing Date shall not occur.

Section
8.04 Survival After Termination. Subject to the provisions of Section 8.02, if this Agreement is terminated by in accordance with
Section 8.01, this Agreement shall become void and of no further force and effect with no liability to any Person on the part of any
Party hereto (or any officer, agent, employee, direct or indirect holder of any equity interest or securities, or Affiliates of any Party);
provided, however, that this Section 8.04 and Article X shall survive the termination of this Agreement and nothing herein shall relieve
any Party from any liability for fraud or any willful and material breach of the provisions of this Agreement prior to the termination
of this Agreement.

35

ARTICLE
IX. Indemnification

Section
9.01 Indemnification of Parent and Buyer. If any Closing occurs, Seller hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law Parent, the Buyer and their respective Affiliates and each of their respective members,
managers, partners, directors, officers, employees, stockholders, attorneys and agents and permitted assignees (each a Buyer
Indemnified Party), against and in respect of any and all out-of-pocket loss, cost, payments, demand, penalty, forfeiture,
expense, liability, judgment, deficiency or damage, and diminution in value or claim (including actual costs of investigation and
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses) (all of the foregoing collectively, Losses) incurred or sustained
by any Buyer Indemnified Party as a result of or in connection with (i) any breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment or the alleged
breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment of any of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Seller contained
herein or in any of the Transaction Documents; (ii) the ownership, and operation of the applicable Assets prior to the applicable
Closing Date, including due to any Actions by any third parties with respect to the applicable Assets for any period prior to the
applicable Closing Date; (iii) as a result of any matter attributable to the Potentially Adverse Caveats; or (iv) in the event any
Registrable Securities are included in the Registration Statement under Article III, any violation or alleged violation by the
Seller of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any other Law, including, without limitation, any state securities Law, or any rule
or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement
(collectively, Violations), in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation is incurred,
arises out of or related to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any
related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Parent of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state
securities Law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement,
but only to the extent that such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding Seller furnished to the Parent
by Seller for use therein.

Section
9.02 Indemnification of Seller. If any Closing occurs, the Parent hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law the Seller and its Affiliates and each of their respective members, managers, partners, directors,
officers, employees, stockholders, attorneys and agents and permitted assignees (each a Seller Indemnified Party), against
and in respect of any and all Losses incurred or sustained by any Seller Indemnified Party as a result of or in connection with (i) any
breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment or the alleged breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment of any of the representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements of the Buyer contained herein or in any of the Transaction Documents; (ii) and the ownership, and operation of the applicable
Assets on or following the applicable Closing Date, including due to any Actions by any third parties with respect to the applicable
Assets for any period on or following the applicable Closing Date; or (iii) in the event any Registrable Securities are included in the
Registration Statement under Article IV, any Violations by Parent other than to the extent arising out of or based upon a Violation which
is due to the inclusion in the Registration Statement of the information furnished to the Parent by any Seller Indemnified Party expressly
for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto; and provided
that such indemnification shall not be available to the extent such claim is based on (a) a failure of Seller to deliver or to cause
to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Parent; (b) any Seller Indemnified Partys use of an incorrect prospectus
despite being promptly advised in advance by the Parent in writing not to use such incorrect prospectus; (c) any claims based on the
manner of sale of the Registrable Securities by Seller or of Sellers failure to register as a dealer under applicable securities
Laws; or (d) any omission of Seller to notify the Parent of any material fact that should be stated in the Registration Statement or
prospectus relating to Seller or the manner of sale.

36

Section
9.03 Indemnification Procedures. The Person making a claim under this is referred to as the Indemnified Party and
the Party against whom such claims are asserted under this Article IX is referred to as the Indemnifying Party.

Section
9.04 Procedure. The following shall apply with respect to all indemnification claims pursuant to this Article IX:

(a) Third-PartyClaims.
If any Indemnified Party receives notice of the assertion or commencement of any Action made or brought by any Person who is not a
party to this Agreement or an Affiliate of a party to this Agreement or a Representative of the foregoing (a Third-Party
Claim) against such Indemnified Party with respect to which the Indemnifying Party is obligated to provide indemnification
under this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof, but in any
event not later than thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of such notice of such Third-Party Claim. The failure to give such
prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations, except and only to the
extent that the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall
describe the Third-Party Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof and shall
indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party.
The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to participate in, or by giving written notice to the Indemnified Party, to assume the
defense of any Third-Party Claim at the Indemnifying Partys expense and by the Indemnifying Partys own counsel, and
the Indemnified Party shall cooperate in good faith in such defense. In the event that the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of
any Third-Party Claim, subject to Section 9.04(b), it shall have the right to take such action as it deems necessary to avoid,
dispute, defend, appeal or make counterclaims pertaining to any such Third-Party Claim in the name and on behalf of the Indemnified
Party. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense of any Third-Party Claim with counsel selected by it
subject to the Indemnifying Partys right to control the defense thereof, provided that the fees and disbursements of such
counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified Party.

(b) Settlementof
Third-Party Claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party shall not enter into
settlement of any Third-Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, except as provided in this Section
9.04(b). If a firm offer is made to settle a Third-Party Claim without leading to liability or the creation of a financial or other
obligation on the part of the Indemnified Party and provides, in customary form, for the unconditional release of each Indemnified
Party from all liabilities and obligations in connection with such Third-Party Claim and the Indemnifying Party desires to accept
and agree to such offer, the Indemnifying Party shall give written notice to that effect to the Indemnified Party. If the
Indemnified Party consents to such firm offer the Indemnifying Party may settle the Third-Party Claim upon the terms set forth in
such firm offer to settle such Third-Party Claim. If the Indemnified Party objects to such offer, or does not provide a response to
such firm offer within ten days after its receipt of such notice (in which case the Indemnified Party shall be deemed to not have
consented to such offer), the Indemnified Party shall thereafter assume the defense of such Third-Party Claim and shall continue to
contest or defend such Third-Party Claim and in such event the maximum liability of the Indemnifying Party as to such Third-Party
Claim shall
not exceed the amount of such settlement offer. If the Indemnified Party has assumed the defense pursuant to this Section 9.04(b), the
Indemnified Party shall not agree to any settlement without the written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed).

37

(c) DirectClaims.
Any Action by an Indemnified Party on account of a Loss which does not result from a Third-Party Claim (a Direct
Claim) shall be asserted by the Indemnified Party giving the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof, but
in any event not later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Indemnified Party becomes aware of such Direct Claim. The failure to
give such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations, except and
only to the extent that the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified
Party shall describe the Direct Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof and shall
indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party.
The Indemnifying Party shall have thirty (30) calendar days after its receipt of such notice to respond in writing to such Direct
Claim. The Indemnified Party shall allow the Indemnifying Party and its professional advisors to investigate the matter or
circumstance alleged to give rise to the Direct Claim, and whether and to what extent any amount is payable in respect of the Direct
Claim and the Indemnified Party shall assist the Indemnifying Partys investigation by giving such information and assistance
as the Indemnifying Party or any of its professional advisors may reasonably request. If the Indemnifying Party does not so respond
within such thirty (30) calendar day period, the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to have accepted liability for such claim, in
which case the Indemnified Party shall be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified Party on the terms and
subject to the provisions of this Agreement.

(d) Cooperation.Upon
a reasonable request made by the Indemnifying Party, each Indemnified Party seeking indemnification hereunder in respect of any
Direct Claim, hereby agrees to consult with the Indemnifying Party and act reasonably to take actions reasonably requested by the
Indemnifying Party in order to attempt to reduce the amount of Losses in respect of such Direct Claim. Any costs or expenses
associated with taking such actions shall be included as Losses hereunder.

(e) Withholding Tax.
The Buyer shall be solely responsible for any withholding taxes, deductions, or other similar taxes imposed by any applicable tax
authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the Withholding Taxes).
The Buyer agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Seller, its affiliates, and their respective directors, officers,
employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, obligations, penalties, interest, losses, damages, costs,
and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising from or relating to any failure by the Buyer to properly deduct,
withhold, report, remit, or pay any Withholding Taxes required by applicable law.

Section
9.05 Payments. Any indemnification required by this Article IX for costs, disbursements or expenses of any Indemnified Party in
connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending any Action shall be made by periodic payments by the Indemnifying Party
to each Indemnified Party during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or costs, disbursements or
expenses are incurred.

38

Section
9.06 Insurance. Any indemnification payments hereunder shall take into account any insurance proceeds or other third-party reimbursement
actually received.

Section
9.07 Time Limit. The obligations of the Seller and the Buyer under Section 9.01 and Section 9.02 shall expire two (2) years from
the latest-occurring Closing Date, except with respect to (i) an indemnification claim asserted in accordance with the provisions of
this Article IX which remains unresolved, for which the obligation to indemnify shall continue until such claim is resolved; and (ii)
resolved claims for which payment has not yet been paid to the Indemnified Party.

Section
9.08 Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article IX, neither Party shall be obligated to indemnify any
Persons for any Losses in excess of the total fair market value of the Shares as of the Closing Date, as determined based on the closing
trading price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately preceding the Closing Date (the Cap). For the avoidance of
doubt, Cap shall apply (i) as to all of the Buyer Indemnified Parties collectively, and the Seller shall not be subject to the Cap with
respect to each individual Buyer Indemnified Party; and (ii) as to all of the Seller Indemnified Parties collectively, and the Buyer
shall not be obligated to satisfy the Cap, with respect to each individual Seller Indemnified Party.

ARTICLE
X. Miscellaneous

Section
10.01 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement, and any and all claims, proceedings or causes of action relating to this Agreement
or arising from this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims
and contract claims, shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced under and solely in accordance with the substantive and procedural
laws of the State of Delaware, in each case as in effect from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied
to agreements performed wholly within the State of Delaware, provided, however, that to the extent that the laws of Canada, Alberta and
Saskatchewan are applicable to the acquisition or transfer of the Assets to the Buyer, such laws shall apply thereto.

(b) ANYLEGAL
SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREIN SHALL BE INSTITUTED SOLELY IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF
CALIFORNIA, IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN KERN COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF SUCH
COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF
VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT
THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

39

Section
10.02 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OR THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER
PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES
HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS Section
10.02. EACH OF THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT EACH HAS BEEN REPRESENTED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SIGNING OF THIS WAIVER BY INDEPENDENT
LEGAL COUNSEL SELECTED BY THE RESPECTIVE PARTY AND THAT SUCH PARTY HAS DISCUSSED THE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES AND IMPORT OF THIS WAIVER
WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. EACH OF THE PARTIES FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT EACH HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THE MEANING OF THIS WAIVER AND GRANTS
THIS WAIVER KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, WITHOUT DURESS AND ONLY AFTER CONSIDERATION OF THE CONSEQUENCES OF THIS WAIVER WITH LEGAL
COUNSEL.

Section
10.03 Notices Any notice or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
sufficiently given if personally delivered to it or sent by email, overnight courier or registered mail or certified mail, postage
prepaid, addressed as follows:

If
to the Parent or the Buyer:

Trio
Petroleum Corp. Attn: Robin Ross 

5401
Business Park South, Suite 115 

Bakersfield,
CA 93309 

Email: rross@triopetroleum.us 

With
a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Anthony,
Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC 

Attn:
John
Cacomanolis 

1700
Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820 

West
Palm Beach, FL 33401 

Email: JCacomanolis@alclaw.com 

If
to the Seller:

Novacor
Exploration Ltd. 

Attn:
Douglas
Forrest 

5014
48 Street 

Lloydminster,
AB T9V 0H8 

Email:
novacorexploration@gmail.com 

With
a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Fish
Purdy LLP 

Attn: Brendan
Purdy 

409-22
Leader Lane, Toronto, ON M5E 0B2 

Email: brendan@fishpurdy.com 

40

(b) AnyParty
may change its address for notices hereunder upon notice to each other Party in the manner for giving notices hereunder.

(c) Anynotice
hereunder shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt, if personally delivered, (ii) on the day after dispatch, if sent by
overnight courier, (iii) upon dispatch, if transmitted by email with return receipt requested and received and (iv) three (3) days
after mailing, if sent by registered or certified mail.

Section
10.04 Attorneys Fees In the event that any Party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure
relief from any default hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing Party shall be reimbursed by the losing Party for all costs,
including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered
therein.

Section
10.05 Public Announcements and Filings Unless required by applicable Law or regulatory authority, or the rules and
regulations of the NYSE American, none of the Parties will issue any report, statement or press release to the general public, to
the trade, to the general trade or trade press, or to any third party (other than its advisors and Representatives in connection
with the Transactions) or file any document, relating to this Agreement and the Transactions, except as may be mutually agreed by
the Parties.

Section
10.06 Third Party Beneficiaries This contract is strictly between the Parties and, except as specifically provided, no other
Person and no director, officer, stockholder, employee, agent, independent contractor or any other Person shall be deemed to be a
third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

Section
10.07 Expenses Subject to Section 10.04, except as specifically set forth herein, whether or not either Closing occurs, each
of the Parties will bear their own respective expenses, including legal, accounting and professional fees, incurred in connection
with the transactions contemplated herein.

Section
10.08 Entire Agreement This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents represent the entire agreement between the Parties
relating to the subject matter thereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, written or oral, with
respect to such subject matter.

Section
10.09 Survival The representations, warranties, and covenants of the respective Parties shall survive each Closing Date and
the consummation of the Transactions for a period of two years therefrom, and provided that the covenants and agreements of the
Parties as set forth in Article V shall survive the Closing Date and shall remain in force for the periods as set forth in Article
V.

Section
10.10 Amendment; Waiver; Remedies. This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded, terminated or cancelled, and any of
the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by both
of the Parties.

41

(b) Everyright
and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy, whether conferred herein, at law, or in equity,
and may be enforced concurrently herewith, and no waiver by any Party of the performance of any obligation by the other shall be
construed as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore, or thereafter occurring or existing.

(c) Neitherany
failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder or in requiring satisfaction of any condition herein nor any course of
dealing shall constitute a waiver of or prevent any Party from enforcing any right or remedy or from requiring satisfaction of any
condition. No notice to or demand on a Party waives or otherwise affects any obligation of that Party or impairs any right of the
Party giving such notice or making such demand, including any right to take any action without notice or demand not otherwise
required by this Agreement. No exercise of any right or remedy with respect to a breach of this Agreement shall preclude exercise of
any other right or remedy, as appropriate to make the aggrieved Party whole with respect to such breach, or subsequent exercise of
any right or remedy with respect to any other breach.

Section
10.11 Limitation on Damages. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS FOR SPECIAL, GENERAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR
LOST OPPORTUNITY, EVEN IF THE PARTY SOUGHT TO BE HELD LIABLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Section
10.12 Arms Length Bargaining; No Presumption Against Drafter. This Agreement has been negotiated at arms-length
by parties of equal bargaining strength, each represented by counsel or having had but declined the opportunity to be represented by
counsel and having participated in the drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement creates no fiduciary or other special relationship
between the Parties, and no such relationship otherwise exists. No presumption in favor of or against any Party in the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof shall be made based upon which Person might have drafted this Agreement or such
provision.

Section
10.13 Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and shall not affect the rights of
the Parties.

Section
10.14 Assignment or Delegation. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. The Seller shall have no power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part,
this Agreement, or any of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any
claim for damages pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or
default of this Agreement, or any right arising from the purported assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder,
including by merger, consolidation, operation of law, or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other Buyer and any
such purported assignment in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or effect. The Buyer may,
upon notice to the Seller, elect to have a subsidiary of Buyer acquire the Assets in place of the Buyer, and in connection therewith
the Buyer may assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement, and any of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder to
such subsidiary of the Buyer as the Buyer hereunder, at which time the Parties shall execute an addendum to this
Agreement to reflect such assignment, to be in form and substance as reasonably agreed to by the Parties, and the Buyer shall
thereafter be released from any ongoing obligations hereunder to the extent sent forth in such addendum, provided that the Parties
acknowledge and agree that the Shares shall still be issued by Trio Petroleum Corp. at the Closing should it occur.

Section
10.15 Further Assurances. Each Party shall execute and deliver such documents and take such actions as may reasonably be requested
by any other Party hereto in order to effectuate the Transactions.

Section
10.16 Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this
Agreement of the other Transaction Documents were not performed by them in accordance with the terms hereof or were otherwise breached
and that each Party hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent
breaches of the provisions hereof or of the other Transaction Documents and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof or
of the other Transaction Documents, without the proof of actual damages, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at
law or in equity. Each Party agrees to waive any requirement for the security or posting of any bond in connection with any such equitable
remedy, and agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis
that (a) the other Party has an adequate remedy at law, or (b) an award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any
reason at law or equity.

Section
10.17 Counterparts This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all
of which taken together shall be but a single instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including
pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission
method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all
purposes.

[Signatures
Appear on Following Page]

42

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

By: /s/
Robin Ross

Name:
Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer Trio Petroleum Canada, Corp.

By: /s/
Robin Ross

Name:
Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer Novacor Exploration Ltd.

By: /s/
Douglas Forest

Name:
Douglas
Forest

Title: President

43
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

Loan
and Note Purchase Agreement

By and Among

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

And

Trio
Petroleum Canada, Corp.

Table
of Contents

Article I.Definitions and Interpretation 1

Section
1.01 Definitions. 1

Section
1.02 Interpretive
Provisions. 2

Article II.Loan; Purchase and Sale of Note 3

Section
2.01 Loan. 3

Section
2.02 Deliverables
at Closing. 3

Section
2.03 Closing. 3

Article III.Representations and Warranties of Trio-Canada 3

Section
3.01 Authorization
of Transactions. 3

Section
3.02 Governmental
Approvals; Non-contravention. 4

Section
3.03 Brokers. 4

Article IV.Representations and Warranties of Trio-Delaware 4

Section
4.01 Authorization
of Transactions. 4

Section
4.02 Governmental
Approvals; Non-contravention. 4

Section
4.03 Investment
Representations. 5

Section
4.04 Brokers. 6

Article V.Miscellaneous 6

Section
5.01 Indemnification;
Costs. 6

Section
5.02 Notices. 7

Section
5.03 Attorneys
Fees 7

Section
5.04 Amendments;
No Waivers; No Consequential Damages. 7

Section
5.05 Expenses. 8

Section
5.06 Further
Assurances. 8

Section
5.07 Successors
and Assigns; Benefit. 8

Section
5.08 Governing
Law; Etc. 8

Section
5.09 Survival. 9

Section
5.10 Severability. 9

Section
5.11 Entire
Agreement. 9

Section
5.12 Specific
Performance. 10

Section
5.13 Construction. 10

Section
5.14 Counterparts. 10

Exhibit
A Promissory
Note

i

Loan
and Note Purchase Agreement

Dated as of 4 April 2025

This
Loan and Note Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of the date set forth above (the Closing Date),
by and among (i) Trio Petroleum Corp., a Delaware corporation (Trio-Delaware); and (ii) Trio Petroleum Canada, Corp., an
Alberta, Canada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Trio-Delaware (Trio-Canada). Each of Trio- Canada and Trio-Delaware
may be referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS,
Trio-Canada has requested that Trio-Delaware provide to Trio-Canada the sum of $1,131,000, of which amount $585,000 will be used by Trio-Canada
to fund a portion of the consideration payable to Novacor Exploration Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations
Act (Seller) in connection with the acquisition of certain assets from Seller by Trio-Canada (the Project),
and with the remainder to be used for the ongoing operational costs of Trio-Canada, and such Project and use of proceeds has been approved
by the Board of Directors of Trio-Delaware to be provided as a loan to Trio-Canada;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledge and agreed, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

Article
I. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

Section
1.01 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms, as used herein, have the
following meanings:

(a) Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly Controls,
is Controlled by or is under common Control with, the specified Person.

(b) Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any legal holiday or a day on which
banking institutions in Delaware generally are authorized or required by Law or other governmental
actions to close.

(c) Control
means (a) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote 10% or more of the
securities or other equity interests of a Person having ordinary voting power, (b) the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of a Person, by contractor otherwise, or (c) being a director, officer, executor,
trustee or fiduciary (or their equivalents) of a Person or a Person that controls such Person.

(d) Governmental
Entity means any federal, state, municipal, local or foreign government and any court,
tribunal, arbitral body, administrative agency, department, subdivision, entity, commission
or other governmental, government appointed, quasi-governmental or regulatory authority,
reporting entity or agency, domestic, foreign or supranational.

(e) Law
means any applicable foreign, federal, state or local law (including common law), statute,
treaty, rule, directive, regulation, ordinances and similar provisions having the force or
effect of law or an Order of any Governmental Entity.

1

(f) Liabilities
means liabilities, obligations or responsibilities of any nature whatsoever, whether direct
or indirect, matured or un-matured, fixed or unfixed, known or unknown, asserted or un asserted,
choate or inchoate, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, absolute, contingent
or otherwise, including any direct or indirect indebtedness, guaranty, endorsement, claim,
loss, damage, deficiency, cost or expense.

(g) Lien
means, with respect to any property or asset, any lien, security interest, mortgage, pledge,
charge, claim, lease, agreement, right of first refusal, option, limitation on transfer or
use or assignment or licensing, restrictive easement, charge or any other restriction of
any kind, and any conditional sale or voting agreement or proxy, and including any restriction
on the ownership, use, voting, transfer, possession, receipt of income or other exercise
of any attributes of ownership, in respect of such property or asset, and any agreement to
give any of the foregoing.

(h) Order
means any judgment, writ, decree, determination, award, compliance agreement, settlement
agreement, injunction, ruling, charge, judicial or administrative order, determination or
other restriction of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator.

(i) Person
means a natural person, a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership, an association,
a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision
or any agency or instrumentality thereof.

(j) Securities
Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulation promulgated thereunder.

(k) Transactions
means the purchase and sale of the Note and the other transactions contemplated under the
Transaction Documents.

(l) Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Note and any other agreement, document, certificate
or writing delivered or to be delivered in connection with this Agreement and any other document
related to the Transactions related to the forgoing, including, without limitations, those
delivered at the Closing.

Section
1.02 Interpretive Provisions. Unless the express context otherwise requires, the words hereof, herein,
and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not
to any particular provision of this Agreement; terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural,
and vice versa; the terms Dollars and $ mean United States Dollars, unless otherwise specified herein; references
herein to a specific Section, Subsection, Recital or Exhibit shall refer, respectively, to Sections, Subsections, Recitals or Exhibits
of this Agreement; wherever the word include, includes, or including is used in this Agreement,
it shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; references herein to any gender shall include each other
gender; references herein to any Person shall include such Persons heirs, executors, personal representatives, administrators,
successors and assigns; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 1.02 is intended to authorize any assignment or transfer
not otherwise permitted by this Agreement; references herein to a Person in a particular capacity or capacities shall exclude such Person
in any other capacity; references herein to any contract or agreement (including this Agreement) mean such contract or agreement as amended,
supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof; with respect to the determination of any period of time,
the word from means from and including and the words to and until each means
to but excluding; references herein to any Law or any license mean such Law or license as amended, modified, codified,
reenacted, supplemented or superseded in whole or in part, and in effect from time to time; and references herein to any Law shall be
deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Article
II. LOAN; PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTE

Section
2.01 Loan.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Trio-Delaware hereby makes a loan to Trio-Canada
in the amount of One Million, One Hundred and Thirty One Thousand Dollars ($1,131,000) (the
Loan).

(b) The
Loan shall be evidenced by a promissory note of Trio-Canada payable to order of Trio- Delaware,
dated the Closing Date (as attached hereto as Exhibit A, and as may be amended, renewed,
increased, restated, replaced, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Note).

(c) $585,000
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be used by Trio-Canada to fund the completion of the Project,
with the remainder of the proceeds of the Loan to be used for the ongoing operational costs
of Trio-Canada.

Section
2.02 Deliverables at Closing.

(a) At
the Closing, Trio-Canada shall deliver to Trio-Delaware a copy of the Note, duly executed
by an authorized officer of Trio-Canada.

(b) At
the Closing, Trio-Delaware shall pay the Loan amount to Trio-Canada, via wire transfer pursuant
to instructions delivered to Trio-Delaware by Trio-Canada, and shall deliver to Trio-Canada
a copy of the Note, duly executed by an authorized officer of Trio-Delaware.

Section
2.03 Closing. On the terms set forth herein, the closing of the Transactions (the Closing) shall take place on the
Closing Date by conference call and electronic communication (i.e., emails/pdf) and exchange of the executed Transaction Documents.

Article
III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TRIO-CANADA

Trio-Canada
represents and warrants to Trio-Delaware that the following representations and warranties contained in this Article III are true and
correct as of the Closing Date:

Section
3.01 Authorization of Transactions. Trio-Canada is a corporation duly organized and in good standing in Alberta, Canada and has
the requisite power and capacity to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which it is are a party and to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by Trio-Canada of the applicable Transaction Documents and the consummation
of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Trio-Canada. The Transaction Documents
to which Trio-Canada is a party have been duly and validly executed and delivered by Trio-Canada. Each Transaction Document to which
Trio-Canada is a party constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of Trio-Canada, enforceable against Trio-Canada in accordance
with its terms and conditions, except to the extent enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other
Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights or by the principles governing the availability of equitable remedies.

3

Section
3.02 Governmental Approvals; Non-contravention.

(a) No
consent, Order, action or non-action of, or filing, notification, declaration or registration
with, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution, delivery or performance by
Trio-Canada of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which Trio-Canada is a
party.

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance by Trio-Canada of the Transaction Documents to which
Trio-Canada is a party, and the consummation by Trio-Canada of the Transactions, do not violate
any Laws or Orders to which Trio-Canada is subject or violate, breach or conflict with any
provision of Trio-Canada organizational documents.

Section
3.03 Brokers. Trio-Canada has not engaged, or caused to be incurred any Liability or obligation to, any investment banker, finder,
broker or sales agent or any other Person in connection with the origin, negotiation, execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, or the Transactions.

Article
IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TRIO-DELAWARE

Trio-Delaware
represents and warrants to Trio-Canada that the following statements contained in this Article IV are true and correct as of the Closing
Date:

Section
4.01 Authorization of Transactions. Trio-Delaware is a corporation duly organized and in good standing in the State of Delaware
and has the requisite power and capacity to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which it is are a party and to perform its
obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by Trio-Delaware of the applicable Transaction Documents
and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Trio-Delaware.
The Transaction Documents to which Trio-Delaware is a party have been duly and validly executed and delivered by Trio- Delaware. Each
Transaction Document to which Trio-Delaware is a party constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of Trio-Delaware, enforceable
against Trio-Delaware in accordance with its terms and conditions, except to the extent enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency or other Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights or by the principles governing the availability
of equitable remedies.

Section
4.02 Governmental Approvals; Non-contravention.

(a) No
consent, Order, action or non-action of, or filing, notification, declaration or registration
with, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution, delivery or performance by
Trio-Delaware of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which Trio- Delaware
is a party.

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance by Trio-Delaware of the Transaction Documents to which
Trio-Delaware is a party, and the consummation by Trio-Delaware of the Transactions, do not
violate any Laws or Orders to which Trio-Delaware is subject or violate, breach or conflict
with any provision of Trio-Delaware organizational documents.

4

Section
4.03 Investment Representations.

(a) Trio-Delaware
understands and agrees that the consummation of this Agreement including the delivery of
the Note as contemplated hereby constitute the offer and sale of securities under the Securities
Act and applicable state statutes and that the Note is being acquired for Trio-Delawares
own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof,
except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act.

(b) Trio-Delaware
is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act.

(c) Trio-Delaware
understands that the Note is being offered and sold to Trio-Delaware in reliance upon specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities
Laws and that Trio-Canada is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and Trio-Delawares
compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of Trio-Delaware set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions
and the eligibility of Trio-Delaware to acquire the Note.

(d) At
no time was Trio-Delaware presented with or solicited by any leaflet, newspaper or magazine
article, radio or television advertisement, or any other form of general advertising or solicited
or invited to attend a promotional meeting otherwise than in connection and concurrently
with such communicated offer. Trio-Delaware is not purchasing the Note acquired by Trio-Delaware
hereunder as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising,
as such terms are defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act, which includes, but is
not limited to, any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Note
acquired by Trio-Delaware hereunder published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media
or on the internet or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or presented at any
seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(e) Trio-Delaware
is acquiring the Note for Trio-Delawares own account as principal, not as a nominee
or agent, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to, or for, resale, distribution
or fractionalization thereof in whole or in part and no other person has a direct or indirect
beneficial interest in the Note. Further, Trio-Delaware does not have any contract, undertaking,
agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such
person or to any third person, with respect to the Note.

(f) Trio-Delaware,
either alone or together with Trio-Delawares representatives, has such knowledge,
sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Note, and has so evaluated the
merits and risks of such investment.

5

(g) Trio-Delaware
understands that until such time as the Note have been registered under the Securities Act
or may be sold pursuant to any applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number
of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Note may bear
a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be
placed against transfer of the certificates for such Note):

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THIS NOTE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE
HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT.

(h) Trio-Delaware
understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other governmental or state
agency has passed on or made recommendations or endorsement of the Note or the suitability
of the investment in the Note nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits
of the transactions set forth herein.

Section
4.04 Brokers. Trio-Delaware has not engaged any investment banker, finder, broker or sales agent or any other Person in connection
with the origin, negotiation, execution, delivery or performance of any Transaction Document to which it is a party, or the Transactions.

Article
V. MISCELLANEOUS

Section
5.01 Indemnification; Costs. In the event either Party is subject to any action, claim or proceeding resulting from the others
gross negligence or intentional breach of this Agreement or the Note, the Party at fault agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other
Party to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from any such action, claim or proceeding. Indemnification shall include all
fees, costs and reasonable attorneys fees that the indemnified Party may incur. In claiming indemnification hereunder, the indemnified
Party shall promptly provide the indemnifying Party written notice of any claim that the indemnified Party reasonably believes falls
within the scope of this Agreement. The indemnified Party may, at its expense, assist in the defense if it so chooses, provided that
the indemnifying Party shall control such defense, and all negotiations relative to the settlement of any such claim. Any settlement
intended to bind the indemnified Party shall not be final without the indemnified Partys written consent. Trio-Canada shall pay
to Trio- Delaware all costs of collection, including reasonable attorney fees Trio-Delaware may incur in enforcing this Agreement or
the Note.

6

Section
5.02 Notices. All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing. Notices may be served by certified or registered mail, postage
paid with return receipt requested; by private courier, prepaid; by other reliable form of electronic communication; or personally. Mailed
notices shall be deemed delivered five (5) days after mailing, properly addressed. Couriered notices shall be deemed delivered on the
date that the courier warrants that delivery will occur. Electronic communication notices shall be deemed delivered when receipt is either
confirmed by confirming transmission equipment or acknowledged by the addressee or its office. Personal delivery shall be effective when
accomplished. Any Party may change its address by giving notice, in writing, stating its new address, to the other Party. Subject to
the forgoing, notices shall be sent as follows:

If
to either Party, to:

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

Attn:
Robin Ross

5401
Business Park South, Suite 115

Bakersfield,
CA 93309

Email:
rross@triopetroleum.us

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Anthony,
Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC

Attn: John Cacomanolis

1700
Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

jcacomanolis@alclaw.com

Section
5.03 Attorneys Fees. In the event that any Party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure relief
from any default hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing Party shall be reimbursed by the losing Party for all costs, including reasonable
attorneys fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered therein.

Section
5.04 Amendments; No Waivers; No Consequential Damages.

(a) This
Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded, terminated or cancelled, and any of the terms,
covenants, representations, warranties or conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written
instrument executed by both of the Parties.

(b) Every
right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy, whether
conferred herein, at law, or in equity, and may be enforced concurrently herewith, and no
waiver by any Party of the performance of any obligation by another Party shall be construed
as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore, or thereafter occurring or
existing.

(c) Neither
any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder or in requiring satisfaction
of any condition herein nor any course of dealing shall constitute a waiver of or prevent
any Party from enforcing any right or remedy or from requiring satisfaction of any condition.
No notice to or demand on a Party waives or otherwise affects any obligation of that Party
or impairs any right of the Party giving such notice or making such demand, including any
right to take any action without notice or demand not otherwise required by this Agreement.
No exercise of any right or remedy with respect to a breach of this Agreement shall preclude
exercise of any other right or remedy, as appropriate to make the aggrieved Party whole with
respect to such breach, or subsequent exercise of any right or remedy with respect to any
other breach.

7

(d) Notwithstanding
anything else contained herein, no Party shall seek, nor shall any Party be liable for, consequential,
punitive or exemplary damages, under any tort, contract, equity, or other legal theory, with
respect to any breach (or alleged breach) of this Agreement or any provision hereof or any
matter otherwise relating hereto or arising in connection herewith.

Section
5.05 Expenses. Unless otherwise contemplated or stipulated by a Transaction Document, all costs and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement shall be paid by the Party incurring such cost or expense.

Section
5.06 Further Assurances. At and following the Closing, each Party shall execute and deliver such documents and other papers and
take such further action as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions of the Transaction Documents.

Section
5.07 Successors and Assigns; Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Trio-Canada shall not assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement, the Note
or any of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder or thereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim
for damages pursuant to this Agreement or the Note or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or
default of this Agreement or the Note, or any right arising from the Trio-Canada due performance of its obligations hereunder
or thereunder, including by merger, consolidation, operation of law, or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Trio- Delaware
and any such purported assignment in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or effect. Trio-Delaware
may assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement or the Note, or any of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder or
thereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for damages pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this Agreement or the Note, or any right arising from Trio-Delawares
due performance of its obligations hereunder or thereunder, whether by merger, consolidation, operation of law, or otherwise, without
the prior written consent of the Trio-Canada. Other than as specifically set forth herein, including in Section 5.01, nothing in this
Agreement shall confer on any Person other than the Parties, and their respective successors and assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations,
or Liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section
5.08 Governing Law; Etc.

(a) This
Agreement, and all matters based upon, arising out of or relating in any way to the Transactions
or the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims
and contract claims, shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced under and in
accordance with the substantive and procedural Laws of the State of Delaware in each case
as in effect from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied
to agreements performed wholly within the State of Delaware.

(B) VENUE
FOR ALL MATTERS RELATED HERETO OR ARISING PURSUANT TO THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS SHALL BE
IN THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, IN EACH CASE
LOCATED IN THE KERN COUNTY, CALIFORNIA (THE SELECTED COURTS). EACH OF THE PARTIES
IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS AND AGREES THAT ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN THE SELECTED COURTS.
BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO AND
ACCEPTS, WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE
JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURT, AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY
MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO OBJECT TO SUCH JURISDICTION.

8

(C) EACH
PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS, THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE FINANCINGS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B)
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS
AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 5.08(C). EACH OF THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT EACH HAS BEEN REPRESENTED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SIGNING
OF THE WAIVER ABOVE BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL SELECTED BY THE RESPECTIVE PARTY AND THAT SUCH PARTY HAS DISCUSSED THE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES
AND IMPORT OF THIS WAIVER WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. EACH OF THE PARTIES FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT EACH HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THE MEANING
OF SUCH WAIVER AND GRANTS THIS WAIVER KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, WITHOUT DURESS AND ONLY AFTER CONSIDERATION OF THE CONSEQUENCES OF THIS
WAIVER WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

Section
5.09 Survival. The representations and warranties in this Agreement shall survive the Closing for a period of 12 months from the
Maturity Date (as defined in the Note), and no claim for indemnification may be made after such time. All covenants and agreements in
this Agreement, and such provisions herein as required to give effect to the same, will survive until fully performed; provided, however,
that, nothing herein shall prevent a Party from making any claim hereunder, or relieve any other Party from any liability hereunder,
after such time for any breach thereof.

Section
5.10 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or
public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the Transactions is not affected in any manner adverse to any Party. Upon such determination that any
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the Transactions are fulfilled
to the extent possible.

9

Section
5.11 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written, between the Parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

Section
5.12 Specific Performance. Each Party agrees that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with the terms hereof and that each Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance of the terms hereof in addition
to any other remedy at law or in equity.

Section
5.13 Construction. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and will not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between language or amounts contained in
the body of this Agreement and language or amounts contained in the Exhibits attached hereto, the language or amounts in the body of
the Agreement shall control. References to Articles or Sections shall refer to those portions of this Agreement. The use of the terms
hereunder, hereof, hereto and words of similar import shall refer to this Agreement as a whole
and not to any particular Article, Section or clause of or Exhibit to this Agreement.

Section
5.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all
of which taken together shall be but a single instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf
or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and
any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Signature
page follows]

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the Closing Date.

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

By: /s/
Robin Ross

Name: Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Trio
Petroleum Canada, Corp.

By: /s/
Robin Ross

Name: Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Trio
acquires producing cash flow positive oil and gas assets in prolific heavy oil region of Saskatchewan Canada

Bakersfield,
CA, April 10, 2025 Trio Petroleum Corp (NYSE American: TPET) (Trio or the Company), a California-based
oil and gas company, today is pleased to announce that it has closed on certain petroleum and natural gas properties held by Novacor
Exploration Ltd. (Novacor). More specifically, TPET closed on Novacors TWP48 Assets which is expected to
be shortly followed by the closing on Novacors TWP47 assets. These assets are in the prolific Lloydminster, Saskatchewan heavy
oil region (the Acquisition). This acquisition could strategically position the Company to expand its operations
into one of North Americas most promising heavy oil basins, with upside potential for long term production and reserve growth.
Since the Novacor assets are in the heavy oil area, they offer economic development and low operational costs. Market accessibility combined
with a favorable regulatory process makes this area very attractive for continued and future development within these lands.

As
reported by the Companys press release on December 19, 2024, the Novacor assets are located at the South-West quarter of Section
19, Township 47, Range 26W3M and the Northeast Section 3, Township 48, Range 24W3M, both in the Lloydminster, Saskatchewan area. There
are currently seven producing wells located on the two properties. Production from the wells in Section 19 is subject to Freehold Royalties
of 13.5% and a GORR of 2%, and production from the wells in Section 3 is subject to Freehold Royalties of 15%. The wells produce heavy
crude oil from the McLaren/Sparky and Lloydminster formation(s). Novacor is the operator of these cash flow positive wells. Current production
is approximately 70 barrels per day with potential for 4 additional re-entry wells and two fully equipped locations to be reactivated
each capable of an additional 70 barrels in total per day. All the foregoing information was derived from reports provided to the Company
by Novacor.

Additionally,
a Reserve Report was prepared in August 2024 by Petrotech and Associates detailing 91.5MBBL for total proved and probable oil of those
wells currently being produced. Novacor has identified further potential upside in the Sparky GP thru some multi-lateral drill opportunities.

Important
in this acquisition is Novacors ability to address recent fluctuations in global oil prices and their limited impact on the companys
operations. Novacor will continue as operator of the assets Trio is acquiring. While market volatility is inherent in the energy sector,
Novacors strategic focus on operational efficiency and low lift costs provides a significant buffer against downward price pressures.

Novacors
current lift cost stands at a competitive CDN $10.00 per barrel. This low operational expenditure will help ensure Trio maintains strong
profitability even in a lower oil price environment. Their commitment to cost management and efficient production techniques will allow
the Company to navigate market fluctuations with greater resilience compared to companies with higher operating costs.

Commented
Robin Ross, Chief Executive Officer of Trio, Novacor has always prioritized operational excellence and fiscal responsibility as
their low lift costs are a testament to this commitment and will provide us with a significant advantage in the current market. While
we are mindful of global economic trends and their potential influence on commodity prices, our fundamental strength moving forward will
be in our ability to produce oil economically.

As
i mentioned previously, we are excited to acquire an initial footprint in this very lucrative oil and gas area of Canada and home to
some of the largest players in the industry such as Cenovus Energy, Canadian Natural Resources, Baytex Energy, Rife Resources and many
others who have made Heavy Oil a staple of their operation, and where numerous opportunities to acquire additional highly economic fields
exist. Trios relationship with Novacor is very important, because Novacor has a long history of oil and gas development in the
area. Trios plan is to aggressively grow its footprint in the area utilizing Novacor as an operator of the assets. We are looking
forward to a long and prosperous relationship with Novacor. We will continue to seek opportunities for strategic growth and optimization
with Novacors operational efficiencies and are confident to deliver consistent value to our shareholders through a disciplined
approach to operations and cost management.

Mr.
Ross continued, Our focus remains on acquiring projects that generate immediate cash flow or offer transformative growth potential
with strategic investment. We believe that this approach aligns with our long-term vision of creating exponential value while managing
risk and resources effectively.

Terms
of the Acquisition

The
stated purchase price of the Acquisition is US$650,000 in cash paid in two tranches, and 526,536 in shares of common stock of Trio, which
we agree to use our commercially reasonable efforts to register for resale in a registration statement filed with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission. The Company paid Novacor a good faith deposit of $65,000, which is being applied to the cash portion of the
purchase price on the initial closing.

About
Trio Petroleum Corp

Trio
Petroleum Corp is an oil and gas exploration and development company in California, Utah, and Saskatchewan, Canada.

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

All
statements in this press release of Trio Petroleum Corp (Trio) and its representatives and partners that are not based
on historical fact are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Acts). In particular, when used in the preceding discussion, the words estimates, believes,
hopes, expects, intends, on-track, plans, anticipates,
or may, and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Acts and are subject to the safe harbor created by the Acts. Any statements made in this news release other than those of historical
fact, about an action, event or development, are forward-looking statements. While management has based any forward-looking statements
contained herein on its current expectations, the information on which such expectations were based may change. These forward-looking
statements rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors,
many of which are outside of the Trios control, that could cause actual results to materially and adversely differ from such statements.
Such risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, but are not necessarily limited to, those set forth in the Risk Factors sections
of the Trio reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies of such documents are available on the SECs
website, www.sec.gov. Trio undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this
release, except as required by law.

Investor
Relations Contact:

Redwood Empire Financial Communications

Michael Bayes

(404) 809 4172

michael@redwoodefc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tpet-20250404.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tpet-20250404_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tpet-20250404_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003622-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001898766 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001898766 
8-K 
2025-04-04 
Trio Petroleum Corp. 
DE 
001-41643 
87-1968201 
5401 Business Park South 
Suite 115 
Bakersfield 
CA 
93309 
(661) 
324-3911 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41643

Entity Registrant Name Trio
Petroleum Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001898766

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-1968201

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5401
Business Park South

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 115

Entity Address, City or Town Bakersfield

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 93309

City Area Code (661)

Local Phone Number 324-3911

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://trio-petroleum.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
tpet-20250404.xsd 
tpet-20250404_lab.xml 
tpet-20250404_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>