<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005263.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005263.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417170026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005263
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANGOCEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001938046
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISC HEALTH & ALLIED SERVICES, NEC [8090]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				873841292
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41615
		FILM NUMBER:		25848133

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15110 DALLAS PKWY, SUITE 600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75248
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(833) 626-4679

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15110 DALLAS PKWY, SUITE 600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75248
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000193804600019380462025-04-112025-04-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): April
11, 2025

MANGOCEUTICALS,
INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Texas 001-41615 87-3841292

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

15110 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 600

Dallas, Texas 75248

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (214)242-9619

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 Par Value Per Share MGRX 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a
Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement

On April 11, 2025, Mangoceuticals,
Inc., a Texas corporation (the Company, we and us), agreed to definitive
terms on a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA), with an institutional accredited investor (the Purchaser),
pursuant to which the Company sold the Purchaser, and the Purchaser purchased from the Company: 100 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock of the Company (Series B Preferred Stock) for $100,000.

The SPA closed on April 11, 2025,
and provided that until the 18th month anniversary of the closing date of the SPA, the Purchaser has the right to participate
in any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of common stock or common stock equivalents or any offering of debt or any other
type of financing, or a combination thereof (other certain customary exempt issuances)(each a Subsequent Financing),
in an amount not to exceed the amount of the Purchasers subscription, on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the
Subsequent Financing.

The SPA contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants by the Company (including a restriction on entering into any variable rate transaction for a period of 180 days
from the closing date of the SPA), customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Purchaser, other
obligations of the parties and termination provisions.

This Current Report on Form 8-K
shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation to buy nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state or jurisdiction.

The terms of the Companys
Series B Preferred Stock, which each have a stated value of $1,100 per share, are described in greater detail in the Current Reports on
Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 11, 2024, July 2, 2024 and March 17, 2025, which description
is incorporated by reference herein.

The foregoing description of the
SPA and Series B Preferred Stock, is only a summary of the material terms of such agreements/filings and does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreements/filings, which are filed or incorporated by reference
as Exhibits 10.1, 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3 respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein
by reference.

Promissory Note

On April 15, 2025, the Company borrowed $500,000 from
Indigo Capital LP (the Holder), which loan was evidenced by a Promissory Note dated April 15, 2025 (the Promissory
Note). The Promissory Note bears interest at 18% per annum, compounded monthly, with accrued interest payable in full on the
maturity date, subject to acceleration and prepayment terms as described below.

The Promissory Note matures on
the earlier of (i) April 15, 2026 (the Stated Maturity Date), (ii) the date on which the Holder provides written
notice of acceleration following an event of default or other specified triggering event, and (iii) five (5) business days following the
closing of a Qualified Funding (a Mandatory Prepayment). Qualified Financing means a fundraising
by the Company, other than in connection with the sale of notes on substantially similar terms as this Promissory Note, after the date
of the Promissory Note, for the principal purpose of raising capital.

Under the terms of the Promissory
Note, the Company may prepay the outstanding obligations under the Promissory Note in whole or in part at any time prior to the Maturity
Date, subject to a prepayment premium equal to the amount of interest which would have accrued had the Promissory Note been outstanding
(and accruing interest) until the Stated Maturity Date (the Prepayment Premium). The Company is also required to
make the Prepayment Premium upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment.

Upon an event of default, including
nonpayment, breach of covenants, material misrepresentation, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, or dissolution, among others, the outstanding
amount of the Promissory Note automatically increases to (a) the then principal amount thereof, plus (b) a default amount, equal to the
amount of interest which would have accrued had the Promissory Note been outstanding (and accruing interest) until the Stated Maturity
Date, minus accrued interest through the date of the occurrence of the event of default. The Holder may, upon such default, declare all
outstanding obligations immediately due and payable (including the default amount discussed above, and all accrued and unpaid interest).

The Promissory Note contains customary
representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and negative covenants for a transaction of this nature. The Companys obligations
under the Promissory Note are unsecured.

The foregoing description of the
Promissory Note does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Promissory Note,
a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.2, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The disclosure set forth in Item
1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K under the heading Promissory Note, is incorporated into this Item
2.03 by reference in its entirety. The Companys entry into the Promissory Note represents a direct financial obligation in
the principal amount of $500,000, plus applicable interest, fees, and potential prepayment premiums and default payments, as described
above.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth in Item
1.01 above under the heading Securities Purchase Agreement, is incorporated herein by reference.

The sale of the Series B Preferred
Stock as discussed above, was exempt from registration pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2), and/or
Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act, since the foregoing issuance did not involve a public offering, the recipient took the
securities for investment and not resale, we took appropriate measures to restrict transfer, and the recipient was (a) an accredited
investor; and/or (b) had access to similar documentation and information as would be required in a Registration Statement under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The securities are subject to transfer restrictions,
and the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may
not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. The securities were not registered under the Securities
Act and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the
Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.

If the Series B Preferred Stock
shares sold on April 11, 2025, were converted in full based on an aggregate stated value of $110,000, a maximum of 73,333 shares of common
stock would be due to the holders thereof, based on a Conversion Price of $1.50 per share.

Item 9.01 Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Mangoceuticals, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on March 28, 2024 (Filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, and incorporated by reference herein)

3.2 Amendment to Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Mangoceuticals, Inc., submitted to the Secretary of State of Texas on June 27, 2024 (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 2, 2024, and incorporated by reference herein)

3.3 Amendment to Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Mangoceuticals, Inc., submitted to the Secretary of State of Texas on March 17, 2025 (Filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 19, 2025, and incorporated by reference herein)

10.1* Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 11, 2025, relating to the sale of 100 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock

10.2* Promissory Note dated April 15, 2025, evidencing $500,000 owed by Mangoceuticals, Inc. to Indigo Capital LP

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).

* Filed herewith.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

MANGOCEUTICALS, INC.

Date: April 17, 2025 By: /s/ Jacob D. Cohen

Jacob D. Cohen

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of April 11, 2025 between Mangoceuticals, Inc. (the
Corporation or Company), a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Texas (the
Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally
and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

$
means the U.S. dollar.

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Aggregate
Subscription Amount means $100,000

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed
to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York
are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate
of Designation has the meaning given it in the definition of Series B Preferred Stock.

Closing
and Closings have the meaning given to such terms in Section 2.1(b).

Closing
Amount has the meaning ascribed to such term in the table set forth in Section 2.2(b).

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Closing Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

1

Closing
Schedule has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Closing
Securities means Series B Preferred Stock with an initial Stated Value (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) of $1,100
per share.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Lucosky Brookman LLP.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time)
and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following
the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Purchasers, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on
the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Purchasers.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, preferred stock, options, restricted stock units or other equity-based
awards to employees, consultants, officers or directors of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to any compensation plan duly adopted
for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of
non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, provided that any such preferred stock will
have fixed conversion terms, and will be subject, to the extent required, to approval by the stockholders of the Company in accordance
with the rules of the Trading Market and will be approved by the independent members of the Board of Directors of the Company, (b) securities
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions (including, without limitation, joint venture, co-marketing,
co-development or other collaboration agreements) approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that
such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that
require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a)
herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through
its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide
to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is
issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (d)
securities issued to third-party service providers provided, further, that such securities are issued as restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144).

2

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred
Stock means the preferred stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value.

Preferred
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Preferred Stock.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares and shares of Common Stock underlying the Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series
B Preferred Stock means Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value, issued and issuable pursuant
to the terms of the Certificate of Designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Texas (the Certificate of
Designation) and any capital stock into which such Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall have been changed or any share
capital resulting from a reclassification of such Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

3

Shares
means the shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall
not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United
States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto, the Certificate of Designation in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust, LLC, 1 University Plaza, Suite 505, Hackensack, NJ, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.

(a)
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing the Company shall issue and sell to each Purchaser, and
each Purchaser shall, severally and not jointly, purchase from the Company, the Preferred Stock representing such Purchasers Subscription
Amount, in accordance with the installments as set forth in the Closing Schedule of Section 2.1(b) below (the Closing Schedule).
The Closing shall take place at the offices of Lucosky Brookman LLP (LB), 101 Wood Avenue South, Woodbridge, New
Jersey 088306 on the applicable Closing Date or at such other location or time as the parties may agree.

(b)
Subject to Sections 2.2(a) and (b) of this Agreement, as applicable, the closing of the issuance and purchase of the Shares
shall consist of a closing as set out in the below closing schedule (the Closing Schedule) (the Closing),
on a date specified by the parties herein upon the fulfillment of the conditions as set forth in Sections 2.2(a) and (b) of
this Agreement, as applicable.

Initial
Stated Value of

Preferred Stock to 

be issued Aggregate
Purchase 

Price (USD) 

Closing $ 110,000 $ 100,000 

4

2.2 Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers;

(iii)
the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(v)
a certificate evidencing a number of Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Aggregate Subscription
Amount, multiplied by the Closing Amount, divided by $1,000, registered in the name of such Purchaser; and

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the
Company or its designee.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a
specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed in all material respects; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have
been performed in all material respects;

5

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the applicable Closing Date trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported
by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York
State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international
calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable
judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the applicable Securities at the applicable Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly
or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive
and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and, to the Companys knowledge, no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking,
limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party and otherwise to carry out
its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by
the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders
in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document
to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws
relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

6

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Shares and the Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required
thereby, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required
Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company
other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company
as of the date hereof. Except as listed on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital stock since the filing of its most
recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or settlement of
restricted stock units, the issuance of equity-based awards pursuant to the Companys equity compensation plans and pursuant to
the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the filing date of the most recently filed periodic report
under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate
in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents which has not been or will be waived prior to or concurrent with the applicable
Closing. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no
outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities,
rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire,
any shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents, Preferred
Stock or Preferred Stock Equivalents or the capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities and the issuance
of securities upon the conversion or exercise of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or
instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such
security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements,
voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to
the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

7

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof,
for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred
to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has
filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the
SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission
with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved d (GAAP), except
as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not
contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that
has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed
in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or
made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase
or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate,
except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential
treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance,
occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries
or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed
by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed
at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

8

(j)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an
Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction
Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action
involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has
not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the
Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each of clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

9

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid and marketable
rights to lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property
and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii)
Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP
and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company
and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are
in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to do so could have a Material Adverse
Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice
(written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire
or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received,
since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has
any knowledge that the operation of their respective businesses violates or infringes upon the intellectual property rights of any Person,
except as could not have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual
Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The
Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their
intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that
it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors
of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary, bonus or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of
the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including equity-based award agreements under any equity compensation plans of the Company.

10

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with
any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and which
the Company and the Subsidiaries are required to comply with, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the
Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as applicable. Except as disclosed in the
SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys
certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as
of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(v), no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary
to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the
Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such
registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice
from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Following the applicable Closing hereunder, the Company has no reason
to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Common Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock are currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or
another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other
established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

11

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company
and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this
Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press
releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all
outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments.
For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in
excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and
other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
any Indebtedness.

12

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed, or secured all extensions for the filing of, all
applicable United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required
by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material
in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably
adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply.
There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the
Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is Turner, Stone & Company, L.L.P. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall
express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2023.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) in this Agreement, none of the
Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long, securities
of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

13

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(hh)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(ii)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys equity compensation plan was granted (i)
in accordance with the terms of the Companys equity compensation plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair
market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option
granted under the Companys equity compensation plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no
and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of
stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their
financial results or prospects.

(jj)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(kk)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(ll)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA), and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total
equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject
to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(mm)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance
with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator
involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any
Subsidiary, threatened.

14

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as applicable, to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities otherwise in compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, it will be an
accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under
the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities, and any such questions have been answered to the satisfaction of
such Purchaser; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties,
management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information
that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision
with respect to the investment.

15

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time of the definitive
pricing of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Legends.

(a)
The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement, to the Company, to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge
as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel
selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act.

(b)
Certificates evidencing Securities will contain the following legend, until such time as they are not required under the federal securities
laws:

[NEITHER
THESE SECURITIES NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED] [THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED] WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND
IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE
SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. [THESE SECURITIES AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE
SECURITIES] [THESE SECURITIES] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

16

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge, and/or grant a security interest in some or all of the
Securities pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement in connection with a bona fide margin account and, if required under the terms of
such agreement or account, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge
or transfer would not be subject to approval or consent of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel to the pledgee, secured
party or pledgor shall be required in connection with the pledge, but such legal opinion may be required in connection with a subsequent
transfer following default by the Purchaser transferee of the pledge. Any Securities subject to a pledge or security interest as contemplated
by this Section 4.1(b) shall continue to bear the legend set forth in this Section 4.1(b) and be subject to the restrictions
on transfer set forth in Section 4.1(a).

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. Until the earlier of the time that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain
extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the
date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and
regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless
shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of
the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the
Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral,
between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates or agents,
on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or
effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make
any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the
prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or
delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with
prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name
of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market,
without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of
final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations,
in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably
cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

17

4.6 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agents not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable
law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on
the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for marketing expenditures, inventory
purchases, and other working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys
debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption
of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation, or (d) in violation of FCPA or
OFAC regulations.

4.8 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents,
members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may
have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be
liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim,
damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

18

4.9 Reservation
of Capital Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at
all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Transaction Documents. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and
the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue shares of Common Stock issuable upon any conversion of the Series B Preferred
Stock.

4.10 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares and the Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing
of all of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares and the Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company
further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application
all of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares and the Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is
necessary to cause all of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares and the Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted
on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all reasonable action necessary to continue the listing
and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other
obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to take all reasonable action to maintain the eligibility
of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including,
without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection
with such electronic transfer.

4.11 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a)
Intentionally Deleted.

(b)
From the date hereof until one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or
entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents,
Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction, except for
an equity line of credit. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells
any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional
shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based
upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock at any time after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some
future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly
or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or Preferred Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects
a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue
securities at a future determined price, except for equity lines of credit. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief
against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate
Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance.

19

4.12 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any Person to
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered
to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to
each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as
a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition
or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.13 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time
that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4,
such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure
Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything
contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4,
(ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with
applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, except for Short Sales and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any
duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their
respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, or agent after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply
with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered
by this Agreement.

4.14 Reserved

4.15 Participation
in Future Financings.

(a)
From the date hereof until the date that is the eighteen- (18-) month anniversary of the Closing Date, upon any issuance by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or any offering of debt or any other type of financing, or a combination
thereof (other than an Exempt Issuance) (a Subsequent Financing), each Purchaser shall have the right to participate
in the Subsequent Financing in an amount not to exceed its Subscription Amount on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in
the Subsequent Financing.

(b)
Between the time period of 4:00 pm (New York City time) and 6:00 pm (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to the
Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Financing (or, if the Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent
Financing is the first Trading Day following a holiday or a weekend (including a holiday weekend), between the time period of 4:00 pm
(New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to such holiday or weekend and 2:00 pm (New York City time) on the day immediately
prior to the Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Financing), the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser a written
notice of the Companys intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (a Subsequent Financing Notice), which
notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised
thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a term
sheet and transaction documents relating thereto as an attachment.

20

(c)
If the Purchaser desires to participate in such Subsequent Financing, it must provide written notice to the Company by 6:30 am (New York
City time) on the Trading Day following the date on which the Subsequent Financing Notice is delivered to the Purchaser (the Notice
Termination Time) that the Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of the Purchasers
participation, and representing and warranting that the Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the
terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from the Purchaser as of such Notice Termination
Time, the Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate in such Subsequent Financing.

(d)
If, by the Notice Termination Time, notification by the Purchaser of its election to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause
its designees to participate) is less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Company may effect the remaining portion
of such Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

(e)
The Company must provide the Purchaser with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchaser will again have the right of participation
set forth above in this Section 4.15, if the definitive agreement related to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice is not entered into
for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within two (2) Trading Days after the date of delivery of the
initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

(f)
The Company and the Purchaser agree that, if the Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the transaction documents
related to the Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision that, directly or indirectly, will, or is intended to, exclude
the Purchaser from participating in a Subsequent Financing, including, but not limited to, provisions whereby the Purchaser shall be
required to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any of the Securities purchased hereunder or be required to consent to any amendment
to or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the prior written
consent of the Purchaser. In addition, the Company and the Purchaser agree that, in connection with a Subsequent Financing, the transaction
documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall include a requirement for the Company to issue a widely disseminated press release
by 9:30 am (New York City time) on the Trading Day of execution of the transaction documents in such Subsequent Financing (or, if the
date of execution is not a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day) that discloses the material terms of the transactions
contemplated by the transaction documents in such Subsequent Financing.

(g)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.15 and unless otherwise agreed to by the Purchaser, the Company shall either
confirm in writing to the Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned or shall publicly
disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner such that the Purchaser will
not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by 9:30 am (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Trading Day following
date of delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice. If by 9:30 am (New York City time) on such second (2nd) Trading Day, no public disclosure
regarding a transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction
has been received by the Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and the Purchaser shall not be deemed to
be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.15 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.16
Compliance with Rules of Trading Market. The Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement
or any of the Transaction Documents if such issuance or sale would reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a violation of the Securities
Act; or (ii) a breach of the rules of the Trading Market. The provisions of this Section 4.16 shall be implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4.16 only if necessary to ensure compliance with the Securities Act and the
applicable rules of the Trading Market. The limitations contained in this Section 4.16 may not be waived by the Company or any Purchaser.

21

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been
consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing,
if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the
extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K, except in the event such notice constitutes a Subsequent Financing Notice.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which hold at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares outstanding at such time
(or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any
such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser
(or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required.
No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing
waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall
any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed
amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to
the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser.
Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the
Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities,
by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

22

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents),
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party
hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the
obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closings and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of
a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to
any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company
for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant
(including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

23

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or
are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company
and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have
been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Series B Preferred Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward
stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Series B Preferred Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

24

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Mangoceuticals,
Inc. Address
for Notice:

15110
Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas 75248

E-Mail:
jacob@mangorx.com

By: 

Name: Jacob Cohen 

Title: CEO 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

25

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO MGRX SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: _______________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: ________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser: _____________________________________________________________

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

Warrant
Shares: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN
Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed
to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of
the Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to the Closing shall be
disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii)
any condition to the Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required
delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable)
shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable)
to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing
Date.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

PROMISSORY
NOTE

$500,000 April
15, 2025

NOW
THEREFORE FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Mangoceuticals, Inc., a Texas corporation (the Borrower),
hereby promises to pay to the order of _______________________________ (the Holder), Five Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($500,000) (the Amount Outstanding), plus Interest and other amounts thereon and as applicable,
as discussed below, in lawful money of the United States of America, which shall be legal tender, bearing interest and payable as provided
herein. This Note evidences and documents $500,000 loaned by the Holder to the Borrower on or around April 15, 2025.

1.
Effective Date. This Promissory Note (this Note or Promissory Note)
is entered into on, and effective on, April 15, 2025 (the Effective Date).

2.
Defined Terms. Certain capitalized terms used below have the meanings given to such terms in Section 17.

3.
Interest. The Principal amount of this Note shall accrue interest based on the Standard Interest Rate, compounded at the end
of each calendar month (Standard Interest), beginning at the end of the first calendar month following the
Effective Date (Monthly Interest). All Monthly Interest shall accrue and be payable on the Maturity Date.
If not paid in full on the Maturity Date and/or if an Event of Default occurs hereunder, the Amount Outstanding (which shall increase
automatically to the Default Amount upon an Event of Default) and Accrued Interest shall accrue interest at the Default Interest Rate,
compounded monthly (at the end of each calendar month), until paid in full (Default Interest, and together
with Standard Interest, Interest). All computations of Interest shall be made on the basis of twelve 30-day
months and where applicable, for the actual number of days elapsed.

4.
Maturity Date. The Maturity Date of this Note shall be the earlier of:

(a)
April 15, 2026 (the Stated Maturity Date);

(b)
the date that the Holder has provided Borrower written notice of an Acceleration (or if applicable, the date the amount due hereunder
is automatically subject to Acceleration); and

(c)
five (5) Business Days after the closing of a Qualified Funding (the Mandatory Prepayment Date).

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 1 of 11

5.
Optional Prepayments. This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part, at any time and from time prior to the Maturity Date (each
a Prepayment), provided that if paid prior to the Stated Maturity Date, a prepayment premium/make-whole premium
payment equal to (A) the Make Whole Amount, minus (B) the total Accrued Interest as such Prepayment date (which shall also be due at
the time of such Prepayment), shall be due at the time of such repayment (the Prepayment Premium), together
with all Accrued Interest through such Prepayment date. The Borrower and Holder agree that the Prepayment Premium shall not be deemed
interest under Texas law.

6.
Mandatory Prepayment. This Note shall be repaid by the Company, together with all Accrued Interest on the Mandatory Prepayment
Date, together with a prepayment premium/make-whole premium payment equal to (A) the Make Whole Amount, minus (B) the total Accrued Interest
as such Mandatory Prepayment date (which Accrued Interest shall also be due at the time of such Mandatory Prepayment)(the Mandatory
Prepayment Premium). The Borrower and Holder agree that the Mandatory Prepayment Premium shall not be deemed interest
under Texas law.

7.
Application of Payments. Unless an Event of Default under this Note has occurred and is continuing, all payments made by Borrower
under this Note will be applied: (i) first, to late charges, costs of collection or enforcement, and similar amounts due, if any, under
the Note; (ii) second, to Accrued Interest that is due and payable under this Note, if any; and (iii) third, the remainder to Amount
Outstanding (or Default Amount, as applicable) due and payable under this Note. If an Event of Default under this Note has occurred and
is continuing, all payments made by Borrower under this Note will be applied to the sums due under this Note in any order or combination
that Holder may determine, in its sole discretion. Holders records shall be conclusive evidence, absent manifest error, of the
amount outstanding under this Note at any time.

8.
Payments Due on Non-Business Days. If any payment of Amount Outstanding, prepayment amount, the Default Amount or Interest
on this Note shall become due on a non-Business Day, such payment shall be made on the preceding Business Day.

9.
No Impairment of Obligations of Borrower. No provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of Borrower to pay
the Amount Outstanding, any prepayment amount, or Default Amount (as applicable) and Interest on this Note at the times, places and rates,
and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

10.
Maximum Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note or any other agreement entered into in connection
herewith, whether now existing or hereafter arising and whether written or oral, it is agreed that the aggregate of all Interest and
any other charges constituting interest, or adjudicated as constituting interest, and contracted for, chargeable or receivable under
this Note or otherwise in connection with this loan transaction, shall under no circumstances exceed the Maximum Rate.

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 2 of 11

11.
Representations and Warranties of Borrower. The Borrower represents and warrants to Holder as of the date of this Note, as
follows:

(a)
The Borrower is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its jurisdiction
of organization and has the requisite power and authority, and the legal right, to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and
to conduct its business as it is now being conducted.

(b)
The Borrower has the power and authority, and the legal right, to execute and deliver this Note and to perform its obligations hereunder.

(c)
No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by, or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person
is required in order for the Borrower to execute, deliver, or perform any of its obligations under this Note, except for consents previously
obtained and any filings with Governmental Authorities which may be made after the date of this Note.

(d)
The execution and delivery of this Note and the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will
not (a) violate any provision of the Borrowers organizational documents; (b) violate any law or order applicable to the Borrower
or by which any of its properties or assets may be bound; or (c) constitute a default under any Material Agreement by which the Borrower
may be bound.

(e)
The execution and delivery by the Borrower of this Note (i) are within the Borrowers power and authority, and (ii) have been duly
authorized by all necessary action.

(f)
This Note is a legally binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof, except
to the extent that (i) such enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws relating to
or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights, and (ii) the availability of the remedy of specific performance or
injunctive or other equitable relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought.

(g)
Borrower has no Knowledge of any current Event of Default (as defined below) under this Note or any matter which with the passing of
time could become an Event of Default.

(h)
No litigation, action, investigation, event, or proceeding is pending or, to Borrowers Knowledge is threatened, by any Person
or Governmental Authority against the Borrower.

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 3 of 11

12.
Holder represents and warrants to the Borrower,
and agrees, as follows (collectively the Representations):

(a)
This Note is being acquired for investment for the Holders
own account, not as a nominee or agent.

(b)
Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial
and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the acquisition of the Note.

(c)
In connection with the purchase of the Notes, the Holder
has consulted its legal, accounting, regulatory, and tax advisors to the extent such Holder has deemed appropriate.

(d)
Holder is an accredited investor
as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(e)
Holder has carefully considered and has, to the extent
he, she or it, believes such discussion necessary, discussed with his professional, legal, tax and financial advisors, the suitability
of an investment in the Note for his, her or its, particular tax and financial situation and his, her or its, respective advisers, if
such advisors were deemed necessary, have determined that the Securities are a suitable investment for him, her or it.

13.
Affirmative Covenants of Borrower. Until all amounts outstanding in this Note have been paid in full, the Borrower shall:

(a)
(i) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its corporate existence and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all
rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business; except in each case where the failure
to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)
Comply with (i) all of the terms and provisions of its organizational documents; (ii) its obligations under this Note; and (iii) all
laws and orders applicable to it and its business; except in each case where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)
Promptly execute and deliver such further instruments and do or cause to be done such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or
advisable, upon advice of counsel to the Borrower, to carry out the intent and purpose of this Note.

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 4 of 11

14.
Events of Defaults. If an Event of Default (as defined herein) occurs (unless all Events of Default have been cured or waived
by Holder), the Amount Outstanding shall automatically increase to the Default Amount, and the Default Amount and Accrued Interest under
this Note shall accrue Interest at the Default Interest Rate until paid in full, (a) Holder may, by written notice to the Borrower, declare
the Default Amount and the Accrued Interest, and all other amounts payable on, this Note to be immediately due and payable, if an Event
of Default is triggered by any section below other than any of Sections (e)(i) through (vi), and (b) if the Event of Default
is triggered by any of Sections (e)(i) through (vi) below, the Default Amount and the Accrued Interest, and all other amounts
payable on, this Note, shall be immediately due and payable (as applicable (a) or (b), an Acceleration).
The following events and/or any other Events of Default defined elsewhere in this Note are Events of Default
under this Note:

(a)
the Borrower shall fail to pay, when and as due, the Amount Outstanding, any prepayment amount, or Interest, payable hereunder, and such
failure shall not have been cured within ten (10) days following the written notice thereof from the Holder to the Borrower; or

(b)
the Borrower shall have breached in any material respect any term, condition or covenant in this Note, and, with respect to breaches
capable of being cured, such breach shall not have been cured within ten (10) Business Days following the written notice thereof from
the Holder to the Borrower, as applicable; or

(c)
any material representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant
hereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect as of the date made; or

(d)
the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect which is not cured by the Borrower within ten (10) Business Days; or

(e)
the Borrower shall: (i) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, file a petition in bankruptcy, petition or apply to any tribunal
for the appointment of a custodian, receiver or a trustee for it or a substantial portion of its assets; (ii) commence any proceeding
under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation or statute of any jurisdiction, whether
now or hereafter in effect; (iii) have filed against it any such petition or application in which an order for relief is entered or which
remains undismissed for a period of ninety (90) days or more; (iv) indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such petition,
application, proceeding or order for relief or the appointment of a custodian, receiver or trustee for it or a substantial portion of
its assets; or (v) suffer any such custodianship, receivership or trusteeship to continue undischarged for a period of ninety (90) days
or more; or

(f)
the dissolution or liquidation of Borrower; or

(g)
the Borrower shall take any action authorizing, or in furtherance of, any of the foregoing.

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 5 of 11

15.
Rights Upon the Occurrence of an Event of Default. In case any one or more Events of Default shall occur and be continuing,
Holder may proceed to protect and enforce its rights by an action at law, suit in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for
the specific performance of any agreement contained herein or for an injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof, or in
aid of the exercise of any power granted hereby or thereby or by law or otherwise. No course of dealing and no delay on the part of Holder
in exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice Holders rights, powers or remedies.
No right, power or remedy conferred by this Note upon Holder shall be exclusive of any other right, power or remedy referred to herein
or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.

16.
Maximum Rate. If from any circumstance any holder of this Note shall ever receive Interest or any other charges constituting
interest, or adjudicated as constituting interest, the amount, if any, which would exceed the Maximum Rate shall be applied to the reduction
of the Amount Outstanding, any prepayment amount, or Default Amount owing on this Note, and not to the payment of Interest; or if such
excessive interest exceeds the unpaid balance of Amount Outstanding (or Default Amount) or any prepayment amount, hereof, the amount
of such excessive interest that exceeds the unpaid balance of Amount Outstanding (or Default Amount) and any prepayment amount, hereof
shall be refunded to Borrower. In determining whether or not the interest paid or payable exceeds the Maximum Rate, to the extent permitted
by applicable law (i) any non-Amount Outstanding (or Default Amount) payment or any prepayment amount, shall be characterized as an expense,
fee or premium rather than as Interest; and (ii) all Interest at any time contracted for, charged, received or preserved in connection
herewith shall be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread in equal parts during the period of the full stated term of this Note.

17.
Definitions. Unless otherwise required by the context in which a defined term appears, or otherwise set forth, the following
terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section 17. Terms that are defined in other Sections of this Note shall have the
meanings given to such terms in those Sections.

(a)
Accrued Interest means any and all accrued and unpaid Interest on this Note.

(b)
Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday or any day on which banks are authorized by Law to be
closed in the state of Texas.

(c)
Default Amount means the Amount Outstanding, plus (A) the Make Whole Amount, minus (B) the total Accrued
Interest as the date of such Event of Default, which the Borrower and Holder agree is a make-whole premium, payable in the event this
Note is required to be repaid prior to the Stated Maturity Date due to an Event of Default.

(d)
Default Interest Rate means the rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum.

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 6 of 11

(e)
Governmental Authority means the government of any nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether at
the national, state, territorial, provincial, municipal or any other level, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body,
court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions
of, or pertaining to, government.

(f)
Knowledge means the actual knowledge of the Principal Persons of the referenced party or any knowledge which
should have been obtained by any of the Principal Persons of such party upon reasonable investigation and inquiry.

(g)
Make Whole Amount means an amount equal to the Amount Outstanding set forth on the first page of this Note
(i.e., without regard to any increase in such Amount Outstanding pursuant to the terms of this Note), multipied by the Standard Interest
Rate.

(h)
Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, properties, liabilities
(actual or contingent), operations, condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower; (b) the validity or enforceability of this Note;
(c) the rights or remedies of the Holder hereunder; or (d) the Borrowers ability to perform any of its material obligations hereunder.

(i)
Material Agreement means each agreement, contract or understanding to which the Borrower is a party, which
has an aggregate value, relates to aggregate possible payments, aggregate possible liability to the Borrower to the counterparty, or
an aggregate value of services to be rendered by the Borrower or the counterparty, in each case during the term (including any possible
extension terms called for in such agreement, contract or understanding) in excess of $50,000.

(j)
Maximum Rate shall mean the maximum rate of non-usurious interest allowed by applicable federal or state
law.

(k)
Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
limited or general partnership, unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority or other entity.

(l)
Principal Persons means any officer, director, owner, key employee or other Person with primary management
or supervisory responsibilities with respect to a party, or any other Person.

(m)
Qualified Financing means a fundraising by the Company, other than in connection with the sale of notes on
substantially similar terms as this Note, after the date of this Note, for the principal purpose of raising capital.

(n)
Standard Interest Rate means 18% per annum.

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 7 of 11

18.
Waiver of Demand and Presentment. Except as provided herein, Borrower and any sureties, guarantors and endorsers of this Note
jointly and severally waive demand, presentment, notice of nonpayment or dishonor, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration,
diligence in collecting, grace, notice and protest, and consent to all extensions without notice for any period or periods of time and
partial payments, before or after maturity, without prejudice to the Holder. The Holder shall similarly have the right to deal in anyway,
at any time, with one or more of the foregoing parties without notice to any other party, and to grant any such party any extensions
of time for payment of any of said indebtedness, or to grant any other indulgences or forbearance whatsoever, without notice to any other
party and without in any way affecting the personal liability of any party hereunder.

19.
Counterparts, Effect of Facsimile, Emailed and Photocopied Signatures. This Note and any signed agreement or instrument entered
into in connection with this Note, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif,
.gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to electronic mail (email) or downloaded from a website or data room (any such delivery, an Electronic
Delivery) shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have
the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party, each
other party shall re execute the original form of this Note and deliver such form to all other parties. No party shall raise the use
of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated
through the use of Electronic Delivery as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each such party forever waives any such defense,
except to the extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity.

20.
Governing Law; Venue and Waiver of Jury Trial. It is the intention of the Borrower and Holder that the terms and provisions
of this Note are to be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Texas, except as such laws may be preempted
by any federal law controlling the rate of Interest which may be charged on account of this Note. Any dispute, claim, controversy, or
legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note in any way (any Dispute) shall be exclusively brought
before a business court in the First Business Court Division of the State of Texas (the Business Court),
if the Dispute meets the jurisdictional requirements of such Business Court; and, if the Dispute does not meet the jurisdictional requirements
of such Business Court, or the Business Court is not then accepting new case filings, then the Dispute shall be exclusively brought in
the Circuit Court in and for Dallas County, Texas. The parties also hereby consent to supplemental jurisdiction by the Business Court
over any claims that are part of the same case or controversy as that which meets the primary jurisdictional requirements of such Business
Court. AS A SPECIFICALLY BARGAINED INDUCEMENT FOR BORROWER AND HOLDER (EACH PARTY HAVING HAD OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT COUNSEL), BORROWER
AND HOLDER EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO OR ARISING IN ANY WAY FROM THIS NOTE.

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 8 of 11

21.
Successors and Assigns. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower, and Borrowers heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and permitted assigns and inure to the benefit of the Holder named herein and Holders respective successors and assigns.
Each holder of this Note, by accepting the same, agrees to and shall be bound by all of the provisions of this Note. Holder may assign
this Note or any of its rights, interests or obligations to this Note without the prior written approval of Borrower, but with written
notice to, the Borrower. The term Borrower as used herein in every instance shall include the Borrowers
successors, heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives and assigns, including all subsequent grantees, either voluntarily
by act of the Borrower or involuntarily by operation of law and shall denote the singular and/or plural and the masculine and/or feminine
and natural and/or artificial persons, whenever and wherever the contexts so requires or properly applies. The term Holder
as used herein in every instance shall include the Holders successors, legal representatives and assigns, as well as all subsequent
assignees and endorsees of this Note, either voluntarily by act of the Borrower and Holder or involuntarily by operation of law, subject
where applicable to applicable law. Captions and paragraph headings in this Note are for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation.

22.
Attorneys Fees. Anything else in this Note to the contrary notwithstanding, in any action arising out of this Note,
the prevailing party shall be entitled to collect from the non-prevailing party all of its attorneys fees. For the purposes of
this Note, the party who receives or is awarded a substantial portion of the damages or claims sought in any proceeding shall be deemed
the prevailing party and attorneys fees shall mean the reasonable fees charged by an attorney or a
law firm for legal services and the services of any legal assistants, and costs of litigation, including, but not limited to, fees and
costs at trial and appellate levels.

23.
Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Note shall for any reason be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof,
and this Note shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.

24.
Amendments and Modifications. This Note may not be changed orally, but only by an agreement in writing, signed by the Borrower
and Holder.

25.
Entire Agreement. This Note constitutes the entire agreement of the Borrower and Holder regarding the matters contemplated
herein and therein, or related thereto, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, and understandings of the Borrower and
Holder in connection therewith.

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 9 of 11

26.
Construction. Wherever the context hereof shall so require, the singular shall include the plural, the masculine gender shall
include the feminine gender and the neuter and vice versa. The headings, captions and arrangements used in this Note are for convenience
only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Note.

27.
Notices. All notices, approvals, consents, requests, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered
(i) by personal delivery, or (ii) by national overnight courier service, or (iii) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
or (iv) via facsimile transmission, with confirmed receipt, or (v) via email. Notice shall be effective upon receipt except for notice
via fax (as discussed above) or email, which shall be effective only when the recipient, by return or reply email or notice delivered
by other method provided for in this Section 27, acknowledges having received that email (with an automatic read
receipt or similar notice not constituting an acknowledgement of an email receipt for purposes of this Section 27,
but which acknowledgement of acceptance shall include cases where recipient replies to such prior email, including the
body of the prior email in such reply). Such notices shall, if sent to the Company, be sent to the address as set forth
on the signature page hereof and if to the Holder, to the address as set forth on the signature page hereof, subject to notice of changes
thereof from any party with at least ten (10) Business Days notice to the other party. Rejection or other refusal to accept or
the inability to deliver because of changed address of which no notice was given shall be deemed to be receipt of the notice as of the
date of such rejection, refusal or inability to deliver.

28.
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of Holder hereof in the exercise of any power, right or
privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege
preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are
cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

29.
No Security. The Borrowers obligations under this Note are not secured.

30.
Qualified Commercial Loan. The Borrower and the Holder desire for the loan evidenced by this Note to be a Qualified Commercial
Loan and (1) the Borrower has advised the Holder to seek the advice of an attorney and an accountant in connection with the commercial
loan; and (2) the Borrower has had the opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney and accountant of the Borrowers choice in connection
with the commercial loan.

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank. Signature page follows.]

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 10 of 11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has duly executed this Promissory Note on April 15, 2025.

Borrower

Mangoceuticals,
Inc.

By: 

Name:
Jacob
Cohen

Title:
CEO

Address
for notice:

15110
N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 600

Dallas,
Texas 75248

Attn:
Gene Johnston, CFO

Email:
accounting@mangorx.com

Holder

____________________________

By:
________________________

Name:
________________________

Title:
________________________

Address
for notice:

____________________

____________________

Attn:
______________________

Email:
______________________

Promissory Note

Mangoceuticals, Inc. April 15, 2025

Page 11 of 11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mgrx-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mgrx-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mgrx-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41615

Entity Registrant Name MANGOCEUTICALS,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001938046

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3841292

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code TX

Entity Address, Address Line One 15110 N. Dallas Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 600

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75248

City Area Code (214)

Local Phone Number 242-9619

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 Par Value Per Share

Trading Symbol MGRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mangoceuticals.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
mgrx-20250411.xsd 
mgrx-20250411_lab.xml 
mgrx-20250411_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005263-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001938046 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001938046 
8-K 
2025-04-11 
MANGOCEUTICALS, INC. 
TX 
001-41615 
87-3841292 
15110 N. Dallas Parkway 
Suite 600 
Dallas 
TX 
75248 
(214) 
242-9619 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 Par Value Per Share 
MGRX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>