<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-004346.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-004346.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117070030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-004346
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001413891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				260592672
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53461
		FILM NUMBER:		25536989

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 N LINCOLN ST.
		CITY:			BATAVIA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60510
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952.974.4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 N LINCOLN ST.
		CITY:			BATAVIA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60510

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HWN, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210825

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mantra Venture Group Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071002
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227727-8k_high.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-310001413891NONE00014138912025-01-132025-01-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):
January 13, 2025

High Wire Networks,
Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-53461 81-5055489

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.)

30 North Lincoln Street

Batavia, Illinois60510

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (952) 974-4000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock HWNI OTCQB

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Private Placement

On January 13, 2025, High
Wire Networks, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA) with an institutional
investor (the Purchaser), pursuant to which the Company sold to the Purchaser on January 16, 2024 (i) a 20% Original Issue
Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debenture (the Debenture) and (ii) shares of Series F Preferred Stock of the Company
(the Preferred Shares) (the Offering). The Debenture has a principal amount of approximately $1,200,000 (the
Face Amount) and was sold for a purchase price of $1,000,000. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Offering
for general working capital and growth purposes, including listing-related expenses for going public on a U.S. national
securities exchange.

The Debenture has a maturity
date of April 16, 2025 (the Maturity Date) and does not accrue interest. The Company, in its sole discretion, has the right
to automatically extend the Maturity Date for an additional three-month period; provided, however, that immediately after the expiration
of the original Maturity Date, all amounts due and payable on the Debenture shall be increased by 110% of the sum of (a) the outstanding
principal amount at the expiration of the original Maturity Date, plus (b) accrued and unpaid interest thereon at the expiration of the
original Maturity Date, plus (c) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of the Debenture at the expiration
of the original Maturity Date.

The Debenture is convertible
into shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Stock), at a price equal to 75%
of the VWAP in the five trading days ending on the date of the delivery of the applicable conversion notice (the Conversion Price),
subject to adjustment as provided in the Debenture and subject to a floor price of $0.01 (or $1.00, on a reverse split adjusted basis)
(the Floor Price). Subject to certain notice provisions, the Company may prepay the Debenture at any time by paying to the
holders thereof 115% of the Face Amount of the Debenture.

A holder will not have the right to convert any portion of the Debenture
if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the number of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the conversion (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), as such percentage ownership is determined
in accordance with the terms of the Debenture. However, upon notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, which may not exceed 9.99% of the number of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
conversion of the Debenture.

Subject to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, (i) 50% of the principal balance and all unpaid accrued interest will automatically convert into Common Stock on
the date that is 90 calendar days subsequent to the closing of a Qualified Offering or Qualified Event (each as defined in the Debenture)
and (ii) a further 50% of the principal balance and all unpaid accrued interest will automatically convert into Common Stock on the date
that is 120 calendar days subsequent to the closing of such Qualified Offering or Qualified Event (each such date, a Mandatory
Conversion Date and each such conversion, a Mandatory Conversion)). The number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such Mandatory Conversion will equal the quotient (rounded up to the nearest whole share) obtained by dividing (x) the principal
balance and unpaid accrued interest being converted on the applicable Mandatory Conversion Date, by (y) a price per share equal to the
lesser of (i) 75% of the Qualified Event Price or the Qualified Offering Price (each as defined in the Debenture), and (ii) the Conversion
Price in effect on the applicable Mandatory Conversion Date, in each case subject to the Floor Price.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a holder may elect to have up to 25% of the outstanding principal balance and all unpaid accrued interest paid in cash
prior to the date of the initial Mandatory Conversion upon 10 days written notice of such election to the Company.

1

Upon an Event of
Default (as defined in the Debenture), a holder shall be able to immediately convert their Debenture at the lower of (i) 50% of the Valuation
Cap Price (as defined in the Debenture) and (ii) 65% of the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the 10 days immediately prior
to the date of such Event of Default.

Pursuant to the SPA, the Company
issued to the Purchaser a number of Preferred Shares equal to 90% of the Purchasers principal amount of the Debenture. As further
described under Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company filed the COD (as defined below) with the Secretary of State
of the State of Nevada.

Pursuant to the SPA, the Company
also agreed to file a registration statement covering the resale of (i) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Debenture
and (ii) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares (collectively, the Underlying Shares),
at the same time as the Qualified Financing, but in no event later than 45 calendar days after the closing date of the Offering (the Filing
Date) and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective within 90 calendar
days after the Filing Date.

The SPA contains customary representations, warranties and indemnification
provisions. The Debenture is secured by a senior security interest in all assets of the Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to a Security
Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among the Company, the Companys subsidiaries, the Purchaser and the agent for the
Purchaser (the Security Agreement). The Companys subsidiaries each guaranteed the Companys obligations under
the Debenture pursuant to a Guaranty, dated as of January 13, 2025 (the Guaranty).

Equity Line of Credit

On January 13, 2025, the Company
entered into a Purchase Agreement (the ELOC Purchase Agreement) with a purchaser (the ELOC Purchaser), whereby
the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the ELOC Purchaser, and the ELOC Purchaser is obligated to purchase, up
to an aggregate of $10 million of newly issued shares (the ELOC Shares) of Common Stock.

The Company does not have
a right to commence any sales of Common Stock to the ELOC Purchaser under the ELOC Purchase Agreement until the date of the Qualified
Event or the Qualified Offering (the Commencement Date). Over the 36-month period from and after the Commencement Date,
the Company will control the timing and amount of any sales of Common Stock to the ELOC Purchaser. Actual sales of shares of Common Stock
to the ELOC Purchaser under the ELOC Purchase Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time
to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock and determinations by us as to the appropriate
sources of funding for our company and our operations.

The purchase price of the
shares of Common Stock that the Company elects to sell to the ELOC Purchaser pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement will be equal to
97% of the lowest intraday sale price of the common stock on the Companys current trading market on the applicable purchase date.
There is no upper limit on the price per share that the ELOC Purchaser could be obligated to pay for the Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase
Agreement.

In no event may the Company
issue to the ELOC Purchaser under the ELOC Purchase Agreement a number of shares of Common Stock that would exceed 19.99% of the total
number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the ELOC Purchase Agreement (the Exchange
Cap), unless the Company obtains stockholder approval to issue shares of Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap. The Purchase
Agreement prohibits the Company from directing the ELOC Purchaser to purchase any shares of our Common Stock if those shares, when aggregated
with all other shares of our Common Stock then beneficially owned by the ELOC Purchaser (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 13d-3 thereunder), would result in the ELOC Purchaser beneficially
owning more than 9.99% of the outstanding Common Stock.

2

As consideration for the ELOC
Purchasers irrevocable commitment to purchase shares of Common Stock upon the terms of and subject to satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in the ELOC Purchase Agreement, concurrently with the execution and delivery of the ELOC Purchase Agreement, we agreed to issue
to the ELOC Purchaser 8,571,429 shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares).

In addition, pursuant to the
ELOC Purchase Agreement, the Company also agreed to file a registration statement registering the resale of the Commitment Shares and
the maximum number of ELOC Shares as shall be permitted be applicable law within 30 days following the Qualified Offering or Qualified
Event.

Placement Agent Agreement

Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC
(the Placement Agent) is acting as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering pursuant to a Placement
Agent Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, between the Company and the Placement Agent (the Placement Agent Agreement).
Pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement, the Placement Agent will be paid a commission equal to 8% of the gross proceeds received by
the Company from the sale of the Debenture and the Preferred Shares and a cash fee equal to 7% of the gross funding amount for each drawdown
under the ELOC Purchase Agreement. The Company will reimburse the Placement Agent $25,000 for certain fees and expenses incurred by them,
including attorneys fees.

Pursuant to the Placement
Agent Agreement, the Company granted to the Placement Agent non-redeemable warrants exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock
equal to 8% of the total number of shares of Common Stock into which the Debenture and Preferred Shares sold in the Offering could be
converted by the Purchaser, if the Purchaser converted 100% of the principal balance of the Debenture and 100% of the stated value of
the Preferred Shares into Common Stock (the Placement Warrants). The Placement Warrants shall be exercisable, at
any time, in whole or in part, during the five-year period commencing six months after the closing date of the Offering. The Placement
Warrants will be exercisable at a price per share equal to 100% of the Conversion Price then in effect. The Placement Warrants may be
exercised in whole or in part at an initial exercise price of $0.0299 per Placement Warrant, and provide for registration rights and customary
anti-dilution provisions.

Subordination Agreement

In connection with the Offering,
the Company entered into a subordination agreement with the Senior Lenders (as defined in the SPA), pursuant to which the Senior Lenders
agreed to subordinate its right of repayment of its outstanding 18% Senior Secured Convertible Debenture to the Purchaser, subject to
customary exceptions.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall such securities be
offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements and certificates
evidencing such shares contain a legend stating the same.

The foregoing summary of the
Debenture, the SPA, the Security Agreement, the Guaranty, the ELOC Purchase Agreement and the Placement Agent Agreement contains only
a brief description of the material terms of the Debenture, the Placement Warrants, the SPA, the Security Agreement, the Guaranty, the
ELOC Purchase Agreement and the Placement Agent Agreement and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of each of the Debenture, the PA Warrants, the SPA, the Security Agreement, the Guaranty, the ELOC Purchase Agreement and the Placement
Agent Agreement, forms of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5, respectively.

Item 2.03 Creation of Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The applicable information regarding the Debenture set forth in Item
1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03.

3

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The applicable information regarding the Debenture and the Preferred
Shares set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02. The Debenture, the Preferred
Shares and the Underlying Shares were not registered under the Securities Act, but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. The securities were exempt
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule 506(b) because the issuance of such securities by the Company did
not involve a public offering, as defined in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, due to the insubstantial number of persons
involved in the transaction and manner of the offering. The Company did not undertake an offering in which it sold securities to a high
number of investors. In addition, the Purchaser had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) or Rule 506(b) since
the Purchaser agreed to, and received, the securities bearing a legend stating that such securities are restricted pursuant to Rule 144
of the Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these securities would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore
not be part of a public offering. Based on an analysis of the above factors, the Company has met the requirements to qualify
for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of
Security Holders.

The applicable information
regarding the Preferred Shares set forth in Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.03.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The Company filed a Certificate
of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series F Preferred Stock of High Wire Networks, Inc. (the COD)
with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on January 13, 2025. The Preferred Shares have a stated value per share of $10,000
(the Stated Value). The Company is authorized to issue 120 Preferred Shares.

The Preferred Shares are convertible, at the option of the holder thereof,
at any time, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to any beneficial ownership limitation) determined by dividing the stated
value of such Preferred Share by a price per share equal to the lower of (i) the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day
immediately preceding the initial issuance of the Debenture and (ii) the Valuation Cap Price (as defined in the Debenture). Holders of
the Preferred Shares are not entitled to receive dividends.

Holders of the Preferred Shares
shall have the same voting rights as the holders of the Common Stock, and the Preferred Shares shall vote equally with the shares of Common
Stock, and not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting, upon the following basis: the Purchaser shall be entitled to cast
such number of votes as shall be equal to the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock into which such holders shares of Preferred
Shares are convertible immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting.

The foregoing summary of the
COD contains only a brief description of the material terms of the COD and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the COD, a form of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Number Exhibit Description

3.1 Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock

4.1 Form of 20% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debenture

4.2 Form of Placement Warrant

10.1# Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 13, 2025

10.2# Form of Security Agreement, dated January 13, 2025

10.3 Form of Guaranty, dated January 13, 2025

10.4 Form of ELOC Purchase Agreement, dated January 13, 2025

10.5 Form of Placement Agent Agreement, dated January 13, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

# Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to
Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally copies of omitted schedules and exhibits to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon its request.

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

Date: January 17, 2025 By: /s/ Mark Porter

Mark Porter

Chief Executive Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022772701ex3-1_high.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF SERIES F CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION, PREFERENCES, AND
RIGHTS 

OF

SERIES F PREFERRED STOCK OF HIGH WIRE NETWORKS,
INC.

I, Mark Porter, hereby certify
that I am the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Office of High Wire Networks, Inc. (the Corporation),
a corporation organized and existing under the Nevada Revised Statutes, and further do hereby certify:

That pursuant to the authority
expressly conferred upon the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board) by the Corporations Articles
of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation), the Board on January 13, 2025, adopted the following resolutions
creating a series of shares of preferred stock designated as Series F Preferred Stock, none of which shares have been issued:

RESOLVED, that the Board hereby
designates the Series F Preferred Stock and the number of shares constituting such series, and fixes the rights, powers, preferences,
privileges and restrictions relating to such series in addition to any set forth in the Articles of Incorporation as follows:

Series F Preferred Stock

The Corporation shall designate a series of preferred
stock, consisting of 120 shares, with a stated value of $10,000 per share, as Series F Preferred Stock (the Series F),
which shall have the following designations, rights and preferences:

1. Definitions.
When used in this Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights of Series F Preferred Stock of the Corporation (this Certificate),
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Alternate Consideration shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.3.3.

Commission means the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Common Stock and any other class of securities of the Corporation into which such Common Stock may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Date shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 5.2.1.

Conversion
Price is a price per share equal to the lower of (i) closing price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the initial issuance of the Debentures under the Purchase Agreement and (ii) the Valuation Cap Price. For the avoidance of doubt, if the
Stated Value of each share of Preferred Stock is $1,000 and the Conversion Price is $0.50 per share, then the conversion from Preferred
Stock to Common Stock would be calculated by dividing $1,000 by $0.50, resulting in the conversion of the Preferred Stock into 2,000 shares
of Common Stock per share of Preferred Stock.

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Convertible
Securities means any securities (directly or indirectly) convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, but excluding Options.

Debentures
means the 20% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures dated as of the date of the Purchase Agreement, due on the
Maturity Date, issued by the Corporation under the Purchase Agreement.

Effective
Date means the date that the Registration Statement filed by the Corporation pursuant to the Purchase Agreement is first declared
effective by the Commission.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuances means issuances or sales of (a) shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock; (b) shares of
Common Stock (as such number of shares is equitably adjusted for subsequent stock splits, stock combinations, stock dividends, and recapitalizations)
issued directly or upon the exercise of Options to directors, officers, employees, or consultants of the Corporation in connection with
their service as directors of the Corporation, their employment by the Corporation, or their retention as consultants by the Corporation,
in each case authorized by the Board and issued pursuant to the Corporations equity incentive plan; (c) shares of Common Stock
or Options to advisors or independent contractors for compensatory purposes; (d) shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion or
exercise of Convertible Securities issued prior to the Filing Date, provided that such securities are not amended after the date
hereof to increase the number of shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder or to lower the exercise or conversion price thereof; (e)
securities issued pursuant to acquisitions, mergers or any other strategic transactions, provided that such acquisitions, mergers
and other strategic transactions shall not include a transaction in which the Corporation is issuing securities primarily for the purpose
of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; (f) securities issued as a result of the recapitalization
or reorganization of any securities of the Corporation; (g) securities issued pursuant to a Qualified Offering or Qualified Event; or
(i) securities issued pursuant to or as contemplated in the Purchase Agreement.

Filing
Date the date of the filing of this Certificate with the Nevada Secretary of State.

2

Fully
Diluted means the total aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which would be issued on the date of determination assuming
all securities issued by the Company convertible into or exercisable for shares of such common stock were exercised or converted and all
outstanding vested or unvested options or warrants to purchase the Corporations capital stock, plus any shares of any class of
common stock of the Company reserved for issuance, but excluding the Debentures, the Series F shares or any shares reserved for issuance
upon conversion thereof.

Fundamental Transaction shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.3.3.

Funding
Amount shall mean total aggregate proceeds raised from the Corporations sale and issuance of the Debentures under and
in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.

Liquidation shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.

Maturity Date
shall mean and refer to the date that is three (3) months from the original issued date of the Debentures, subject to extension as provided
in the Debentures.

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 5.2.1.

Options
means any warrants or other rights or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

PubCo
means a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is registered under the Exchange Act and listed on a national securities exchange.

Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated on or around the Filing Date, among the Corporation and the purchasers
of Debentures, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Qualified
Event means the direct listing of the Corporations securities on a Trading Market, a Reverse Takeover, or a merger with
a special purpose acquisition company (de-SPAC) transaction.

Qualified
Offering shall mean an initial public offering of the Corporations securities with gross proceeds of at least $5,000,000,
at the closing of which the Corporations securities are listed with a Trading Market.

Requisite
Holders shall mean the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock voting on as-converted to
Common Stock basis.

Reverse
Takeover means a merger or share exchange by the Corporation with a PubCo and as a result of which the holders of the Corporations
outstanding shares of Common Stock on a fully-diluted basis will own in excess of 50% of the outstanding shares of common stock of PubCo.

3

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Stated Value shall
have the meaning set forth above.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Corporation and shall include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation formed or acquired after
the date of the Purchase Agreement.

Successor Entity shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.3.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents has the meaning ascribed to the term in the Purchase Agreement.

Valuation
Cap means $12,000,000.00.

Valuation
Cap Price means the price per share of Common Stock calculated by dividing the Valuation Cap by the number of shares of all
classes of Common Stock on a Fully Diluted basis immediately prior to giving effect to the applicable conversion under this Debenture.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Requisite Holders, the reasonable fees and expenses of which shall be paid by
the Corporation.

2. Dividends.
Subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock that may from time to time come into existence after the Filing Date, holders of
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are not entitled to dividends.

4

3. Voting
Rights. On any matter presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders
of the Corporation (or by written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting), including for the election of members of the Corporations
Board of Directors, each holder of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the number
of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder are convertible at the applicable Conversion
Price therefor as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter. Except as provided by law or by the
other provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation, holders of Preferred Stock shall vote outstanding shares of Preferred Stock together
with the holders of Common Stock as a single class and on an as-converted to Common Stock basis; provided, however, that,
and without limitation of but in addition to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock that may from time to time come into existence
after the Filing Date, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote
of the Requisite Holders, (a) alter or change adversely the powers , preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend
this Certificate of Incorporation, (b) otherwise amend this Certificate of Incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that
adversely affects any rights of the holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of
Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

4. Liquidation.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation),
subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock that may from time to time come into existence, the holders of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation the same amount that holders of Common
Stock would receive if the Preferred Stock were fully converted (disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations hereunder)
to Common Stock at the Conversion Price then applicable for each share of outstanding Preferred Stock, which amount shall be paid to the
holders of Preferred Stock pari passu with the amount paid to the holders of Common Stock.

5. Conversion.
The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows:

5.1 Optional
Conversion. From and after the Filing Date, each outstanding share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder
thereof, at any time, in that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to any beneficial ownership limitation) determined by dividing
the Stated Value of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. The Conversion Price, and the rate at which shares of Preferred
Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided in this Certificate.

5.2
Mechanics of Optional Conversion.

5.2.1 Notice
of Conversion. Holders of Preferred Stock shall effect voluntary conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion
notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number
of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion, the number of shares
of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion, and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be
prior to the date that the applicable holder delivers by email such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the Conversion
Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice
of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any
medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries
set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares
of Preferred Stock, a holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation
unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such holder shall deliver the certificate
representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into
Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued.

5

5.2.2 Delivery
of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion of Preferred Stock. No later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in this Section 5.2.2) after each Conversion Date (the Share
Delivery Date), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder the Conversion Shares which,
on or after the earlier of (i) the one-year anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission), shall
be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) represent
the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. On or after the earlier of (i) the one-year
anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission), the Corporation shall use its best efforts to deliver
the Conversion Shares required to be delivered by the Corporation under this Section 5 electronically through the Depository Trust Company
or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

5.2.3 Failure
to Deliver Conversion Shares. In the event of an Effectiveness Failure (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), the Corporation fails
to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 5.2.2 by the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the
Corporation shall, as liquidated damages (but not as a penalty) (x) pay to such Holder, in cash, for each $1,000 of Stated Value of Preferred
Stock being converted, $20 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered
or Holder rescinds such conversion and (y) issue to such Holder additional shares of Preferred Stock equal to five percent (5%) of the
shares of Preferred Stock that such Holder elected to convert in its Notice of Conversion for each month without such effective registration
statement (partial months will receive pro-rated amount). This Section 5.2.3 shall not limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages
for the Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right
to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief.

5.2.4 Reservation
of Shares. The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares
of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein provided, free from preemptive rights
or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the holders of the Preferred Stock, not less than such aggregate
number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking
into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5.3) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

6

5.2.5 Effect
of Conversion. All shares of Preferred Stock which shall have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be
deemed to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at the Conversion Time, except
only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and to receive payment of any dividends declared
but unpaid thereon.

5.2.6 No
Further Adjustment. Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the Conversion Price shall be made for any declared but unpaid dividends
on the Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon conversion.

5.2.7 Taxes.
The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other similar taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Certificate. The Corporation shall not, however, be required
to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name
other than that in which the shares of Preferred Stock so converted were registered, and no such issuance or delivery shall be made unless
and until the person or entity requesting such issuance has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established, to
the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

5.3 Certain
Adjustments. The Conversion Price and the number of Conversion Shares as may be issued or issuable on conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 5.3. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
there shall be no adjustment to any Conversion Price or the number of any Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock with respect to any Exempt Issuances.

5.3.1 Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding: (a) pays a stock
dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common
Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion
of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock), (b) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares,
(c) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (d) issues,
in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the Conversion
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares
of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

7

5.3.2 Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5.3.1 above, if at any time the Corporation grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of the Corporations capital stock (the Purchase Rights), then each holder of then issued
and outstanding Preferred Stock will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase
Rights which such holder could have acquired if such holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion
of such holders Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant,
issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase
Right would result in the Holder exceeding any beneficial ownership limitation, then such holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such
extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for such holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the holder exceeding any such beneficial ownership limitation).

5.3.3 Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, (a) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (b) the Corporation,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (c) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or
exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common
Stock, (d) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or
recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into
or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (e) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated
with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Preferred Stock, each holder of outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of
the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which such shares of Preferred
Stock are convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the
Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
each holder of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration he, she or it receives
upon any conversion of any such outstanding shares of Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary
to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file
a new certificate of incorporation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
new (replacement) shares of preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing such holders right to convert
such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which
the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation
under this Certificate of Incorporation and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.3.3
pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Holders and approved thereby (without unreasonable
delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Requisite Holders, deliver to the holders of Preferred Stock
in exchange for this Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form
and substance to this Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity
(or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Preferred Stock (without
regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price
which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares
of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital
stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Preferred Stock immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Requisite Holders. Upon
the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after
the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation and the other Transaction Documents referring
to the Corporation shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation
and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Incorporation and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein.

8

5.3.4 Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 5.3 shall be made to the nearest cent or nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case
may be. For purposes of this Section 5.3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

5.3.5
Notice to Holders.

(a) Adjustment
to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Corporation
shall promptly deliver to each holder of shares of such series a notice setting forth such adjusted Conversion Price and setting forth
a brief statement of the facts having required such adjustment.

(b) Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (i) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of Common Stock of rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (ii) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation
shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is
a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (iii) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed
at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of the Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each holder
of Preferred Stock at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least twenty (20) calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken
for the purpose of such rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of
record to be entitled to such rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of Common
Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any
defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.

6.
[RESERVED].

7. Redemption.
The Preferred Stock is not redeemable at the option of any holder thereof.

8. Redeemed
or Otherwise Acquired Shares. Unless approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the Requisite Holders, any shares of
Preferred Stock that are redeemed, converted or otherwise acquired by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall be automatically
and immediately cancelled and retired and shall not be reissued, sold or transferred. Neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries
may exercise any voting or other rights granted to the holders of Preferred Stock following redemption, conversion or acquisition. The
Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized
number of shares of Preferred Stock accordingly.

9. Waiver.
Except as otherwise set forth herein, any of the rights, powers, preferences and other terms of the Preferred Stock set forth herein may
be waived on behalf of all holders of Preferred Stock by the affirmative written consent or vote of the Requisite Holders.

10. Notices.
Any notice required or permitted by the provisions of this Certificate to be given to a holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be mailed,
postage prepaid, to the post office address last shown on the records of the Corporation, or given by electronic transmission in compliance
with the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, and shall be deemed sent upon such mailing or electronic transmission.

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Designation to be duly executed by its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer as of this
13th day of January 2025.

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

By: /s/ Mark Porter

Name: Mark Porter

Title: Chairman and CEO

10

ANNEX
A

HIGH
WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

CONVERSION
NOTICE

Reference is made to the Certificate
of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series F Convertible Preferred Stock of High Wire Networks, Inc. (the Certificate
of Designations). In accordance with and pursuant to the Certificate of Designations, the undersigned hereby elects to convert
the number of shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series F), of High Wire Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Corporation), indicated below into shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock),
of the Corporation, as of the date specified below.

Date of Conversion: 

Aggregate number of Series F to be converted 

Aggregate Stated Value of such Series F to be converted: 

Aggregate accrued and unpaid dividends and accrued with respect to such Series F and such aggregate dividends to be converted: 

AGGREGATE CONVERSION AMOUNT TO BE CONVERTED: 

Please confirm the following information:

Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

Please issue the Common Stock into which the applicable
Series F are being converted to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if requesting delivery as a
certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:

DTC Participant: 

Date: __________________, 

__________________ 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID: __________________ 

Facsimile: __________________ 

E-mail Address: __________________ 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022772701ex4-1_high.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF 20% ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXHIBIT
A

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: [DATE OF APPLICABLE CLOSING] $_______________

20%
ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT SENIOR SECURED 

CONVERTIBLE
DEBENTURE

DUE
_________[___]1, 2025

THIS
20% ORGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued 20% Original
Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures of High Wire Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
having a place of business at 30 North Lincoln Street, Batavia, Illinois 60510, designated as its 20% Original Issue Discount Senior
Secured Convertible Debenture due ________ [__]2, 2025 (this debenture, the Debenture and, collectively
with the other debentures of such series, the Debentures).

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to ________________________ or its registered assigns (the Holder),
or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of [One Million Two Hundred Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars
($1,200,000.00)] on _________ [__], 20253 (subject to extension as provided herein, the Maturity Date)
or such earlier date as this Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder
on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof. The consideration
to the Company for this Debenture is [One Million and Zero/100 United States Dollars ($1,000,000.00)] (the Consideration)
in United States currency, due to the prorated original issuance discount of 20.0% (the OID) equaling [Two Hundred
Thousand and Zero/100 United States Dollars ($200,000.00)]. This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:

1 3
months from the date the Debentures are first issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement.

2 3
months from the date the Debentures are first issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement.

3 3
months from the date the Debentures are first issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement.

Section
1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as hereinafter defined) and (b) the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

Bankruptcy
Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w)
of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt,
relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that
is not dismissed within 75 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or
bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary
thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or
stayed within 90 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging
a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof admits in writing that
it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure
to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action
for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations
at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(v).

Change
of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an
individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective
control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 50%
of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion of the Debentures), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates
with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders
of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor
entity of such transaction, (c) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) sells or transfers all or substantially all
of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate
voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of
more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members
of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on
any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members
on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing
for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither a Qualified Offering nor a Qualified
Event shall not constitute a Change of Control.

2

Conversion
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Conversion
Schedule means the Conversion Schedule in the form of Schedule 1 attached hereto.

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms
hereof.

Debenture
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Default
Interest shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Event
of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Event
of Default Discount Price shall mean the lesser of (i) lowest daily VWAP in the ten (10) Trading Days ending on the date of
the delivery of the applicable Conversion Notice multiplied by sixty-five percent (65%), and (ii) the Valuation Cap Price multiplied
by fifty percent (50%).

Extension
Amount means 110% of the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture at the expiration of the original Maturity
Date, plus (b) accrued and unpaid interest thereon at the expiration of the original Maturity Date, plus (c) all other amounts, costs,
expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Debenture at the expiration of the original Maturity Date.

Floor
Price shall mean initially, $0.01 per share, subject to adjustment in connection with any reverse split; provided that following
any reverse split the Floor Price shall not exceed $1.00 per share.

Fully
Diluted means the total aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which would be issued on the date of determination assuming
all securities issued by the Company convertible into or exercisable for shares of such common stock were exercised or converted, plus
any shares of any class of common stock of the Company reserved for issuance, but excluding this this Debenture, the other Debentures,
the Series F Preferred Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or any shares reserved for issuance upon conversion thereof.

3

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

Mandatory
Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e).

Mandatory
Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e).

Mandatory
Conversion Price means a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) 75% of the Qualified Event Price or the Qualified Offering
Price, and (ii) the Conversion Price in effect on the applicable Mandatory Conversion Date; provided that the Mandatory Conversion Price
shall not be less than the Floor Price.

New
York Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(d).

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Debentures, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and regardless
of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debentures.

Permitted
Indebtedness means (a) the indebtedness evidenced by the Debentures, and (b) the Indebtedness existing on the Original Issue
Date and set forth on Schedule 3.1(bb) attached to the Purchase Agreement.

Permitted
Lien means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental
charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith
and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) have been established
in accordance with GAAP, (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business, such as
carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords Liens, and other similar Liens arising in
the ordinary course of the Companys business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the
value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for
the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien, and (c) Liens securing the obligations owing
to the Senior Lenders pursuant to those certain 18% Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Debentures, as thereafter amended prior to
the date hereof, issued to the Senior Lenders on September 25, 2023.

Prepayment
Amount means the product of (i) the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus (b) accrued and unpaid
interest hereon, plus (c) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Debenture, multiplied by (ii)
1.15.

4

Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025 by and among the Company and the original
Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Qualified
Event shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Qualified
Event Price means the price per share at which the Qualified Event is made.

Qualified
Offering shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Qualified
Offering Price means the price per share of the securities offered (or price per unit, if units are offered in the Qualified
Offering) in the Qualified Offering. For the avoidance of doubt, if a unit includes more than one share of Common Stock, Qualified
Offering Price shall mean the unit price divided by the number of shares of Common Stock contained in a unit.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii).

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Valuation
Cap means $12,000,000.00.

Valuation
Cap Price means the price per share of Common Stock calculated by dividing the Valuation Cap by the number of shares of all
classes of Common Stock on a Fully Diluted basis immediately prior to giving effect to the applicable conversion under this Debenture.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is traded on OTCQB or OTCQX , the volume weighted
average sales price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock is then reported in the Pink
Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices),
the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common
Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

5

Section
2. Interest.

a)
Payment of Interest. This Debenture shall not bear interest except for Default Interest as provided herein.

b)
Default Interest. Following an Event of Default the Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and
then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, which shall accrue at the rate of 23% per annum (Default Interest).

c)
Interest Calculations. Default Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day
periods, and shall accrue daily commencing on upon the occurrence of an Event of Default until payment or conversion in full of the outstanding
principal, together with all liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Default Interest shall
cease to accrue with respect to any principal amount converted, provided that, the Company actually delivers the Conversion Shares within
the time period required by Section 4(c)(ii) herein. Default Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture
is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Debenture (the Debenture Register).

d)
Extension of Maturity Date. In the event that any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding at the original Maturity Date
of this Debenture (for purposes of this Section 2(d) only, the "Original Maturity Date"), the Company, at its sole discretion
and with no further action of the Holder, has the right to automatically extend the Maturity Date of this Debenture for an additional
three (3) month period such that the Debenture shall be due and payable on [June 31, 2025]; provided, however, that immediately after
the expiration of the Original Maturity Date, all amounts due and payable on the Debenture shall be increased by the Extension Amount.
By way of example, if immediately prior to the Original Maturity Date, the amount due and payable to the Holder on the Debenture is an
aggregate of $1,000,000 including all accrued but unpaid interest and all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in
respect of this Debenture, then immediately following the Original Maturity Date, with no further action by the Company or the Holder,
the amount due and payable on this Debenture shall be increased to $1,100,000 (for the avoidance of doubt, if immediately thereafter
Company then determined to prepay the Debenture in full, the Holder would be due the Prepayment Amount which would be $1,380,000). At
least ten (10) Business Days prior to such extension, the Company must file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission and/or issue
a press release disclosing its intention to extend the Maturity Date, during which period the Holder shall retain the right to convert
this Debenture, including accrued interest due thereon, on the terms set forth herein. Failure to file a Form 8-K and issue a press release
on a timely basis shall not preclude the Company from automatically extending the Maturity Date, but if the Company has not paid the
outstanding amounts under this Debenture on or prior to the expiration of the Original Maturity Date, notwithstanding the automatic extension
of the Maturity Date, this Debenture shall be deemed to be in default under Section 8 hereof.

6

e)
Prepayment. The Company shall have the option to prepay this Debenture at any time after the Original Issue Date at an amount
equal to the Prepayment Amount.

f)
Prepayment Following a Change of Control.

(i) Mechanics
of Prepayment at Option of Holder in Connection with a Change of Control. No later than
fifteen (15) days following the entry by the Company into an agreement for a Change of Control,
but in no event prior to the public announcement of such Change of Control, the Company shall
deliver written notice describing the entry into such agreement (Notice of Change
of Control) to the Holder. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt of a Notice
of Change of Control, the Holder may require the Company to prepay, effective immediately
prior to the consummation of such Change of Control, an amount equal to the Prepayment Amount
on such date (the COC Repayment Price), by delivering written notice
thereof (Notice of Prepayment at Option of Holder Upon Change of Control)
to the Company.

(ii) Payment
of COC Repayment Price. Upon the Company 's receipt of a Notice(s) of Prepayment at Option
of Holder Upon Change of Control from the Holder, the Company shall deliver the COC Repayment
Price to the Holder immediately prior to the consummation of the Change of Control; provided
that the Holder's original Debenture shall have been so delivered to the Company, and, provided,
further, that all payments shall be subject to the provisions of the Purchase Agreement with
respect to the holders of the other Debentures.

Section
3. Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

a)
Different Denominations. This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized
denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer
or exchange.

b)
Investment Representations. This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder
set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable
federal and state securities laws and regulations.

c)
Reliance on Debenture Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent
of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof for
the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and neither
the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

7

Section
4. Conversion.

a)
Voluntary Conversion. At any time following the Original Issue Date, this Debenture (including all accrued but unpaid interest
and all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Debenture) shall be convertible, in whole or in
part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder (subject to the conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof).
The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex
A (each, a Notice of Conversion), specifying therein the principal amount of this Debenture to be converted
and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date
is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder.
No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Conversion form be required. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Debenture to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Debenture, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has
been so converted in which case the Holder shall surrender this Debenture as promptly as is reasonably practicable after such conversion
without delaying the Companys obligation to deliver the shares on the Share Delivery Date. Conversions hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver
an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute
or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder, and
any assignee by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion
of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may be less than the amount stated on the
face hereof.

b)
Conversion Price. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date, following the Original Issue Date, other than in respect
of a Mandatory Conversion, shall be a price per share equal to 75% of the VWAP in the five (5) Trading Days ending on the date of the
delivery of the applicable Conversion Notice, subject to adjustment as provided herein (the Conversion Price), and
which in no event shall be less than the Floor Price.

c)
Mechanics of Conversion.

i.
Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder
shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus all accrued interest
thereon, to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price.

8

ii.
Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date or each Mandatory Conversion Date (the Share
Delivery Date), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder the Conversion Shares representing the
number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Debenture. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

iii.
Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company
at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly
return to the Holder any original Debenture delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Conversion
Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

iv.
Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon
conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction
by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any
Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder
or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder
in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a
waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Debenture shall elect
to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder
or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless
an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Debenture shall have
been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 125% of the outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence
of such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company
fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of principal amount being converted, $5
per Trading Day (increasing to $15 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue)
for each Trading Day after such Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8 hereof for the
Companys failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue
all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof
or under applicable law.

9

v.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant
to Section 4(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share
Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies
available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage
commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the
Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise
to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if
surrendered) this Debenture in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion
shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had
timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total
purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Debenture with respect to which the actual
sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000
under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide
the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence
of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Debenture as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

vi.
Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that in accordance with and pursuant to Section 4.11 of
the Purchase Agreement it will at all times reserve and keep available out of authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the
sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Debenture and payment of interest on this Debenture, each as herein provided, free from
preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Debentures),
such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as required by Section 4.11 of the Purchase Agreement and as shall be issuable (taking
into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture
and payment of interest hereunder. The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue,
be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if a registration statement covering the resale of the Conversion
Shares is then effective under the Securities Act, shall be registered for public resale in accordance with such registration statement.

10

vii.
Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Debenture.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its
election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion
Price or round up to the next whole share.

viii.
Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Debenture shall be made without charge to
the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion
Shares, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the
issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Debenture so converted
and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the
issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that
such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion and
all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day
electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares. The Company shall pay all attorney fees required for the issuance of attorney legal opinions
for removal of restrictive legends on Conversion Shares.

d)
Holders Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any conversion of this Debenture, and a Holder shall not have
the right to convert any portion of this Debenture, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable
Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with
the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number
of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Debenture beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein (including, without limitation, any other Debentures) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Debenture is convertible (in relation to other securities owned
by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible shall
be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Debenture may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates or Attribution
Parties) and which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To
ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion
that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 4(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (iii) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Debenture, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the
date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture held by the Holder. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
upon conversion of this Debenture held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d) shall continue
to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is
delivered to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be
defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder
of this Debenture

11

e)
Mandatory Conversion. Subject to the conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, (i) fifty percent 50% of the
principal balance and all unpaid accrued interest on this Debenture will automatically convert into Conversion Shares on the date that
is ninety (90) calendar days subsequent to the closing of a Qualified Offering or Qualified Event and (ii) a further fifty percent 50%
of the principal balance and all unpaid accrued interest on this Debenture will automatically convert into Conversion Shares on the date
that is one-hundred twenty (120) calendar days subsequent to the closing of such Qualified Offering or Qualified Event (each such date,
a Mandatory Conversion Date and each such conversion, a Mandatory Conversion). The number of
Conversion Shares that the Company issues upon such conversion will equal the quotient (rounded up to the nearest whole share) obtained
by dividing (x) the principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under this Debenture being converted on the applicable Mandatory Conversion
Date, by (y) the Mandatory Conversion Price. The issuance of Conversion Shares pursuant to the conversion of this Debenture will be on,
and subject to, the same terms and conditions applicable to the equity securities issued in the Qualified Offering or Qualified Event,
as applicable, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may elect to have up to 25% of the outstanding principal balance and
all unpaid accrued interest on this Debenture paid in cash prior to the date of the initial Mandatory Conversion, subject to the Holders
providing ten (10) days written notice of such election to the Company.

Section
5. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Reserved.

b)
Subsequent Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells
or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale,
grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares
of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion
Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion,
exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance,
be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance
shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with
the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of each Dilutive Issuance the Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base
Conversion Price (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions following the
date of the Purchase Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an Exempt
Issuance. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, despite the prohibition set forth in the Purchase Agreement, the Company
shall be deemed to have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible conversion price at which such securities
may be converted or exercised. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of
any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 5(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable
reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice).
For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(b), upon the
occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion Price
on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the
Notice of Conversion.

12

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time while this Debenture
is outstanding, the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right
to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase
Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Debenture is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Debenture, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in
the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to
such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion
of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

13

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, except for a Qualified Event (i) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii)
the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct
or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which
holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted
by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires
more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons
making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or
other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Debenture,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Debenture),
the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Debenture is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Debenture). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination
of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion
Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate
Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental
Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this
Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which
the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company
under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 5(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Debenture, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Debenture a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Debenture which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Debenture (without
regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Debenture) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which
applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common
Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock
and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Debenture immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such
Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.

14

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to the Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company
shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form)
on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole)
is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency
maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall
appear upon the Debenture Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified,
a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or
warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend,
distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the
Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Debenture during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through
the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

15

Section
6. Seniority. The indebtedness evidenced by this Debenture and the payment of the principal, interest, fees, penalties or
other amounts due or payable hereunder shall be Senior (as hereinafter defined) to, and have priority in right of payment over, all indebtedness
of the Company, now outstanding or hereinafter incurred. Senior as used herein shall be deemed to mean that, in the event
of any default in the payment of the obligations represented by this Debenture (after giving effect to "cure" provisions, if
any) or of any liquidation, insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, or similar proceedings relating to the Company, all sums payable
on this Debenture shall first be paid in full, with interest, if any, before any payment is made upon any other indebtedness, now outstanding
or hereinafter incurred, and, in any such event, any payment or distribution of any character which shall be made in respect of any other
indebtedness of the Company, shall be paid over to the Holder (and other Holders of Debentures) for application to the payment hereof,
unless and until the obligations under this Debenture (which shall mean the principal and other obligations arising out of, premium,
if any, interest on, and any costs and expenses payable under, this Debenture) shall have been paid and satisfied in full.

Section
7. Negative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, unless the Holders of at least 50% in
principal amount plus $1.00 of the then outstanding Debentures shall have otherwise given prior written consent, the Company shall not,
and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

a)
other than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money
of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired
or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom (for the avoidance of doubt, this shall include that the Company shall not
enter into any factoring agreement, merchant cash advance agreement or similar arrangement without prior written consent of the Holder);

b)
other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of
its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

c)
amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that is reasonably
likely to materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

16

d)
repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents other than as to (i) the Conversion Shares or Series F Preferred Shares as permitted or required under the
Transaction Documents, (ii) repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of departing officers and directors of the Company,
provided that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $50,000 for all officers and directors during the term of this Debenture,
or (iii) shares of Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents which do not vest or are otherwise forfeited, provided (in case of
forfeiture) that such Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents are not acquired for cash;

e)
repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness, other than the Debentures if on a pro-rata basis,
other than regularly scheduled principal and interest payments of Permitted Indebtedness; provided that such payments shall not be permitted
if, at such time, or after giving effect to such payment, any Event of Default exist or occur;

f)
pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company;

g)
enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly
approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval);
or

h)
enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

Section
8. Events of Default.

a)
Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and
whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of
any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

i.
any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing to
a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date, a Mandatory Conversion Date
or the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under
clause (B) above, is not cured within five (5) Trading Days;

ii.
the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other material covenant or agreement contained in the Debentures (other than a breach
by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in clause
(x) below) or in any Transaction Document, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) seven
(7) Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) seven (7) Trading Days
after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure;

17

iii.
a default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document, or instrument) shall
occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the Company
or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below);

iv.
any material representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto
or thereto or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue
or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

v.
the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy
Event;

vi.
the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture
agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any
indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation greater
than $175,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such indebtedness becoming or being
declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable, which default is not cured within five
(5) Trading Days;

vii.
the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or Fundamental Transaction
or shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in excess of 50% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether
or not such sale would constitute a Change of Control Transaction);

viii.
the Company shall fail for any reason to deliver Conversion Shares to a Holder prior to the fifth (5th) Trading Day after
a Conversion Date pursuant to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public
announcement, of the Companys intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof;

ix.
the electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation is no longer available or is subject to a chill for more than seven (7) Trading Days; or

x.
any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective
property or other assets for more than $175,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or
unstayed for a period of 60 calendar days.

18

b)
Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus accrued
but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at
the Holders election, immediately due and payable in cash; provided that upon any Event of Default under Section 8(a)(v) the Holder
shall be deemed to have automatically elected for the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest,
liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect to be immediately due and payable without any further action. Additionally, the
Holder, in its sole and absolute discretion, may: (a) from time-to-time demand that all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount
of this Debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof be converted into
Common Stock at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the then applicable Conversion Price and (ii) the then applicable Event
of Default Discount Price. No course of delay on the part of the Holder (including because the Holder has not obtained the consent of
the Requisite Holder) shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice the rights of the Holder. No remedy conferred hereby shall
be exclusive of any other remedy referred to herein or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise. All payments
shall be subject to the provisions of the Purchase Agreement with respect to the holders of the other Debentures. Upon the payment in
full of all amounts owing under this Debenture, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Debenture to or as directed by the Company.
In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of
its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and
annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until such
time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 8(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent
Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section
9. Miscellaneous.

a)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without
limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other email address, or address as the Company
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 9(a). Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment,
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address
of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such facsimile number or email attachment or address appears on the books
of the Company, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other
communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice
or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature
pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment to the email address set forth
on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv)
upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

19

b)
Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation
of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable,
on this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt obligation
of the Company. This Debenture ranks pari passu with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

c)
Lost or Mutilated Debenture. If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver,
in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen
or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only
upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to
the Company.

d)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles
of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the
transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan (the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and
agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York
Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Debenture or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding
to enforce any provisions of this Debenture, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action
or proceeding.

20

e)
Waiver. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed
to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company
or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver
or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture on any
other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing.

f)
Severability. If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain
in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons
and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing
usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under
applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or
in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit
or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever
enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company
(to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not,
by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit
the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

g)
Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Debenture
shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at
law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders
right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. The
Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein.
Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the
amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company
(or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to
the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such
breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining
any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is reasonably requested by the Holder
to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Debenture.

21

h)
Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

i)
Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

Section
10. Reserved.

Section
11. Amendments; Waivers. Any modifications, amendments or waivers of the provisions hereof shall be subject to Section 5.5 of
the Purchase Agreement.

Section
12. Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Debenture) shall be offered or paid to
any Person (as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement) to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision hereof
unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties to the Purchase Agreement. Further, the Company shall not make any
payment of principal or interest on the Debentures in amounts which are disproportionate to the respective principal amounts outstanding
on the Debentures at any applicable time. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser
by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall
not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase or disposition of the Debentures
or otherwise.

*********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

22

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

High
wire Networks, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Email for delivery of Notices:

23

ANNEX
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the 20% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debenture due _________
[___], 20254 of High Wire Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), into shares of common stock
(the Common Stock), of the Company according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of
Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable
with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith.
No fee will be charged to the holder for any conversion, except for such transfer taxes, if any.

By
the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that its ownership of the Common Stock
does not exceed the amounts specified under Section 4 of this Debenture, as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act.

The
undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer
of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock.

Conversion
calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion: ________

Principal Amount of Debenture to be Converted:

___________

Accrued Interest to be Converted through __________

[date]: $____________

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:
_______

Signature: ________________

Name: _________________

Address for Delivery of Common Stock Certificates:

____________________

Or

DWAC Instructions:

Broker No: _______________

Account No: _______________

4 3
months from the date the Debentures are first issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement.

24

Schedule
1

CONVERSION
SCHEDULE

The
20% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures due on ________ [__]5, 2025 in the aggregate principal amount
of $____________ is issued by High Wire Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation. This Conversion Schedule reflects conversions made under
Section 4 of the above referenced Debenture.

Dated:

Date
of Conversion

(or for first entry, 

Original Issue Date) Principal
Amount 

of Conversion Aggregate

Principal 

Amount 

Remaining

Subsequent to 

Conversion Company
Attest

5 3
months from the date the Debentures are first issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement.

25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022772701ex4-2_high.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

Warrant Shares: 3,210,702 Issue Date: January 16, 2025

THIS PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC, or its registered assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
July 16, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) until 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is five years following
the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from HIGH WIRE
NETWORKS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to 3,210,702 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the
Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain Placement Agent Agreement, by and between
the Company and Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC, dated as of January 13, 2025 (the Placement Agent Agreement).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated January 13, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant
to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no circumstance that would require the Company
to net cash settle this Warrant.

b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant shall be $0.0299, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either
(y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common
Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if
the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

1

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c), except to the extent required by applicable law, rules or regulations.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City
time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on a Trading Market and if prices for
the Common Stock are then reported on OTCQB or OTCQX and OTCQB or OTCQX, as applicable, is not a Trading Market, the VWAP of the Common
Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted
for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in
all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by
the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

Trading
Day shall have the meaning as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on a Trading Market
and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on OTCQB or OTCQX and OTCQB or OTCQX, as applicable, is not a Trading Market, the
volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if
the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The
Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per
share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of this Warrant), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading
Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the
Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver
to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth
Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant
Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST
program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means
the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the
Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder,
the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its
broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with (i) the Holders Affiliates, (ii) any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates, and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership
of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holders for the purposes of determination of beneficial ownership pursuant to Section
13(d) and Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common
Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder
or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. 
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder
is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this
Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify
or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder has detrimentally relied on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock that was provided to Holder in writing by the Company for such purpose. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated
above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and
the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises
of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent that the Holder relies on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided to Holder in writing by the Company for such purpose. For purposes of this
Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may
be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting
forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading
Day in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant,
by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was
reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in
strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, or (iii) issues by reclassification of shares
of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

7

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person in which the Company is not the surviving entity (other
than a reincorporation in a different state, a transaction for changing the Companys name, or a similar transaction pursuant to
which the surviving company remains a public company), (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale,
lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in one
or a series of related transactions (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme
of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a
Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to
receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at
the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital
stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.

8

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution
in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common
Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any Fundamental Transaction, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its
last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least three (3) calendar days prior
to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders
of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y)
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice; and provided, further, that no notice shall be required if the information is
disseminated in a press release or a document filed publicly with the Commission. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

9

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, which are incorporated
herein by reference, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this
Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company on the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment
form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon
presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which
new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer
which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for
the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall
be dated the original Issue Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto.

10

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Reserved.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Registration.

a) Demand
Registration Rights. The Company hereby grants to the Holder a one-time demand registration right for five (5)
years from the Issue Date with respect to the Warrant Shares.

b) Piggyback
Registration Rights. The Holder shall have the right, for a period commencing on the date the Warrants are exercisable and ending
on the earlier of (i) five years from the Issue Date, or (ii) the date that all Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder
in compliance with Rule 144, to include any and all of the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants (the Registrable Securities)
as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated by Rule
145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely in connection
with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable
discretion, impose a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock which may be included in the Registration Statement because,
in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution,
then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities
with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable
Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable
Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless
the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such
Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

11

c) Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5(a) and 5(b) hereof,
but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than fifteen (15) days written notice prior to the proposed date
of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed
by the Company during the five (5) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been sold by the Holder or are eligible for resale by the Holder in compliance with Rule 144. The holders of the Registrable Securities
shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein by giving written notice within five (5) days of the receipt of
the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall
be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under this Section 5(b); provided, however, that such registration
rights shall terminate on the Termination Date.

d) General
Terms.

i. Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Placement Agent contained in Section 4 of the Placement Agent Agreement. The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion in such registration statement.

ii. Exercise of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrants prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

12

iii. Documents Delivered to Holders. The Company shall deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder and underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

iv. Documents to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company a completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

v. Damages. Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5(a) and 5(b) hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the Holder(s), be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach of such provisions or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting bond or other security.

Section 6.Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

13

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

14

Before taking any
action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Placement Agent Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Placement Agent Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Placement Agent Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

15

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
Any modifications, amendments or waivers of the provisions hereof shall be subject the terms and conditions of the Placement Agent Agreement
regarding the same. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Warrant may be modified or amended, or the provisions hereof waived, with the
written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

By: 

Name: Mark W. Porter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

17

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

HIGH WIRE
NETWORKS, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

[ if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares
as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number
of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).]

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________________

Date: _______________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature:____________________ 

Holders Address:____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022772701ex10-1_high.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 13, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT LIST

A. Form of Debenture

B. Form of Security Agreement

C. Form of Subsidiary Guarantee

D. Form of Series F COD

2

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of January 13, 2025, between High Wire Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser
and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally
and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
given to such terms in the Debentures (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employeeor any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations
at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means any closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

3

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived. Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, there may
be one or more Closing Dates hereunder.

Closing
Required Minimum means, as of any date, a number equal to two times (2x) the greater of (i) the aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock then issued pursuant to the Transaction Documents and (ii) the maximum aggregate number potentially issuable in the future
pursuant to the Transaction Documents as of such date, including any Underlying Shares, ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set
forth therein.

Collateral
Agent means Helena Global Investment Opportunities 1 Ltd.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.00001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Pryor Cashman LLP, with offices located at 7 Times Square, New York, NY 10036-6569.

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Debentures.

Debentures
means the 20% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures due, subject to the terms therein, 3 months from their date
of issuance unless extended pursuant to the terms thereunder, issued by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder, in the form of Exhibit
A attached hereto, in whole increments of $100,000 of original principal amount.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

4

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options to employees, officers or directors
of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board
of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered
to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise, exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations)
or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority
of the directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144)
and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith, and provided
that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (d) Securities pursuant
to the Transaction Documents, and (e) securities issued pursuant to the Permitted ELOC.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Maximum
Rate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.17.

Offering
means the offering of Debentures and Series F Preferred Shares pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Permitted
ELOC shall mean a common stock purchase agreement between the Company and Helena Global Investment Opportunities 1 Ltd, or
a related party.

5

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent(s) means Joseph Gunnar & Co. LLC.

Post Closing
Required Minimum means, as of any date, a number equal to two times (2x) the greater of (i) the aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock then issued pursuant to the Transaction Documents and (ii) the maximum aggregate number potentially issuable in the future
pursuant to the Transaction Documents as of such date, including any Underlying Shares, ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set
forth therein.

Preferred
Conversion Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series F Preferred Shares.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Principal
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the amounts set forth below such Purchasers signature block on the signature pages
hereto next to the heading Principal Amount, in United States Dollars.

PubCo
means a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is registered under the Exchange Act and listed on a national securities exchange.

Public
Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).

Public
Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10.

Qualified
Event means the direct listing of the Companys securities on a Trading Market, a Reverse Takeover, or a merger with
a special purpose acquisition company (de-SPAC) transaction.

Qualified
Offering shall mean a registered offering of Common Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and warrants to purchase Common
Stock) for trading of the Common Stock on the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select
Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing) for proceeds of no less than $5,000,000.00.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Reverse
Takeover means a merger or share exchange by the Company with a PubCo and as a result of which the holders of the Companys
outstanding shares of Common Stock on a fully-diluted basis will own in excess of 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of PubCo.

6

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
means the Debentures, the Series F Preferred Shares, and the Underlying Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series
F COD means the certificate of designation, preferences, and rights of the Series F Preferred Shares., substantially in the
form of Exhibit D hereto.

Series
F Preferred Shares means the shares of the Series F preferred stock of the Company, having a stated value per share of $10,000,
and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Senior
Lenders means Kings Wharf Opportunities Fund, LP and Herald Investment Management Limited.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subordination
Agreement means that certain subordination agreement, among the Company, the Subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, the
Senior Lenders, and the Collateral Agent.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Debentures and Series F Preferred Shares purchased
hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription
Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect Subsidiary
of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

7

Subsidiary
Guarantee means the Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of the date hereof, by each Subsidiary in favor of the Purchasers, in the
form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Security
Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Subsidiaries and the Purchasers,
in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Termination
Date means the date on which the Offering expires or is terminated.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Debentures, the Series F COD, the Security Agreement, Subsidiary Guarantee, the Subordination
Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means EQ Shareowner Services, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1110 Centre Pointe
Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underlying
Shares means the Preferred Conversion Shares and the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable pursuant to the terms of the
Debenture, in each case without respect to any limitation or restriction on the conversion of the Debentures or the Series F Preferred
Shares.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase,
Debentures and Series F Preferred Shares as set forth on each Purchasers signature page hereto. Each Purchaser shall have delivered
pursuant to the instructions contained on Schedule 2.1, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers
Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser. Upon the exchange of items set forth in Section
2.2, the Company and the Placement Agent may give notice to the Companys counsel to arrange an initial Closing. At any Closing
hereunder, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Debenture and Preferred Share, as determined pursuant to Section
2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Following
the initial Closing subsequent closings may be held up to the sale of the Maximum Amount. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions
set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at such location as the parties shall mutually agree. Closings hereunder shall
only be held during the Offering Period and in no event shall a Closing occur after the Termination Date.

8

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each of the Placement Agent on behalf of each Purchaser
the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
Debenture with a principal amount equal to such Purchasers Principal Amount, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(iii) evidence
of the issuance of a number of Series F Preferred Shares having an aggregate stated value equal to 90% of such Purchasers Principal
Amount;

(iv) the
Subsidiary Guarantee and the Security Agreement, duly executed by the parties thereto;

(v) a
copy of a good standing certificate of the Company and each Subsidiary, dated a date reasonably close to each Closing Date;

(vi) for
initial Closing Date only, a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed, and delivered by an officer of the Company, certifying
the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors then in full force and effect authorizing, to the extent relevant, all aspects
of the transaction and the execution, delivery and performance of each Transaction Document to be executed and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby;

(vii)
the executed Permitted ELOC, executed by the parties thereto

(viii)
opinion of counsel to the Company in form satisfactory to the counsel to the Placement Agent; and

(ix) such
other approvals, opinions, or documents as the Placement Agent and/or the Purchasers may request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Placement Agent and/or the Purchasers, as applicable.

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount as to the Closing by wire transfer to the account specified in Schedule 2.1 hereto.

9

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects on (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met (it
being understood that the Company may waive any of the conditions for any Closing hereafter):

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect since the date hereof;

(v) Placement
Agent shall have received a certificate of an officer of the Company, dated as of the date of such Closing, certifying, as to the fulfillment
of the conditions set forth in subparagraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above. and

(vi) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited,
or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor
shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred
any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or
any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable
or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

10

2.4 Extension
Series F Preferred Shares. If the Maturity Date of the Debentures shall be extended past the Original Maturity Date (as defined in
the Debentures), the Company shall issue to each Purchaser an additional number of Series F Preferred Shares having an aggregate stated
value equal to 30% of such Purchasers Principal Amount.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). Except as set forth on Schedule
3.1(a), the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear
of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid,
non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents, except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(b). Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct
business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted
or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case
may be, could not reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any
Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys or Subsidiaries
ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii),
a Material Adverse Effect) and to the knowledge of the Company, no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction
revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

11

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement.

(i) The
Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the
Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with
the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have
been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable
principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement
of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief
or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(ii) With
respect to the Subsidiary Guarantee and the Security Agreement, each of the Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power and authority
to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by such agreements and otherwise to carry out its respective obligations
thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Subsidiary Guarantee and the Security Agreement, and the consummation by the Subsidiaries
of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each of the Subsidiaries, and
no further action is required by the respective entities, its officers, directors, managers or its members in connection therewith. The
Subsidiary Guarantee and the Security Agreement have been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the respective Subsidiaries
and, when delivered in accordance with the terms thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of each of the Subsidiaries
enforceable against such Subsidiary in accordance with its terms, except (A) as listed by general equitable principals and applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally, (B) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies
and (C) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any material Lien upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other
instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party
or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(d),
or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal
and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except
in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

12

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(e), the Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver,
authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other
governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents,
other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.6 of this Agreement, and (ii) the filing of Form D with the Commission and
such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than
restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Underlying Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of
the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. On the date of this Agreement, the Company has reserved from
its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares equal to or greater than the
Closing Required Minimum. On or before the Closing Date, the Company will reserve from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares
of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares equal to or greater than the Post Closing Required Minimum as of such date.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g). The Company has not issued any capital
stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options
under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees or consultants pursuant to the Companys
employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of
the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except as disclosed on Schedule
3.1(g). Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and, as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding
options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or
obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares
of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any
Subsidiary. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any
Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such
security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings,
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any
preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities, except for shareholder approval to increase
the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with
respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any
of the Companys stockholders.

13

(h) Financial
Statements. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), the financial statements of the Company comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time
of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(i) since the date of the latest
audited financial statements of the Company (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other
than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities
not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission,
(iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of
cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except
for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has
occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses,
prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable
securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day
prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any
of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, could, if there were an unfavorable decision,
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of
the Company, any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or material liability
under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. The Company has not received, and to the knowledge of the
Company, there is not pending or threatened, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director
or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

14

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company
or any Subsidiary, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that
their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer would not reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to any material liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in material
compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms
and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received written notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any material term of any
indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties
is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court,
arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any material provision of any statute, rule, ordinance
or regulation of any governmental authority to which it is subject, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local
laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor
matters, except in each case as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to
pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder
(Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under
applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of
any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities which are reasonably necessary to conduct their respective businesses as conducted as of
the date hereof or as expected to be conducted during such time as the Debentures remain outstanding, except where the failure to possess
such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

15

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, as applicable, and (ii) Liens for the
payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment
of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse
Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is
expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that
the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected
to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there
is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality, and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where
failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have insurance coverage from insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and
risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage of at least $4,000,000. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason
to believe that it will not be able to renew such insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from
similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business.

(r) Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the Company or
any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees
for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including
stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

16

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder
that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general
or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The
Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the
Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the
Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. Except with respect to the fees and expenses payable to the Placement Agent as described in Section 5.2 hereto, no brokerage
or finders fees or commissions or other remuneration are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiaries directly or indirectly
to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.

17

(v) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration
Rights. Except for as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(w), no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to affect
the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiaries.

(x) Reserved.

(y) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(z) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and except as set
forth on Schedule 3.1(z), the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the
Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Transaction Documents and disclosure schedules to
this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press
releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees
that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than
those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa) No Integrated
Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company,
nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security
or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with
prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the
Securities Act.

18

(bb) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the of Securities hereunder, the Company will have sufficient cash to operate its business as currently
operated for a period of six months from the initial Closing Date. The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead
it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within
one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $100,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Except
as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(bb), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(cc) Taxes.
(a) Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(cc) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has timely paid all taxes and other charges
due by the Company to any local or foreign tax authorities, including, without limitation, income taxes, estimated taxes, excise taxes,
sales taxes, value added taxes, use taxes, gross receipts taxes, franchise taxes, national insurance taxes, national healthcare contributions,
employment and payroll related taxes, property taxes and import duties, whether or not measured in whole or in part by net income (hereinafter,
Taxes or, individually, a Tax) which have come due and are required to be paid by it through
the date hereof or the date of the relevant Closing, and all deficiencies or other additions to Tax, interest and penalties owed by it
in connection with any such Taxes; (b) except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(cc), each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has duly and
timely submitted or caused to be submitted all returns for Taxes that it is required to submit on and through the date hereof or the date
of the relevant Closing, as applicable (including, in each case, all applicable extensions), and all such Tax returns are accurate and
complete in all material respects; (c) with respect to all Tax returns of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (i) there is no unassessed
Tax deficiency proposed or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries and (ii) no audit is in
progress with respect to any return for Taxes, no extension of time is in force with respect to any date on which any return for Taxes
was or is to be submitted and no waiver or agreement is in force for the extension of time for the assessment or payment of any Tax; (d)
all provisions for Tax liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been made consistent with GAAP consistently applied, and all
liabilities for Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries attributable to periods prior to or ending on the date hereof or the date of
the relevant Closing, as applicable, have been adequately provided for; (e) there are no liens for Taxes on the assets of the Company
or its Subsidiaries; (f) all monies required to be withheld by the Company (including from employees for income Taxes and social security
and other payroll Taxes) have been collected or withheld, and either paid to the respective taxing authorities, set aside in accounts
for such purpose, or accrued, reserved against and entered upon the books of the Company; (g) to the knowledge of the Company, there are
no circumstances which will or may, whether by lapse of time or the issue of any notice of assessment or otherwise, give rise to any dispute
with any relevant taxation authority in relation to the Companys or its Subsidiaries liability or accountability for Tax
under currently enacted statutes and regulations, any claim made by any of them, any relief, deduction, or allowance afforded to any such
company, or in relation to the status or character of the Company or its Subsidiaries under or for the purpose of any provision of any
legislation relating to Tax; (h) the Company has duly collected all amounts on account of any sales transfer Taxes or VAT, including goods
and services, harmonized sales and provincial or territorial sales Taxes, required by law to be collected by it, and has duly and timely
remitted to the appropriate governmental authority any such amounts required by law to be remitted by it; and (i) the Company has not
refunded or deducted any input VAT that it was not so entitled to deduct or refund.

19

(dd) No General
Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any
form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and certain
other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(ee) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ff) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is Sadler, Gibb & Associates, LLC. Such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm
as required by the Exchange Act.

(gg) Seniority.
As of the Closing Date, except as provided in Schedule 3.1(gg), no Indebtedness or other claim against the Company is senior to
the Debentures in right of payment, whether with respect to interest or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than indebtedness
secured by purchase money security interests (which is senior only as to underlying assets covered thereby) and capital lease obligations
(which is senior only as to the property covered thereby).

(hh) No Disagreements
with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company
to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current
with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations
under any of the Transaction Documents.

20

(ii) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(jj) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which
any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a short position in the Common Stock and (iv)
each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Underlying
Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of
the existing stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. 
The Company acknowledges that such hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(kk) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

21

(ll) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. To the knowledge of the Company, no stock
option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no
and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of
stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their
financial results or prospects.

(mm) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(nn) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(oo) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(pp) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

22

(qq) No Disqualification
Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none of
(i) the Company, or (ii) to the Companys knowledge, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer,
other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together,
Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any of the "Bad Actor" disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)
to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule
506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(rr) Other
Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly
or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(ss) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating
to any Issuer Covered Person.

(tt) Shell
Status. The Company is not a shell issuer and that if it previously has been a shell issuer that at least
12 months have passed since the Company has reported form 10 type information indicating it is no longer a shell issuer.
Further, in addition to all other existing rights and obligations as set forth in the Debentures and the Series F COD, the Company will
instruct its counsel, at the Companys expense, to either (i) issue a Rule 144 opinion to allow for salability of the Underlying
Shares under the Debentures and the Preferred Conversion Shares (provided Purchaser shall provide, upon request, customary certifications
for such counsel to rely upon to issue its opinion) or (ii) accept such opinion from Purchasers counsel.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

23

(b) Own
Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with
a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution
of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting
such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to a registration statement covering the resale of such security or otherwise
in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary
course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it converts any Debentures or Series F Preferred Shares it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),
(a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication, and experience
in business and financial matters to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and
has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser can bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities
and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Securities because of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers
from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of
investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business,
properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment, and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional
information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment
decision with respect to the investment.

24

(g) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty against, or a prohibition of, any actions
with respect to the borrowing of, arrangement to borrow, identification of the availability of, and/or securing of, securities of the
Company for such Purchaser (or its broker or other financial representative) to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document, or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) The
Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of
counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities
Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have
the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

25

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following
form:

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES
INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS [EXERCISABLE] [CONVERTIBLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON [EXERCISE] [CONVERSION] OF THIS
SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH
SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured
Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal
counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such
pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee
or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities
have been registered for resale pursuant to a registration statement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement
under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of selling
stockholders thereunder.

26

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Underlying Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration
statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Underlying Shares
pursuant to Rule 144 or (iii) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall, at its expense, cause its counsel, or at the option of a
Purchaser, counsel determined by such Purchaser, to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly if required
by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively subject to compliance
with the Securities Act and/or Rule 144 (for the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall pay all costs associated with such opinions). If
all or any portion of a Debenture or Series F Preferred Share is converted at a time when there is an effective registration statement
to cover the resale of the Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying Shares may be sold under Rule 144 or if such legend is not otherwise
required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff
of the Commission) then such Underlying Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that at such time as such legend
is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of
Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the
Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend
Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from
all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that
enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Underlying Shares subject to legend removal hereunder
shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard
settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock
as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend.

(d) In
addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of principal of Debenture delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to
Section 4.1(c), $5 per Trading Day (increasing to $15 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for
each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a)
issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered
to the Company by such Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser
purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of
all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion
of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then,
an amount equal to the excess of such Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket
expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any)
(the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number of Underlying Shares that the Company was required
to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the average of the closing sale prices of the Common Stock on
any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Underlying
Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii).

27

(e) Each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant
to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption
therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution
set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth
in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2 Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents,
are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of
any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may
have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.3 Furnishing
of Information; Public Information.

(a) Until
the time that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b)
or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

(b) At
any time during the period commencing on the date of a Qualified Offering or Qualified Event and ending at such time that all of the Securities
may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation
pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c)
or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144 (i)(1)(i) or becomes an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy
any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition to such Purchasers
other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason
of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to one percent (1%) of the aggregate
Subscription Amount of such Purchasers Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th)
day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure
is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer the Underlying Shares
pursuant to Rule 144, provided that such liquidated damages shall not exceed in the aggregate to ten percent (10%) of such Purchasers
aggregate Subscription Amount.The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) are referred
to herein as Public Information Failure Payments.Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the
earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third
(3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured.In the
event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall
bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers
right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. Further, for the avoidance
of doubt, the parties agree that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no payment for a Public Information Failure shall be
payable if the Public Information Failure is directly due to any Purchasers actions that delay or prevent the Company from performing
its obligation under this Section 4.3.

28

4.4 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes
of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other
transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5 Conversion
Procedures. Each form of Notice of Conversion included in the Debentures and the Series F COD set forth the totality of the procedures
required of the Purchasers to convert the Debentures or the Series F Preferred Shares. Without limiting the preceding sentence, no ink-original
Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of Notice of Conversion
form be required to convert the Debentures or the Series F Preferred Shares. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions
shall be required of the Purchasers to convert their Debentures or Series F Preferred Shares. The Company shall honor conversions of the
Debentures and the Series F Preferred Shares and shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods
set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.6 Publicity.
The Company and the Placement Agent shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement
without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the Placement
Agent, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure
is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement
or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such
Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission
and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers
with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

4.7 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.8 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.6, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes,
material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed
with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the
foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or
Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable
law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company.

29

4.9 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes, and shall
not use such proceeds: (a) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation, (b) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations, or (c) to lend,
give credit or make advances to any officers, directors, employees or affiliates of the Company.

4.10 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.10, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses,
liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court
costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of
or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against
any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify
the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to such Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable
to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written
consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage
or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.10
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against
the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

30

4.11 Reservation
of Common Stock.

(a) Subject
to the last two sentences of Section 3.1(f) and Section 4.11(b), the Company shall maintain a reserve of the Closing Required Minimum
and Post Closing Required Minimum, as applicable, from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction
Documents in such amounts as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

(b) If,
on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Post Closing Required
Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the Companys certificate or
articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Post Closing Required
Minimum at such time, as soon as possible and in any event not later than the 90th day after such date; provided, for the avoidance of
doubt, that this Section 4.11(b) shall not act as a waiver of the Companys obligation to reserve the number of shares required
under the last sentence of Section 3.1(f).

4.12 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From the
date hereof until 90 days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue
or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except as set forth in subsection
4.12(c) below.

(b) From the
date hereof until such time as no Purchaser holds any of the Debentures, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the
Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right
to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is
based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance
of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement,
including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. Any Purchaser
shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to
any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of a (i) Qualified Offering or Qualified Event, or (ii) Exempt Issuance, except
that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance, except for the Permitted ELOC.

31

4.13 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to such Transaction Documents. Further, the Company shall not make any payment of principal or interest
on the Debentures in amounts which are disproportionate to the respective principal amounts outstanding on the Debentures at any applicable
time. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated
separately by each Purchaser and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed
as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.14 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it,
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales,
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.6.Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything
contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.6, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described
in Section 4.6.Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate
portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the
investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above
shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase
the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.15 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and
to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under
applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of any Purchaser.

32

4.16 Capital
Changes. Except in connection with the Qualified Offering or a Qualified Event, until the six (6) month anniversary of the Closing
Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written
consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in principal amount outstanding of the Debentures.

4.17 Reserved

4.18 Resale
Registration.

(a) The
Company agrees to include the Underlying Shares in the registration statement to be made with the Commission relating to the proposed
Qualified Financing (the Registration Statement) and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such
registration statement to become effective at the as soon as possible thereafter, but in any event no later than 110 days of the Closing
Date (the Effectiveness Date). The Company shall qualify or register the Underlying Shares in such states as are
reasonably requested by the Purchasers; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Underlying Shares
in a state in which such registration would cause the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such state or submit
to general service of process in such state. The Company shall cause the Registration Statement filed pursuant to this section to remain
effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Registration Statement becomes effective (the
Effectiveness Period). The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the foregoing registration, other
than any and all underwriting discounts, selling commissions, applicable to the sale of the Underlying Shares.

(b) If:
(i) the Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to the date that is forty-five (45) days following the Closing Date, or (ii) the
Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Underlying Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness
Date, or (iii) after the effective date of the Registration Statement and during the Effectiveness Period, such Registration Statement
ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Underlying Securities included in such Registration Statement, for more
than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar
days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses
(i) and (ii), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar
day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the
Purchasers may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date
(if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Purchaser
an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 1% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription
Amount paid by such Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this
Section in full within seven (7) days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such
lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Purchaser, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated
damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms
hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event.

33

4.19 Participation
in Future Financings.

(a) From
the date hereof until the date following the closing of a Qualified Offering or Qualified Event, upon any issuance by the Company of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for consideration (a Subsequent Financing), each Purchaser shall have the right
to participate in the Subsequent Financing in an amount equal to the initial Principal Amount of such Purchasers Debenture (excluding
any over-allotment amount) (the Participation Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the
Subsequent Financing.

(b) Between
the time period of 4:00 pm (New York City time) and 6:00 pm (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Trading Day
of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Financing (or, if the Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Financing
is the first Trading Day following a holiday or a weekend (including a holiday weekend), between the time period of 4:00 pm (New York
City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to such holiday or weekend and 2:00 pm (New York City time) on the day immediately prior
to the Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Financing), the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a written notice
of the Companys intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (a Subsequent Financing Notice), which notice shall
describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder
and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a term sheet and
transaction documents relating thereto as an attachment.

(c) Any
Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Financing must provide written notice to the Company by 6:30 am (New York City time)
on the Trading Day following the date on which the Subsequent Financing Notice is delivered to such Purchaser (the Notice Termination
Time) that such Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of such Purchasers participation,
and representing and warranting that such Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth
in the Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from a Purchaser as of such Notice Termination Time, such Purchaser
shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate in such Subsequent Financing.

(d) If,
by the Notice Termination Time, notifications by the Purchasers of their willingness to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to
cause their designees to participate) is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Company may
effect the remaining portion of such Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

(e) If,
by the Notice Termination Time, the Company receives responses to a Subsequent Financing Notice from Purchasers seeking to purchase more
than the aggregate amount of the Participation Maximum, each such Purchaser shall have the right to purchase its Pro Rata Portion (as
defined below) of the Participation Maximum. As used in this Section 4.19, Pro Rata Portion means, as to any
Purchaser participating under this Section 4.19, the ratio of (x) the Subscription Amount of Securities purchased on the Closing
Date by a Purchaser participating under this Section 4.19 and (y) the sum of the aggregate Subscription Amounts of Securities purchased
on the Closing Date by all Purchasers participating under this Section 4.19.

34

(f) The
Company must provide the Purchasers with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchasers will again have the right of participation
set forth above in this Section 4.19, if the definitive agreement related to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice is not entered
into for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within 2 Trading Days after the date of delivery of the
initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

(g) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.19 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.20 Purchasers
Conversion Limitation upon Reserved Shares Deficit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any Transaction
Document, if at any time, the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance by the Company in order to fulfill its obligations
under the Transaction Documents (the Reserved Shares) is less than the aggregate number of shares then issuable upon
the conversion in full of all then outstanding Debentures and Series F Preferred Shares (a Reserved Shares Deficit),
the Company and each Purchaser agrees that each Purchaser shall not be entitled to convert Debentures or Series F Preferred Shares for
a number of shares of Common Stock greater than such Purchasers Pro Rata Portion of the Reserved Shares until such time as the
number of Reserved Shares is equal to or greater than the aggregate number of shares then issuable upon the conversion in full of all
then outstanding Debentures and Series F Preferred Shares. As used in in this Section 4.19, Pro Rata Portion means,
as to any Purchaser, the ratio of (x) the Subscription Amount of Securities purchased on the Closing Date by such Purchaser and (y) the
sum of the aggregate Subscription Amounts of Securities purchased on the Closing Date by all Purchasers. Within 1 day of the occurrence
of a Reserved Shares Deficit, the Company shall provide notice to each Purchaser of the number of Reserved Shares and the Reserved Shares
Deficit, and within 1 day of the cure of any Reserved Shares Deficit, the Company shall provide notice to each Purchaser of such cure.

4.21 Appointment
and Authority of Collateral Agent. Each Purchaser appoints and authorizes Collateral Agent to enter into such Subordination Agreement(s)
with Senior Lenders on such terms acceptable to Senior Lenders including, without limitation, the blockage of payments or rights to pursue
Collateral and to provide a copy of this Agreement to Senior Lenders as evidence of Collateral Agents authority granted hereunder.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the tenth (10th) Trading Day following the date hereof, provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

35

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. The Company agrees to reimburse each Purchaser for all of its legal fees and expenses in connection with the negotiation,
preparation, execution, and delivery of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation,
any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion delivered by a Purchaser),
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers. In addition, Joseph
Gunnar & Co. LLC is acting as placement agent for this private offering pursuant to a placement agency agreement with the Company
and will receive certain cash on amounts closed on pursuant to this Agreement, as well as an expense reimbursement from the Company, of
up to $25,000 for reimbursement of its legal fees in connection with the Transaction.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that
is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.0% plus $1.00, of the Debentures based on the initial
Subscription Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought,
provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers),
the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with
respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver
of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition, or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially, and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the
other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

36

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.10. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Placement Agent shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary of the representations and
warranties of the Company as contained in Section 3.1 of this Agreement and shall have the right to enforce such provisions directly to
the extent it may deem such enforcement necessary or advisable to protect its rights.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees, or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.10, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

37

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page was an original
thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants, and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of a conversion
of a Debenture or Series F Preferred Share, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to
any such rescinded conversion notice.

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen, or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

38

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Usury.
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by any Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under
any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed
and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature of interest shall not
exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing,
in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest
that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract
rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental
action after the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction
Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances
whatsoever, interest more than the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to any Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the
Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded
to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at such Purchasers election.

39

5.18 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.19 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.20 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised, on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.21 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.22 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY
WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

40

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

High WIRE NETWORKS, Inc. Address for Notice:

980 N. Federal Highway

Suite 304

Boca Raton, Florida 33432

By: Email:

Name: 

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Pryor Cashman LLP 

7 Times Square 

New York, NY 10036-6569 

Attn: Ali Panjwani 

Email: ali.panjwani@pryorcashman.com 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

41

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO 

sECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
__________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________

Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_____________

Principal Amount: $_____________

Series F Preferred Shares:__________________

EIN Number: _______________________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

42
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022772701ex10-2_high.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 13, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SECURITY AGREEMENT

This SECURITY AGREEMENT,
dated as of January 13, 2025 (this Agreement), is among HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
each Guarantor (as defined below), the holders of the 20% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures issued by the
Company (collectively, the Debentures) signatory hereto, their endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively,
the Secured Parties), and Helena Global Investment Opportunities 1 Ltd. in its capacity as Agent (as defined below).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement (as defined in the Debentures), the Secured Parties have severally agreed to extend the loans to the Company evidenced by the
Debentures;

WHEREAS, pursuant to a certain
Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of the date hereof (the Guarantee), HWN, Inc., a Delaware corporation (HWN),
Secure Voice Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Secure Voice), Overwatch Cyberlab, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(Overwatch Cyberlab), and AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability company (AW Solutions
and, together with HWN, Secure Voice, and Overwatch, the Guarantors and each, individually a Guarantor)
agreed to guarantee and act as surety for payment of such Debentures;

WHEREAS, the Company and each
Guarantor, are referred to herein as a Debtor collectively as the Debtors; and

WHEREAS, in order to induce
the Secured Parties to extend the loans evidenced by the Debentures, each Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver to the Secured Parties
this Agreement and to grant the Secured Parties, pari passu with each other Secured Party and through the Agent (as defined in
Section 18 hereof), a security interest in all assets of each Debtor to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of
all of the Companys obligations under the Debentures.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. Certain
Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. Terms used but not
otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC (such as account, chattel paper,
commercial tort claim, deposit account, document, equipment, fixtures,
general intangibles, goods, instruments, inventory, investment property,
letter-of-credit rights, proceeds and supporting obligations) shall have the respective meanings
given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC.

(a) Collateral
means the collateral in which the Secured Parties are granted a security interest by this Agreement and which shall include the following
personal property of each Debtor, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence, wherever situated,
and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof,
including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering the same and of any
tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends, interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other property at any time
and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the Pledged Securities
(as defined below):

(i) All
goods, including, without limitation, (A) all machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships, appliances,
furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature and wherever
situated, together with all documents of title and documents representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements
therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and useful in connection with any
Debtors businesses and all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory;

(ii) All
contract rights and other general intangibles, including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests, stock or
other securities, rights under any of the Organizational Documents, agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses, distribution
and other agreements, computer software (whether off-the-shelf, licensed from any third party or developed by any Debtor),
computer software development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, Intellectual
Property and income tax refunds;

(iii) All
accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods,
equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and guaranties with respect to
each account, including any right of stoppage in transit;

(iv) All
documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and chattel paper;

(v) All
commercial tort claims;

(vi) All
deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in such deposit accounts);

(vii) All
investment property;

(viii) All
supporting obligations; and

(ix) All
files, records, books of account, business papers, and computer programs; and

(x) the
products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in clauses (i)-(ix) above.

2

Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Collateral shall include all investment property and general intangibles respecting
ownership and/or other equity interests in any Debtor, including, without limitation, the shares of capital stock and the other equity
interests listed on Schedule H hereto (as the same may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof), and any other
shares of capital stock and/or other equity interests of any other direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor obtained in the future,
and, in each case, all certificates representing such shares and/or equity interests and, in each case, all rights, options, warrants,
stock, other securities and/or equity interests that may hereafter be received, receivable or distributed in respect of, or exchanged
for, any of the foregoing and all rights arising under or in connection with the Pledged Securities, including, but not limited to, all
dividends, interest and cash.

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an assignment of any asset which, in the event of an assignment, becomes void
by operation of applicable law or the assignment of which is otherwise prohibited by applicable law (in each case to the extent that such
applicable law is not overridden by Sections 9-406, 9-407 and/or 9-408 of the UCC or other similar applicable law); provided, however,
that to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in such asset and, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in the proceeds of such asset.

(b) Intellectual
Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether
arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising under
the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether
published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without
limitation, all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the United
States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for letters
patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all trademarks,
trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names
and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations
and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in
any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise,
and all common law rights related thereto, (iv) all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any
political subdivision thereof, (v) all rights to obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing, (vi) all licenses for
any of the foregoing, and (vii) all causes of action for infringement of the foregoing.

3

(c) Majority
in Interest means, at any time of determination, the majority in interest (based on then-outstanding principal amounts of
Debentures at the time of such determination) of the Secured Parties.

(d) Necessary
Endorsement means undated stock powers endorsed in blank or other proper instruments of assignment duly executed and such other
instruments or documents as the Agent (as that term is defined below) may reasonably request.

(e) Obligations
means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or
that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of the Company or any Debtor to the Secured Parties, including,
without limitation, all obligations under this Agreement, the Debentures, the Guarantee and any other instruments, agreements or other
documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or
involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether
or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations
or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of
the Secured Parties as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended
or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without
limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Debentures and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities,
costs, obligations and liabilities of the Company and each Debtor from time to time under or in connection with this Agreement, the Debentures,
the Guarantee and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith;
and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for
the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization
or similar proceeding involving any Debtor.

(f) Organizational
Documents means with respect to any Debtor, the documents by which such Debtor was organized (such as a certificate of incorporation,
certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for
preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws, a partnership
agreement or an operating, limited liability or members agreement).

(g) Pledged
Interests shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(j).

(h) Pledged
Securities shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(i).

4

(i) UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Nevada and or any other applicable law of any state or states which has jurisdiction
with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral or this Agreement, from time to time. It is the intent of the parties that defined
terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so that the term Collateral will be construed in its broadest
sense. Accordingly, if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated
herein and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling.

2. Grant
of Security Interest in Collateral. As an inducement for the Secured Parties to extend the loans as evidenced by the Debentures and
to secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, each Debtor
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably pledges, grants and hypothecates to the Secured Parties, a first lien in, and security interest
upon, and a right of set-off against all of its right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and nature in and to, the Collateral (a Security
Interest and, collectively, the Security Interests).

3. Delivery
of Certain Collateral. Contemporaneously or prior to the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Agent (a) any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing thes Pledged Securities, and (b) any and all
certificates and other instruments or documents representing any of the other Collateral, in each case, together with all Necessary Endorsements.
The Company is, contemporaneously with the execution hereof, delivering to Agent, or have previously delivered to Agent, a true and correct
copy of each Organizational Document governing any of the Pledged Securities.

4. Representations,
Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of each Debtor. Except as set forth under the corresponding section of the disclosure schedules
delivered to the Secured Parties concurrently herewith (the Disclosure Schedules), which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof, each Debtor represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the Secured Parties as follows:

(a) Each
Debtor has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by each Debtor of this Agreement and the filings
contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Debtor and no further action is required by
such Debtor. This Agreement has been duly executed by each Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
of each Debtor, enforceable against each Debtor in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors
and by general principles of equity.

(b) Each
Debtor has no place of business or offices where their respective books of account and records are kept (other than temporarily at the
offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where Collateral is stored or located, except as set forth on Schedule A attached
hereto. Except as specifically set forth on Schedule A, each Debtor is the record owner of the real property where such Collateral
is located, and there exist no mortgages or other liens on any such real property except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures).
Except as disclosed on Schedule A, none of such Collateral is in the possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or
processor.

5

(c) Except
as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, each Debtor is the sole owner of its Collateral (except for non-exclusive licenses
granted by any Debtor in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims,
and are fully authorized to grant the Security Interests. Except as set forth on Schedule C attached hereto, there is not on file
in any governmental or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing statement, security agreement, license
or transfer or any notice of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to this
Agreement) covering or affecting any of the Collateral. Except as set forth on Schedule C attached hereto and except pursuant to
this Agreement, as long as this Agreement shall be in effect, each Debtor shall not execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file
in any such office or agency any other financing statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or recorded in
favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement).

(d) No
written claim has been received that any Collateral or any Debtors use of any Collateral violates the rights of any third party.
There has been no adverse decision to any Debtor's claim of ownership rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction
or to any Debtor's right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full force and effect, and there is no proceeding involving said rights
pending or, to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any court, judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency, arbitrator
or other governmental authority.

(e) Each
Debtor shall at all times maintain its books of account and records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and
its Collateral at the locations set forth on Schedule A attached hereto and may not relocate such books of account and records
or tangible Collateral unless it delivers to the Secured Parties at least 30 days prior to such relocation (i) written notice of such
relocation and the new location thereof (which must be within the United States) and (ii) evidence that appropriate financing statements
under the UCC and other necessary documents have been filed and recorded and other steps have been taken to perfect the Security Interests
to create in favor of the Secured Parties a valid, perfected and continuing perfected lien in the Collateral.

(f) This
Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Parties a valid first priority security interest in the Collateral, securing the payment and
performance of the Obligations. Upon making the filings described in the immediately following paragraph, all security interests created
hereunder in any Collateral which may be perfected by filing UCC financing statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for the filing
of the UCC financing statements referred to in the immediately following paragraph, the execution and delivery of deposit account control
agreements satisfying the requirements of Section 9-104(a)(2) of the UCC with respect to each deposit account of each Debtor, and the
delivery of the certificates and other instruments provided in Section 3, no action is necessary to create, perfect or protect the security
interests created hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for the filing of said financing statements, and
the execution and delivery of said deposit account control agreements, no consent of any third parties and no authorization, approval
or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for (i) the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement, (ii) the creation or perfection of the Security Interests created hereunder in the Collateral
or (iii) the enforcement of the rights of the Agent and the Secured Parties hereunder.

6

(g) Each
Debtor hereby authorizes the Agent to file one or more financing statements under the UCC, with respect to the Security Interests, with
the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction deemed proper by it.

(h) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by each Debtor does not (i) violate any of the provisions of any Organizational
Documents of any Debtor or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator or any applicable law, rule
or regulation applicable to any Debtor or (ii) except as set forth on Schedule B, conflict with, or constitute a default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing any Debtor's debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which any Debtor is a party or by which any property or asset of
any Debtor is bound or affected. If any, all required consents (including, without limitation, from stockholders or creditors of any Debtor)
necessary for any Debtor to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder have been obtained.

(i) The
capital stock and other equity interests listed on Schedule H hereto (the Pledged Securities) represent all
of the capital stock and other equity interests of the Subsidiaries and represent all capital stock and other equity interests owned,
directly or indirectly, by the Company. All of the Pledged Securities are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the Company
is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Securities that it owns, free and clear of any lien, security interest or other encumbrance
except for the security interests created by this Agreement and other Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures). During the period
in which the Debentures are outstanding, each Debtor will not without the prior written consent of the Agent, directly or indirectly,
sell, offer, contract or grant any option to sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of or transfer, any shares of their capital stock,
options, rights or warrants to acquire shares of capital stock or securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares
of capital stock.

(j) The
ownership and other equity interests in partnerships and limited liability companies (if any) included in the Collateral (the Pledged
Interests) by their express terms do not provide that they are securities governed by Article 8 of the UCC and are not held
in a securities account or by any financial intermediary.

(k) Each
Debtor shall at all times maintain the liens and Security Interests provided for hereunder as valid and perfected first priority liens
and security interests in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Parties, except as otherwise disclosed, until this Agreement and the
Security Interest hereunder shall be terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof. Each Debtor hereby agrees to defend the same against the
claims of any and all persons and entities. Each Debtor shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for the account of the Secured Parties.
At the request of the Agent, each Debtor will sign and deliver to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties at any time or from time
to time one or more financing statements pursuant to the UCC in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and will pay the cost of filing
the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is deemed by the Agent to be, necessary or desirable to effect the rights and obligations
provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Debtor shall pay all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary
to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interests hereunder, and each Debtor shall obtain and furnish to the Agent from time to time,
upon demand, such releases and/or subordinations of claims and liens which may be required to maintain the priority of the Security Interests
hereunder.

7

(l) Except
as set forth on Schedule B, no Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license, sell or otherwise dispose of any of
the Collateral (except for non-exclusive licenses granted by any Debtor in its ordinary course of business and sales of inventory by any
Debtor in its ordinary course of business) without the prior written consent of a Majority in Interest.

(m) Each
Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment, inventory and other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order and shall not
operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage.

(n) Each
Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to the Collateral, including Collateral hereafter
acquired, against loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of established reputation having
similar properties similarly situated and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by other such entities
and otherwise as is prudent for entities engaged in similar businesses but in any event sufficient to cover the full replacement cost
thereof. Each Debtor shall, as soon as practicable, cause each insurance policy issued in connection herewith to provide, and the insurer
issuing such policy to certify to the Agent, that (a) the Agent will be named as lender loss payee and additional insured under each such
insurance policy; (b) if such insurance be proposed to be cancelled or materially changed for any reason whatsoever, such insurer will
promptly notify the Agent and such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Agent for at least thirty (30) days after receipt
by the Agent of such notice, unless the effect of such change is to extend or increase coverage under the policy; and (c) the Agent will
have the right (but no obligation) at its election to remedy any default in the payment of premiums within thirty (30) days of notice
from the insurer of such default. If no Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) exists and if the proceeds arising out of any
claim or series of related claims do not exceed $100,000, loss payments in each instance will be applied by the applicable Debtor to the
repair and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably feasible, and any loss payments
or the balance thereof remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be payable to the applicable Debtor; provided, however,
that payments received by any Debtor after an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or in excess of $100,000 for any occurrence or
series of related occurrences shall be paid to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and, if received by such Debtor, shall be held
in trust for the Secured Parties and immediately paid over to the Agent unless otherwise directed in writing by the Agent. Copies of such
policies or the related certificates, in each case, naming the Agent as lender loss payee and additional insured shall be delivered to
the Agent at least annually and at the time any new policy of insurance is issued.

8

(o) Each
Debtor shall, within five (5) Business Days of obtaining knowledge thereof, advise the Secured Parties promptly, in sufficient detail,
of any material adverse change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of any event which would have a material adverse effect on the
value of the Collateral or on the Secured Parties security interest, through the Agent, therein.

(p) Each
Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Agent such further deeds, mortgages, assignments, security agreements, financing statements
or other instruments, documents, certificates and assurances and take such further action as the Agent may from time to time request and
may in its sole discretion deem necessary to perfect, protect or enforce the Secured Parties security interest in the Collateral.

(q) Each
Debtor shall permit the Agent and its representatives and agents to inspect the Collateral during normal business hours and upon reasonable
prior notice, and to make copies of records pertaining to the Collateral as may be reasonably requested by the Agent from time to time.

(r) Each
Debtor shall take all steps reasonably necessary to diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims, causes
of action and accounts receivable in respect of the Collateral.

(s) Each
Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in sufficient detail upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment, execution or
other legal process levied against any Collateral and of any other information received by such Debtor that may materially affect the
value of the Collateral, the Security Interest or the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder.

(t) All
information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the Secured Parties by or on behalf of any Debtor with respect to the Collateral
is accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date furnished.

(u) Each
Debtor shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its respective valid existence and good standing and any rights and
franchises material to its business.

(v) No
Debtor will change its name, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number (if it has one),
legal or corporate structure, or identity, or add any new fictitious name unless it provides at least 30 days prior written notice to
the Secured Parties of such change and, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture
filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

9

(w) Except
in the ordinary course of business, no Debtor may consign any of its inventory or sell any of its inventory on bill and hold, sale or
return, sale on approval, or other conditional terms of sale without the consent of the Agent which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(x) No
Debtor may relocate its chief executive office to a new location without providing 30 days prior written notification thereof to the Secured
Parties and so long as, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary
to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

(y) Each
Debtor was organized and remains organized solely under the laws of the state set forth next to such Debtors name in Schedule
D attached hereto, which Schedule D sets forth each Debtors organizational identification number or, if any Debtor does
not have one, states that one does not exist.

(z)
(i) The actual name of each Debtor is the name set forth in Schedule D attached hereto; (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except
as set forth on Schedule E attached hereto; (iii) no Debtor has used any name other than that stated in the preamble hereto or
as set forth on Schedule E for the preceding five years; and (iv) no entity has merged into any Debtor or been acquired by any
Debtor within the past five years except as set forth on Schedule E.

(aa) At
any time and from time to time that any Collateral consists of instruments, certificated securities or other items that require or permit
possession by the secured party to perfect the security interest created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such Collateral to
the Agent.

(bb) Each
Debtor, in its capacity as issuer, hereby agrees to comply with any and all orders and instructions of Agent regarding the Pledged Interests
consistent with the terms of this Agreement without the further consent of any Debtor as contemplated by Section 8-106 (or any successor
section) of the UCC. Further, each Debtor agrees that it shall not enter into a similar agreement (or one that would confer control
within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC) with any other person or entity.

(cc) Each
Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper constituting Collateral to be delivered to the Agent, or, if such delivery is not possible,
then to cause such tangible chattel paper to contain a legend noting that it is subject to the security interest created by this Agreement.
To the extent that any Collateral consists of electronic chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying chattel paper
to be marked within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC (or successor section thereto).

(dd) If
there is any investment property or deposit account included as Collateral that can be perfected by control through an account
control agreement, the applicable Debtor shall promptly cause such an account control agreement covering such investment property or deposit
account, as applicable, in form and substance in each case satisfactory to the Agent, to be entered into and delivered to the Agent for
the benefit of the Secured Parties. Schedule I hereto lists of all deposit accounts held or controlled by each Debtor as of the
date hereof.

10

(ee) To
the extent that any Collateral consists of letter-of-credit rights, the applicable Debtor shall cause the issuer of each underlying letter
of credit to consent to an assignment of the proceeds thereof to the Secured Parties.

(ff) To
the extent that any Collateral is in the possession of any third party, the applicable Debtor shall join with the Agent in notifying such
third party of the Secured Parties security interest in such Collateral and shall use its best efforts to obtain an acknowledgement
and agreement from such third party with respect to the Collateral, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

(gg) If
any Debtor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in a writing
signed by such Debtor of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Parties in such writing a security interest therein and in the
proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.

(hh) Each
Debtor shall promptly provide written notice to the Secured Parties of any and all accounts which arise out of contracts with any governmental
authority and, to the extent necessary to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interests in such accounts and proceeds
thereof, shall execute and deliver to the Agent an assignment of claims for such accounts and cooperate with the Agent in taking any other
steps required, in its judgment, under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute or rule to
perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interests in such accounts and proceeds thereof.

(ii) Intentionally
Omitted.

(jj) The Company
shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply with the covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Debentures.

(kk) The Company
shall register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities on the books of the Company. The Company shall notify each issuer of Pledged
Securities to register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Parties on the books of such issuer.
Further, except with respect to certificated securities delivered to the Agent, the Company shall deliver to Agent an acknowledgement
of pledge (which, where appropriate, shall comply with the requirements of the relevant UCC with respect to perfection by registration)
signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged Securities, which acknowledgement shall confirm that: (a) it has registered the pledge
on its books and records; and (b) at any time directed by Agent during the continuation of an Event of Default, such issuer will transfer
the record ownership of such Pledged Securities into the name of any designee of Agent, will take such steps as may be necessary to effect
the transfer, and will comply with all other instructions of Agent regarding such Pledged Securities without the further consent of the
Company.

11

(ll) In the event
that, upon an occurrence of an Event of Default, Agent shall sell all or any of the Pledged Securities to another party or parties (herein
called the Transferee) or shall purchase or retain all or any of the Pledged Securities, each Debtor shall, to the
extent applicable: (i) deliver to Agent or the Transferee, as the case may be, the articles of incorporation, bylaws, minute books, stock
certificate books, corporate seals, deeds, leases, indentures, agreements, evidences of indebtedness, books of account, financial records
and all other Organizational Documents and records of such Debtor and its direct and indirect subsidiaries; (ii) use its best efforts
to obtain resignations of the persons then serving as officers and directors of such Debtor and its direct and indirect subsidiaries,
if so requested; and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain any approvals that are required by any governmental or regulatory body in order
to permit the sale of the Pledged Securities to the Transferee or the purchase or retention of the Pledged Securities by Agent and allow
the Transferee or Agent to continue the business of such Debtor and its direct and indirect subsidiaries.

(mm) Without
limiting the generality of the other obligations of each Debtor hereunder, each Debtor shall promptly (i) cause to be registered at the
United States Copyright Office all of its material copyrights, (ii) cause the security interest contemplated hereby with respect to all
Intellectual Property registered at the United States Copyright Office or United States Patent and Trademark Office to be duly recorded
at the applicable office, and (iii) give the Agent notice whenever it acquires (whether absolutely or by license) or creates any additional
material Intellectual Property.

(nn) Each
Debtor will from time to time, at the joint and several expense of each Debtor, promptly execute and deliver all such further instruments
and documents, and take all such further action as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Agent may reasonably request, in order to
perfect and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Parties to exercise and enforce
their rights and remedies hereunder and with respect to any Collateral or to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement, including
without limitation, intellectual property security agreements.

(oo) Schedule
F attached hereto lists all of the patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, registered copyrights, and domain
names owned by each Debtor as of the date hereof. Schedule F lists all material licenses in favor of any Debtor for the use of
any patents, trademarks, copyrights and domain names as of the date hereof. All material patents and trademarks of each Debtor have been
duly recorded at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and all material copyrights of each Debtor have been duly recorded at the
United States Copyright Office.

(pp) Except
as set forth on Schedule G attached hereto, none of the account debtors or other persons or entities obligated on any of the Collateral
is a governmental authority covered by the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute or rule in
respect of such Collateral.

(qq) Until the
Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full, the Company covenants that it shall promptly direct any direct or indirect subsidiary
of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof to enter into a Subsidiary Guarantee in favor of the Secured Party, in the form
of Exhibit C to the Purchase Agreement.

12

5. Effect
of Pledge on Certain Rights. If any of the Collateral subject to this Agreement consists of nonvoting equity or ownership interests
(regardless of class, designation, preference or rights) that may be converted into voting equity or ownership interests upon the occurrence
of certain events (including, without limitation, upon the transfer of all or any of the other stock or assets of the issuer), it is agreed
that the pledge of such equity or ownership interests pursuant to this Agreement or the enforcement of any of Agents rights hereunder
shall not be deemed to be the type of event which would trigger such conversion rights notwithstanding any provisions in the Organizational
Documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is party.

6. Defaults.
The following events shall be Events of Default:

(a) The
occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) under the Debentures;

(b) Any
representation or warranty of any Debtor in this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made;

(c) The
failure by any Debtor to observe or perform any of its obligations hereunder for five (5) Business Days after delivery to such Debtor
of notice of such failure by or on behalf of a Secured Party unless such default is capable of cure but cannot be cured within such time
frame and such Debtor is using best efforts to cure same in a timely fashion; or

(d) If
any provision of this Agreement shall at any time for any reason be declared to be null and void, or the validity or enforceability thereof
shall be contested by any Debtor, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Debtor, or by any governmental authority having jurisdiction
over any Debtor, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Debtor shall deny that any Debtor has any liability
or obligation purported to be created under this Agreement.

7. Duty To Hold In Trust.

(a) Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, each Debtor shall, upon receipt of any revenue, income, dividend, interest
or other sums subject to the Security Interests, whether payable pursuant to the Debentures or otherwise, or of any check, draft, note,
trade acceptance or other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured Parties and
shall forthwith endorse and transfer any such sums or instruments, or both, to the Secured Parties, pro-rata in proportion to their respective
then-currently outstanding principal amount of Debentures for application to the satisfaction of the Obligations (and if any Debenture
is not outstanding, pro-rata in proportion to the initial purchases of the remaining Debentures).

13

(b) If
any Debtor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares of
Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities acquired after the date hereof, or any options, warrants, rights or
other similar property or certificates representing a dividend, or any distribution in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification
or increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any reorganization of such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries)
in respect of the Pledged Securities (whether as an addition to, in substitution of, or in exchange for, such Pledged Securities or otherwise),
such Debtor agrees to (i) accept the same as the agent of the Secured Parties; (ii) hold the same in trust on behalf of and for the benefit
of the Secured Parties; and (iii) to deliver any and all certificates or instruments evidencing the same to Agent on or before the close
of business on the fifth business day following the receipt thereof by such Debtor, in the exact form received together with the Necessary
Endorsements, to be held by Agent subject to the terms of this Agreement as Collateral.

8. Rights and Remedies Upon Default.

(a) Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, the Secured Parties, acting through the Agent, shall have the right
to exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under the Debentures, and the Secured Parties shall have all the rights and remedies
of a secured party under the UCC. Without limitation, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have the following rights
and powers:

(i) The
Agent shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of any person,
any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and any Debtor shall assemble the Collateral
and make it available to the Agent at places which the Agent shall reasonably select, whether at such Debtor's premises or elsewhere,
and make available to the Agent, without rent, all of such Debtors respective premises and facilities for the purpose of the Agent
taking possession of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form.

(ii) Upon
notice to any Debtor by Agent, all rights of such Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be
entitled to exercise and all rights of such Debtor to receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise be authorized to receive
and retain, shall cease. Upon such notice, Agent shall have the right to receive, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, any interest,
cash dividends or other payments on the Collateral and, at the option of Agent, to exercise in such Agents discretion all voting
rights pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise
all rights with respect to the Collateral as it were the sole and absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, to vote and/or
to exchange, at its sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization
or other readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries.

14

(iii) The Agent
shall have the right to operate the business of any Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease or otherwise
dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or without special conditions
or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times and at such place or
places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Agent may deem commercially reasonable, all without (except as shall be required by
applicable statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any Debtor or right of redemption of any Debtor, which
are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Agent, for the benefit of the
Secured Parties, may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the Collateral being sold,
free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and equities of any Debtor, which are hereby waived and released.

(iv) The
Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or accounts to make
payments directly to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, and to enforce any Debtors rights against such account debtors
and obligors.

(v) The
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may (but is not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other person or
entity holding any investment property to transfer the same to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, or its designee.

(vi) The
Agent may (but is not obligated to) transfer any or all Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office into the name of the Secured Parties or any designee or any purchaser of any Collateral.

(b) The
Agent shall comply with any applicable law in connection with a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered adversely
to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. The Agent may sell the Collateral without giving any warranties
and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Agent sells any of the Collateral on credit, each Debtor will only be credited with
payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition, each Debtor waives any and all rights that it may have to a judicial hearing in
advance of the enforcement of any of the Agents rights and remedies hereunder, including, without limitation, its right following
an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto.

(c) For
the purpose of enabling the Agent to further exercise rights and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by agreement or applicable
law, each Debtor hereby grants to the Agent, for the benefit of the Agent and the Secured Parties, an irrevocable, nonexclusive license
(exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense following an Event of Default,
any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such
license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used
for the compilation or printout thereof.

15

9. Applications of Proceeds. The
proceeds of any such sale, lease or other disposition of the Collateral hereunder or from payments made on account of any insurance policy
insuring any portion of the Collateral shall be applied first, to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing
for sale, selling, and the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs incurred in connection therewith) of the
Collateral, to the reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Agent in enforcing the Secured Parties rights
hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the Collateral, and then to satisfaction of the Obligations pro
rata among the Secured Parties (based on then-outstanding principal amounts of Debentures at the time of any such determination), and
to the payment of any other amounts required by applicable law, after which the Secured Parties shall pay to the applicable Debtor any
surplus proceeds. If, upon the sale, license or other disposition of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof are insufficient to pay all
amounts to which the Secured Parties are legally entitled, each Debtor will be liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon,
at the rate of 5% per annum or the lesser amount permitted by applicable law (the Default Rate), and the reasonable
fees of any attorneys employed by the Secured Parties to collect such deficiency. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Debtor
waives all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Parties arising out of the repossession, removal, retention or sale of the
Collateral, unless due solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured Parties as determined by a final judgment (not
subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction.

10. Securities
Law Provision. Each Debtor recognizes that Agent may be limited in its ability to effect a sale to the public of all or part of the
Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other federal or state securities laws
(collectively, the Securities Laws), and may be compelled to resort to one or more sales to a restricted group of
purchasers who may be required to agree to acquire the Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment and not with a view to
the distribution or resale thereof. Each Debtor agrees that sales so made may be at prices and on terms less favorable than if the Pledged
Securities were sold to the public, and that Agent has no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged Securities for the period of time
necessary to register the Pledged Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Laws. Each Debtor shall cooperate with Agent
in its attempt to satisfy any requirements under the Securities Laws (including, without limitation, registration thereunder if requested
by Agent) applicable to the sale of the Pledged Securities by Agent.

11. Costs
and Expenses. Each Debtor agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any filing
required hereunder, including without limitation, any financing statements pursuant to the UCC, continuation statements, partial releases
and/or termination statements related thereto or any expenses of any searches reasonably required by the Agent. Each Debtor shall also
pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Agent are reasonably likely to prejudice, imperil or otherwise
affect the Collateral or the Security Interests therein. Each Debtor will also, upon demand, pay to the Agent the amount of any and all
reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, may incur in connection with the creation, perfection, protection, satisfaction, foreclosure, collection
or enforcement of the Security Interest and the preparation, administration, continuance, amendment or enforcement of this Agreement and
pay to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts
and agents, which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties may incur in connection with (i) the enforcement
of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral,
or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured Parties under the Debentures. Until so paid, any fees payable
hereunder shall be added to the principal amount of the Debentures and shall bear interest at the Default Rate.

16

12. Responsibility
for Collateral. Each Debtor assumes all liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the Obligations shall
in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability
for any reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) neither the Agent nor any Secured Party (i) has any duty (either
before or after an Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to the Collateral,
or (ii) has any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) each Debtor shall remain obligated and liable
under each contract or agreement included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor thereunder. Neither the Agent nor
any Secured Party shall have any obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this Agreement
or the receipt by the Agent or any Secured Party of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the Agent or any Secured
Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or agreement,
to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the Agent or any Secured Party in respect of the Collateral
or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present or file any claim, to take any
action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to the Agent or to which the Agent
or any Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times.

13. Security
Interests Absolute. All rights of the Secured Parties and all obligations of each Debtor hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Debentures or any agreement entered into in connection
with the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment or performance of, or in
any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the Debentures
or any other agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any of the Collateral,
or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any guarantee, or any other security,
for all or any of the Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Parties to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its sole discretion any
insurance claims or matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute
any legal or equitable defense available to any Debtor, or a discharge of all or any part of the Security Interests granted hereby. Until
the Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full, the rights of the Secured Parties shall continue even if the Obligations are
barred for any reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations or bankruptcy. Each Debtor expressly waives
presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer
of any Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Parties hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction
to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be
deemed to be otherwise due to any party other than the Secured Parties, then, in any such event, each Debtors obligations hereunder
shall survive cancellation of this Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation
of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. Each
Debtor waives all right to require the Secured Parties to proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which
the Secured Parties may hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. Each Debtor waives any defense arising
by reason of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured hereby.

17

14. Term
of Agreement. This Agreement and the Security Interests shall terminate on the date on which all payments under the Debentures have
been indefeasibly paid in full and all other Obligations have been paid or discharged; provided, however, that all indemnities of any
Debtor contained in this Agreement (including, without limitation, Annex B hereto) shall survive and remain operative and in full force
and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement.

15. Power
of Attorney; Further Assurances.

(a) Each
Debtor authorizes the Agent, and does hereby make, constitute and appoint the Agent and its officers, agents, successors or assigns with
full power of substitution, as such Debtors true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the Agent or such Debtor,
to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts, money orders or other
instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in respect of the Collateral that may
come into possession of the Agent; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the UCC or any invoice, freight or express
bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with
accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances
at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for, compromise, settle and sue
for monies due in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property or provide licenses respecting any Intellectual
Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Agent, and at the expense of such Debtor, at any time, or from time to time, to execute
and deliver any and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which the Agent deems necessary to protect, preserve and
realize upon the Collateral and the Security Interests granted therein in order to effect the intent of this Agreement and the Debentures
all as fully and effectually as such Debtor might or could do; and each Debtor hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do
or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this
Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding. The designation set forth herein shall be deemed to amend
and supersede any inconsistent provision in the Organizational Documents or other documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject
or to which any Debtor is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default, each Secured Party is specifically authorized to execute and file any applications for or instruments of transfer
and assignment of any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office
and the United States Copyright Office.

18

(b) On
a continuing basis, each Debtor will make, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper filing
and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the jurisdictions indicated on Schedule C attached hereto,
all such instruments, and take all such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested by the Agent,
to perfect the Security Interests granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement, or for assuring
and confirming to the Agent the grant or perfection of a perfected security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC.

(c) Each
Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Agent as such Debtors attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead of
such Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Agents discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument
which the Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, pertaining to the filing, in its sole discretion,
of one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral without the signature of
such Debtor where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not) describe the Collateral as all assets
or all personal property or words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Agent. This power of attorney
is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall
be outstanding.

16. Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Purchase Agreement (as
such term is defined in the Debentures).

17. Other
Security. To the extent that the Obligations are now or hereafter secured by property other than the Collateral or by the guarantee,
endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, then the Agent shall have the right, in its sole discretion,
to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action with respect thereto, without in any way modifying or affecting any
of the Secured Parties rights and remedies hereunder.

18. Appointment
of Agent; Fees. The Secured Parties hereby appoint Helena Global Investment Opportunities 1 Ltd. to act as their agent (Agent)
for purposes of exercising any and all rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder. Such appointment shall continue until revoked
in writing by a Majority in Interest, at which time a Majority in Interest shall appoint a new Agent. The Agent shall have the rights,
responsibilities and immunities set forth in Annex B hereto.

19. Miscellaneous.

(a) No
course of dealing between any Debtor and the Secured Parties, nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of
the Secured Parties, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Debentures shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

19

(b) All
of the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral, whether established hereby or by the Debentures or by
any other agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently.

(c) This
Agreement, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties
acknowledge have been merged into this Agreement and the exhibits and schedules hereto. No provision of this Agreement may be waived,
modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by any Debtor and the Secured Parties
holding 51% or more of the principal amount of Debentures then outstanding, or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement
of any such waived provision is sought.

(d) If
any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void
or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find
and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant
or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(e) No
waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver
in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any
delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

(f) This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company and each
Debtor may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Secured Party (other
than by merger). Any Secured Party may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) to whom such Secured Party assigns or transfers any Obligations, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with
respect to the transferred Obligations, by the provisions of this Agreement that apply to the Secured Parties.

(g) Each
party shall take such further action and execute and deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry
out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

20

(h) Except
to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, all questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by
the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor agrees that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Debentures (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and
federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or
situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it
under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(i) This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission,
such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same
with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof.

(j) Each
Debtor shall be liable for the obligations of such Debtor to the Secured Parties hereunder.

(k) Each
Debtor shall indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Agent and the Secured Parties and their respective partners, members, shareholders,
officers, directors, employees and agents (and any other persons with other titles that have similar functions) (collectively, Indemnitees)
from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses, of any kind or nature, (including
fees relating to the cost of investigating and defending any of the foregoing) imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee
in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from this Agreement or the Collateral, except any such losses, claims, liabilities,
damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as determined
by a final, nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not in
limitation of, any other indemnification provision in the Debentures, the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the Debentures)
or any other agreement, instrument or other document executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith.

(l) Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to subject Agent or any Secured Party to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any if its direct
or indirect subsidiaries that is a partnership or as a member in any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a limited
liability company, nor shall Agent or any Secured Party be deemed to have assumed any obligations under any partnership agreement or limited
liability company agreement, as applicable, of any such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or otherwise, unless and
until any such Secured Party exercises its right to be substituted for such Debtor as a partner or member, as applicable, pursuant hereto.

(m) To
the extent that the grant of the security interest in the Collateral and the enforcement of the terms hereof require the consent, approval
or action of any partner or member, as applicable, of any Debtor or any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance with
any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents, such Debtor hereby grants such consent and approval and waives any such noncompliance
with the terms of said documents.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

HWN, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SECURE VOICE CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

OVERWATCH CYBERLAB, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

AW SOLUTIONS PUERTO RICO, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Security Agreement]

AGENT:

HELENA GLOBAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES 1 LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Notice Address:

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF SECURED PARTIES TO THE SECURITY
AGREEMENT]

For Individuals:

Name of Individual Investor: _____________________________________________________

Signature of Individual Investor:
_________________________________________________

Notice
Address: ______________________________________________________________

Email: ______________________________________________________________________

For Entities

Name
of Investing Entity: _____________________________________________________ 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of

Investing
entity: ______________________________________________________________ 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________ 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________ 

Notice
Address: _______________________________________________________________ 

Email:
_______________________________________________________________________

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC. 

Disclosure Schedules to the 

Security Agreement

These Disclosure Schedules
are being furnished by High Wire Networks, Inc. (the Company) in connection with the execution and delivery of that certain
Security Agreement (the Agreement) by and among the Company, each Debtor and the investors named therein. Unless the context
otherwise requires, all capitalized terms used in these Disclosure Schedules shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the
Agreement.

No reference to or disclosure
of any item or other matter in these Disclosure Schedules shall be construed as an admission or indication that such item or other matter
is material. No disclosure in these Disclosure Schedules relating to any possible breach or violation of any agreement, law or regulation
shall be construed as an admission or indication that any such breach or violation exists or has actually occurred.

These Disclosure Schedules
and the information and disclosures contained in these Disclosure Schedules shall not be deemed to expand the scope of any representations,
warranties or covenants in the Agreement.

If a Disclosure Schedule described
in the Agreement does not appear in the following schedules, the Company represents that no information exists which would be required
to be disclosed on such schedule.

The section numbers in these
Disclosure Schedules correspond to the section numbers in the Agreement; provided, however, that any information disclosed
herein under any section number shall be deemed to be disclosed and incorporated in any other section of the Agreement where such disclosure
would be appropriate but only to the extent reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure.

The bold-faced headings contained
in these Disclosure Schedules are included for convenience only and are not intended to limit the effect of the disclosures contained
in these Disclosure Schedules or to expand the scope of the information required to be disclosed in these Disclosure Schedules. References
to any document do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the document itself.

SCHEDULE A

Principal Place of Business of each Debtor and Location of Books of
Account and Records:

High Wire Networks, Inc.

30 N Lincoln St.

Batavia, IL 60510

Locations not Owned by the Company Where Collateral is Located or Stored:

SCHEDULE B

Name of Lender
and Amount of Loan* Purpose Collateral

SCHEDULE C

Effective Financing Statements:

Secured Party File Number Collateral

Jurisdictions to Perfect Security Interest:

1. Nevada

2. Delaware

3. Florida

4. Puerto Rico

SCHEDULE D

Name of Debtor State of Organization Organizational Identification Number (if applicable)

High Wire Networks, Inc. Nevada E0062162018-6

HWN, Inc. Delaware 

Secure Voice Corp. Delaware 

Overwatch CyberLab, Inc. Delaware 

AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC Puerto Rico 

SCHEDULE E

Other Names Used in Previous Five Years:

1. Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.

2. High Wire Networks

High Wire reverse-merged into SGSI in 2021.

SCHEDULE F

Patents

Owner Patent Name Registration/Application Number

Overwatch CyberLabs, Inc. SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR PROVIDING EMBEDDED URL INSPECTION VIA A WEB BROWSER SECURITY MODULE 63533290

Overwatch CyberLabs, Inc. SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR PROVIDING MALICIOUS URL PREVENTION VIA A WEB BROWSER SECURITY MODULE 63533293

Overwatch CyberLabs, Inc. SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR PROVIDING BI-DIRECTIONAL COMMUNICATION FROM A WEB BROWSER TO AN OPERATING SYSTEM VIA AN OPERATING SYSTEM COMMUNICATION PROXY 63533295

Overwatch CyberLabs, Inc. SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR PROVIDING REMOTE SHELL EXECUTION PROTECTION VIA A WEB BROWSER SECURITY MODULE 63533296

Trademarks

Owner Trademark Name Registration/Application Number

High Wire Networks, Inc. Overwatch Will get

Material Licenses in Favor of any Debtor for the Use of any Patents,
Trademarks, Copyrights and Domain Names

Name of Agreement Counterparty to Agreement (Licensor) Purpose of Agreement

MSSP Agreement Sentinel One Licensing of technology

Stellar Order Form Stellar Cyber Licensing of technology

Subscription Agreement D3 Security Management Systems Licensing of technology

Managed Service Provider Agreement Cato Networks Licensing of technology 

Distribution Agreement Airgap Networks Licensing of technology

SCHEDULE G

None.

SCHEDULE H

Pledged Securities: All stock and membership interests, as applicable
in the following entities:

HWN, Inc.

Secure Voice Corp.

Overwatch CyberLab, Inc.

AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC

SCHEDULE I

Bank Name Account Number Type/ Purpose of Account

Regions Bank 0234697810 Operating account

ANNEX A

to

SECURITY

AGREEMENT

FORM OF ADDITIONAL
DEBTOR JOINDER

Security Agreement dated as of January 13, 2025 made by Debtors to
and in favor of the Secured Parties identified therein (the Security Agreement)

Reference is made to the Security
Agreement as defined above; capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms
in, or by reference in, the Security Agreement.

The undersigned hereby agrees
that upon delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder to the Secured Parties referred to above, the undersigned shall (a) be an Additional
Debtor under the Security Agreement, (b) have all the rights and obligations of the Debtors under the Security Agreement as fully and
to the same extent as if the undersigned was an original signatory thereto and (c) be deemed to have made the representations and warranties
set forth therein as of the date of execution and delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING,
THE UNDERSIGNED SPECIFICALLY GRANTS TO THE SECURED PARTIES A SECURITY INTEREST IN THE COLLATERAL AS MORE FULLY SET FORTH IN THE SECURITY
AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL PROVISIONS SET FORTH THEREIN.

Attached hereto are supplemental
and/or replacement Schedules to the Security Agreement, as applicable.

An executed copy of this Joinder
shall be delivered to the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties may rely on the matters set forth herein on or after the date hereof.
This Joinder shall not be modified, amended or terminated without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this Joinder to be executed in the name and on behalf of the undersigned.

[Name of Additional Debtor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

Dated: 

ANNEX B

to

SECURITY

AGREEMENT

THE AGENT

1. Appointment. The Secured
Parties (all capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings provided in the Security Agreement
to which this Annex B is attached (the Agreement)), by their acceptance of the benefits of the Agreement, hereby
designate Helena Global Investment Opportunities 1 Ltd. (Agent) as the Agent to act as specified herein and in the
Agreement. Each Secured Party shall be deemed irrevocably to authorize the Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions
of the Agreement and any other Transaction Document (as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement) and to exercise such powers and
to perform such duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of the Agent by the terms hereof and thereof
and such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder by or through its agents
or employees.

2. Nature of Duties.
The Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in the Agreement. Neither the Agent nor any of its
partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for any action taken or omitted by it as such
under the Agreement or hereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, be responsible for the consequence of any oversight or error
of judgment or answerable for any loss, unless caused solely by its or their gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a
final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction. The duties of the Agent shall be mechanical and administrative
in nature; the Agent shall not have by reason of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of
any Debtor or any Secured Party; and nothing in the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, expressed or implied, is intended to
or shall be so construed as to impose upon the Agent any obligations in respect of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document except
as expressly set forth herein and therein.

3. Lack of Reliance on the
Agent. Independently and without reliance upon the Agent, each Secured Party, to the extent it deems appropriate, has made and shall
continue to make (i) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries in connection
with such Secured Partys investment in the Debtors, the creation and continuance of the Obligations, the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, and the taking or not taking of any action in connection therewith, and (ii) its own appraisal of the creditworthiness
of the Company and its subsidiaries, and of the value of the Collateral from time to time, and the Agent shall have no duty or responsibility,
either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Secured Party with any credit, market or other information with respect thereto,
whether coming into its possession before any Obligations are incurred or at any time or times thereafter. The Agent shall not be responsible
to the Debtors or any Secured Party for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties herein or in any document,
certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith, or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability,
perfection, collectibility, priority or sufficiency of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or for the financial condition
of the Debtors or the value of any of the Collateral, or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance
of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or the financial condition of the Debtors,
or the value of any of the Collateral, or the existence or possible existence of any default or Event of Default under the Agreement,
the Debentures or any of the other Transaction Documents.

B-1

4. Certain Rights of the
Agent. The Agent shall have the right to take any action with respect to the Collateral, on behalf of all of the Secured Parties.
To the extent practical, the Agent shall request instructions from the Secured Parties with respect to any material act or action (including
failure to act) in connection with the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and shall be entitled to act or refrain from acting
in accordance with the instructions of a Majority in Interest; if such instructions are not provided despite the Agents request
therefor, the Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action, and if such action is taken, shall be entitled to
appropriate indemnification from the Secured Parties in respect of actions to be taken by the Agent; and the Agent shall not incur liability
to any person or entity by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, (a) no Secured Party shall have any right of action
whatsoever against the Agent as a result of the Agent acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the terms of the Agreement
or any other Transaction Document, and the Debtors shall have no right to question or challenge the authority of, or the instructions
given to, the Agent pursuant to the foregoing and (b) the Agent shall not be required to take any action which the Agent believes (i)
could reasonably be expected to expose it to personal liability or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement, the Transaction Documents or applicable
law.

5. Reliance. The Agent
shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, statement, certificate, telex,
teletype or telecopier message, cablegram, radiogram, order or other document or telephone message signed, sent or made by the proper
person or entity, and, with respect to all legal matters pertaining to the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and its duties
thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it and upon all other matters pertaining to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
and its duties thereunder, upon advice of other experts selected by it. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, the Agent shall have
no obligation whatsoever to any Secured Party to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by the Debtors or is cared for, protected
or insured or that the liens granted pursuant to the Agreement have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, or enforced
or are entitled to any particular priority.

6. Indemnification.
To the extent that the Agent is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Debtors, the Secured Parties will jointly and severally reimburse
and indemnify the Agent, in proportion to their initially purchased respective principal amounts of Debentures, from and against any and
all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature
whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Agent in performing its duties hereunder or under the Agreement
or any other Transaction Document, or in any way relating to or arising out of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document except
for those determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely
from the Agent's own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Prior to taking any action hereunder as Agent, the Agent may require each
Secured Party to deposit with it sufficient sums as it determines in good faith is necessary to protect the Agent for costs and expenses
associated with taking such action.

B-2

7. Resignation by the Agent.

(a) The Agent may
resign from the performance of all its functions and duties under the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents at any time by giving
30 days' prior written notice (as provided in the Agreement) to the Debtors and the Secured Parties. Such resignation shall take effect
upon the appointment of a successor Agent pursuant to clauses (b) and (c) below.

(b) Upon any such
notice of resignation, the Secured Parties, acting by a Majority in Interest, shall appoint a successor Agent hereunder.

(c) If a successor
Agent shall not have been so appointed within said 30-day period, the Agent shall then appoint a successor Agent who shall serve as Agent
until such time, if any, as the Secured Parties appoint a successor Agent as provided above. If a successor Agent has not been appointed
within such 30-day period, the Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction or may interplead the Debtors and the Secured Parties
in a proceeding for the appointment of a successor Agent, and all fees, including, but not limited to, extraordinary fees associated with
the filing of interpleader and expenses associated therewith, shall be payable by the Debtors on demand.

8. Rights with respect to
Collateral. Each Secured Party agrees with all other Secured Parties and the Agent (i) that it shall not, and shall not attempt
to, exercise any rights with respect to its security interest in the Collateral, whether pursuant to any other agreement or otherwise
(other than pursuant to this Agreement), or take or institute any action against the Agent or any of the other Secured Parties in respect
of the Collateral or its rights hereunder (other than any such action arising from the breach of this Agreement) and (ii) that such Secured
Party has no other rights with respect to the Collateral other than as set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.
Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become
vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties
and obligations under the Agreement. After any retiring Agents resignation or removal hereunder as Agent, the provisions
of the Agreement including this Annex B shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent.

B-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022772701ex10-3_high.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF GUARANTY, DATED JANUARY 13, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE,
dated as of January 13, 2025 (this Guarantee), made by each of the signatories hereto (together with any other entity
that may become a party hereto as provided herein, the Guarantors), in favor of the purchasers signatory (together
with their permitted assigns, the Purchasers), to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date
hereof, by and among High Wire Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and the purchasers parties thereto
(the Purchase Agreement).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell and issue to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers have agreed to purchase from
the Company the Debentures, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein; and

WHEREAS, each Guarantor
will directly benefit from the extension of the loans to the Company represented by the issuance of the Debentures.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and to induce the Purchasers to enter into the Purchase Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated
thereby; each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Purchasers as follows:

1. Definitions.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the
Purchase Agreement. The words hereof, herein, hereto and hereunder
and words of similar import when used in this Guarantee shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision of
this Guarantee, and Section and Schedule references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified. The meanings given to terms defined
herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The following terms shall have the following meanings:

Guarantee
means this Subsidiary Guarantee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Obligations
means, in addition to all other costs and expenses of collection incurred by Purchasers in enforcing any of such Obligations
(as defined in the Security Agreement) and/or this Guarantee, all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent,
sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of the Company
or any Guarantor to the Purchasers under this Guarantee, the Debentures and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed
and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct
or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time
to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities
that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Purchasers
as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from
time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation:
(i) principal of, and interest on the Debentures and the loans extended pursuant thereto, (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs,
obligations and liabilities of the Company or any Guarantor from time to time under or in connection with this Guarantee, the Debentures
and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, and (iii) all
amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that
the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar
proceeding involving the Company or any Guarantor.

2.
Guarantee.

(a)
Guarantee.

(i) The
Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantee to the Purchasers and their respective successors,
indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise) of the Obligations.

(ii) Anything
herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Guarantor hereunder and under
the other Transaction Documents shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Guarantor under applicable federal
and state laws, including laws relating to the insolvency of debtors, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or laws affecting the rights of
creditors generally (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 2(b)).

(iii) Each
Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantor hereunder
without impairing the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the Purchasers hereunder.

(iv) The
guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall remain in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the obligations of each
Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall have been satisfied by indefeasible payment in full.

(v) No payment made by the Company, any of the
Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Purchasers from the Company, any of the Guarantors,
any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time
or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect
the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other than any payment made by such Guarantor
in respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected from such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations), remain liable
for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantor hereunder until the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full.

(vi) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Guarantee, with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations the specific performance of which by
the Guarantors is not reasonably possible (e.g., the issuance of the Company's Common Stock), the Guarantors shall only be liable for
making the Purchasers whole on a monetary basis for the Company's failure to perform such Obligations in accordance with the Transaction
Documents.

2

(b) Right
of Contribution. Subject to Section 2(c), each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid
more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from
and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantors right of
contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2(c). The provisions of this Section 2(b) shall in
no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Purchasers and each Guarantor shall remain liable to the Purchasers
for the full amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder until the indefeasible repayment in full of all amounts owed under the Purchase
Agreement, the Debentures and the other Transaction Documents.

(c) No
Subrogation. Notwithstanding any payment made by any Guarantor hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any Guarantor
by the Purchasers, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Purchasers against the Company or any
other Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Purchasers for the payment of the
Obligations, nor shall any Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company or any other
Guarantor in respect of payments made by such Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Purchasers by the Company on
account of the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of such
subrogation rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by such
Guarantor in trust for the Purchasers, segregated from other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such
Guarantor, be turned over to the Purchasers in the exact form received by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to the
Purchasers, if required), to be applied against the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Purchasers may
determine.

(d) Amendments,
Etc. With Respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation
of rights against any Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, any demand for payment of any of the Obligations
made by the Purchasers may be rescinded by the Purchasers and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations, or the liability
of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto,
may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or
released by the Purchasers, and the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents executed and delivered
in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Purchasers may deem advisable
from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Purchasers for the payment of the
Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. The Purchasers shall have no obligation to protect, secure, perfect
or insure any Lien at any time held by them as security for the Obligations or for the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or
any property subject thereto.

3

(e) Guarantee
Absolute and Unconditional. Each Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of
the Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Purchasers upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or
acceptance of the guarantee contained in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to
have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section
2; and all dealings between the Company and any of the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand,
likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section
2. Each Guarantor waives to the extent permitted by law diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of
default or nonpayment to or upon the Company or any of the Guarantors with respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor understands
and agrees that the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional
guarantee of payment and performance without regard to: (a) the validity or enforceability of the Purchase Agreement or any other
Transaction Document, any of the Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guarantee or right of offset with respect
thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Purchasers, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of
payment or performance or fraud by Purchasers) which may at any time be available to or be asserted by the Company or any other
Person against the Purchasers, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Company or
such Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Company for the
Obligations, or of such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2, in bankruptcy or in any other instance.
When making any demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Guarantor, the Purchasers may,
but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as they may have against
the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Obligations or any
right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Purchasers to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or
remedies or to collect any payments from the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral
security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of the Company, any other Guarantor or any other
Person or any such collateral security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve any Guarantor of any obligation or liability
hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the
Purchasers against any Guarantor. For the purposes hereof, demand shall include the commencement and
continuance of any legal proceedings.

(f) Reinstatement.
The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time
payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Purchasers upon
the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the
appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Company or any Guarantor or any substantial
part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.

(g) Payments.
Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Purchasers without set-off or counterclaim in U.S. dollars
at the address set forth or referred to in the Signature Pages to the Purchase Agreement.

4

3. Representations
and Warranties. Each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchasers as of the date hereof:

(a) Organization
and Qualification. The Guarantor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the applicable
jurisdiction set forth on Schedule 1, with the requisite corporate or limited liability power and authority to own and use
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Guarantor has no subsidiaries other than those
identified as such on the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to do business and is in
good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it
makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not,
individually or in the aggregate, (x) adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of this Guaranty in any
material respect, (y) have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, prospects, or financial condition of the
Guarantor, or (z) adversely impair in any material respect the Guarantor's ability to perform fully on a timely basis its
obligations under this Guaranty (a Material Adverse Effect).

(b) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Guarantor has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Guaranty, and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Guaranty by the Guarantor and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part
of the Guarantor. This Guaranty has been duly executed and delivered by the Guarantor and constitutes the valid and binding obligation
of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of,
creditors' rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(c) No
Conflicts. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase Agreement, the execution, delivery and performance of this
Guaranty by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict
with or violate any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event
which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Guarantor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law,
rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Guarantor
is subject (including Federal and State securities laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of the Guarantor
is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations,
cancellations and violations as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. The business
of the Guarantor is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, except for violations
which, individually or in the aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect.

5

(d) Consents
and Approvals. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase Agreement, the Guarantor is not required to obtain
any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local, foreign
or other governmental authority or other person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty.

(e) Purchase
Agreement. The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Purchase Agreement as they relate to such Guarantor,
each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, are true and correct as of each time such representations are deemed to be made
pursuant to such Purchase Agreement, and the Purchasers shall be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were fully set forth herein,
provided that each reference in each such representation and warranty to the Company's knowledge shall, for the purposes of this Section
3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantor's knowledge.

(f) Foreign
Law. Each Guarantor has consulted with appropriate foreign legal counsel with respect to any of the above representations for which
non-U.S. law is applicable. Such foreign counsel has advised each applicable Guarantor that such counsel knows of no reason why any of
the above representations would not be true and accurate. Such foreign counsel was provided with copies of this Subsidiary Guarantee and
the Transaction Documents prior to rendering their advice.

4.
Covenants.

(a) Each
Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Purchasers that, from and after the date of this Guarantee until the Obligations shall have been
indefeasibly paid in full, such Guarantor shall take, and/or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially reasonable
action that is necessary to be taken or not taken, as the case may be, so that no Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) is caused
by the failure to take such action or to refrain from taking such action by such Guarantor.

(b) So
long as any of the Obligations are outstanding, unless Purchasers holding at least 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding
Debentures shall otherwise consent in writing, each Guarantor will not directly or indirectly on or after the date of this Guarantee:

i. other
than Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Debenture), enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed
money of any kind, including but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter
acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

ii. other
than Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debenture), enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any liens of any kind, on or
with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

6

iii. amend
its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other charter documents so as to adversely affect any rights of any Purchaser;

iv. repay,
repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its securities or debt
obligations;

v. pay
cash dividends on any equity securities of such Guarantor other than dividends paid to another Guarantor or to the Company;

vi. enter
into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Guarantor which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing of the Company with
the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or

vii. enter
into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

5.
Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments
in Writing. None of the terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except in
writing by the Purchasers holding a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Debentures.

(b) Notices.
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Purchasers or any Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided for in
the Purchase Agreement, provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Guarantor shall be addressed to such Guarantor
at its notice address set forth on Schedule 5(b).

(c) No
Waiver By Course Of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies. The Purchasers shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant
to Section 5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have
acquiesced in any default under the Transaction Documents or Event of Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising,
on the part of the Purchasers, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial
exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the Purchasers of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be
construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Purchasers would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and remedies
herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies
provided by law.

(d)
Enforcement Expenses; Indemnification.

(i) Each
Guarantor agrees to pay, or reimburse the Purchasers for, all its costs and expenses incurred in collecting against such Guarantor under
the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Guarantee and the other Transaction
Documents to which such Guarantor is a party, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Purchasers.

7

(ii) Each
Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay
in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with any of
the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee.

(iii) Each
Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions,
judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement,
performance and administration of this Guarantee to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(iv) The
agreements in this Section shall survive repayment of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Purchase Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents.

(e) Successor
and Assigns. This Guarantee shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of the
Purchasers and their respective successors and assigns; provided that no Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights
or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written consent of the Purchasers.

(f) Set-Off.
Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorizes each Purchaser at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default under any of
the Transaction Documents shall have occurred and be continuing, without notice to such Guarantor or any other Guarantor, any such
notice being expressly waived by each Guarantor, to set-off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness or
claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or
owing by such Purchaser to or for the credit or the account of such Guarantor, or any part thereof in such amounts as such Purchaser
may elect, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such Guarantor to the Purchaser hereunder and claims of
every nature and description of such Purchaser against such Guarantor, in any currency, whether arising hereunder, under the
Purchase Agreement, any other Transaction Document or otherwise, as such Purchaser may elect, whether or not such Purchaser has made
any demand for payment and although such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. A Purchaser shall
notify such Guarantor and the Agent named in the Security Agreement promptly of any such set-off and the application made by such
Purchaser of the proceeds thereof, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and
application. The rights of the Purchasers under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without
limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Purchasers may have.

(g) Counterparts.
This Guarantee may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Guarantee on any number of separate counterparts (including by telecopy),
and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

(h) Severability.
Any provision of this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

8

(i) Section
Headings. The Section headings used in this Guarantee are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction
hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof.

(j) Integration.
This Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Purchasers with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Purchasers relative to subject
matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Transaction Documents.

(k) Governing
Laws. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guarantee shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law
thereof. Each of the Company and the Guarantors agree that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Each of the Company and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in
connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to
assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper.
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by
mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Guarantee and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by
law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury
in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guarantee or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(l)
Acknowledgements. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that:

(i) it
has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party;

(ii) the
Purchasers have no fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Guarantor arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee or any of
the other Transaction Documents, and the relationship between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand,
in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and

(iii) no
joint venture is created hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby
among the Guarantors and the Purchasers.

(m) Additional
Guarantors. The Company shall cause each of its subsidiaries formed or acquired on or subsequent to the date hereof to become a Guarantor
for all purposes of this Guarantee by executing and delivering an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex 1 hereto.

(n) Release
of Guarantors. Each Guarantor will be released from all liability hereunder concurrently with the indefeasible repayment in full of
all amounts owed under the Purchase Agreement, the Debentures and the other Transaction Documents.

(o) Seniority.
The Obligations of each of the Guarantors hereunder rank senior in priority to any other Indebtedness (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
of such Guarantor.

(p)
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH GUARANTOR AND, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS HEREOF, THE PURCHASERS, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS GUARANTEE AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.

*********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned
has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

HWN, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SECURE VOICE CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

OVERWATCH CYBERLAB, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

AW SOLUTIONS PUERTO RICO, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

10

SCHEDULE 1

GUARANTORS

The following are the names, notice addresses
and jurisdiction of organization of each Guarantor.

Name Notice Address Jurisdiction of Organization

HWN, Inc. Delaware

Secure Voice Corp. Delaware

Overwatch CyberLab, Inc. Delaware

AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC Puerto Rico

11

Annex 1 to

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT, dated
as of _____ _____, ________ made by _____________________, a_______________ corporation (the Additional Guarantor),
in favor of the Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement referred to below. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have
the meaning ascribed to them in such Purchase Agreement.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, High Wire
Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and the Purchasers have entered into that certain Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase
Agreement);

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Purchase Agreement, the Subsidiaries of the Company have entered into the Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of January 13, 2025
(as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guarantee) in favor of the Purchasers;

WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement requires
the Additional Guarantor to become a party to the Guarantee; and

WHEREAS, the Additional Guarantor has agreed to execute and
deliver this Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guarantee;

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Guarantee.
By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, the Additional Guarantor, as provided in Section 5(m) of the Guarantee,
hereby becomes a party to the Guarantee as a Guarantor thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor
and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor thereunder.
The information set forth in Annex 1 hereto is hereby added to the information set forth in Schedule 1 to the Guarantee.
The Additional Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3
of the Guarantee is true and correct on and as the date hereof as to such Additional Guarantor (after giving effect to this Assumption
Agreement) as if made on and as of such date.

2. Governing
Law. THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEVADA.

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
caused this Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

[ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022772701ex10-4_high.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF ELOC PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 13, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of January 13, 2025 (the Effective Date), is made by and between
HELENA GLOBAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES 1 LTD. (the Investor), and HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC., a Nevada
corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS, the parties
desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall have the right to issue and sell to the
Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to Ten Million United States Dollars
($10,000,000) of the Companys shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Stock); and

WHEREAS, the offer
and sale of the Common Stock issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act), or upon such other exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the transactions to be made hereunder.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

Article
I

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Advance shall mean the portion
of the Commitment Amount requested by the Company in an Advance Notice.

Advance Date shall mean the
3rd Trading Day after expiration of the applicable Pricing Period for each Advance.

Advance Halt shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.05(d).

Advance Notice shall mean
a written notice in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto to the Investor executed by an officer of the Company or other authorized
representative of the Company identified on Schedule 1 hereto and setting forth the amount of an Advance that the Company desires to issue
and sell to the Investor.

Advance Notice Confirmation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(a).

Advance Notice Date shall
mean each date the Company delivers (in accordance with Section 2.03 of this Agreement) to the Investor an Advance Notice, subject to
the terms of this Agreement.

Affiliate shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.07.

Agreement shall have the
meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Applicable Laws shall mean
all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, executive orders, directives, policies, guidelines and codes having the force
of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to time, including without limitation (i) all applicable laws
that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping and reporting, (ii) all applicable laws that relate to
anti-bribery, anti-corruption, books and records and internal controls, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
and (iii) any Sanctions laws.

Bankruptcy Law means Title
11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal, state or similar laws for the relief of debtors.

Black Out Period shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 6.02.

Business Day means any day
on which the Trading Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Trading Market is open for trading for a period of time
less than the customary time.

Buy-In shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.06.

Buy-In Price shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.06.

Closing shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.05.

Commitment Amount shall mean
Ten Million United States Dollars ($10,000,000), provided that, the Company shall not effect any sales under this Agreement and
the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase Common Stock under this Agreement to the extent (but only to the extent) that after
giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate number of shares Common Stock issued under this Agreement would exceed 19.99% of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the date of this Agreement (the Exchange Cap); provided further that,
the Exchange Cap will not apply if the Companys stockholders have approved issuances in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance
with the rules of the Trading Market.

Commitment Fee Shares shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 13.04.

Commitment Period shall mean
the period commencing on the date of the Qualified Event or the Qualified Offering and expiring upon the date of termination of this Agreement
in accordance with Section 11.02.

Common Stock shall have the
meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company which entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation,
Common Stock, restricted stock units, any debt, preferred shares, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company shall have the meaning
set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Condition Satisfaction Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01

Custodian means any receiver,
trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

"DTC means the Depository Trust
Company.

DWAC Shares means the Commitment
Fee Shares or the shares of Common Stock acquired or purchased by the Investor pursuant to this Agreement (a) to be resold by the Investor
in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with
this Agreement regarding the resale of such Commitment Fee Shares or shares of Common Stock (as applicable) in accordance with this Agreement,
and (b) about which the Investor has delivered to the Company and the transfer agent to the Company the Transfer Agent Deliverables.

Environmental Laws shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.08.

Exchange Act shall mean the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Exempt Issuance means the
issuance of (a) Common Stock, options, restricted stock units or other equity incentive awards to employees, officers, consultants, directors
or vendors of the Company pursuant to any equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by the Board of Directors of the Company
or a majority of the members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, (b) any Shares issued to the Investor pursuant
to this Agreement, (c) Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or other securities issued to the Investor pursuant to any other existing
or future contract, agreement or arrangement between the Company and the Investor, (d) Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or other
securities upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of any Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or other securities held by the Investor
or an affiliate thereof at any time, (e) any securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Common Stock Equivalents
issued and outstanding on the date hereof, provided that such securities or Common Stock Equivalents referred to in this clause (e) have
not been amended since the date hereof to increase the number of such securities or Common Stock underlying such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities, (f) Common Stock Equivalents that are convertible into, exchangeable
or exercisable for, or include the right to receive Common Stock at a conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price (which
may be below the then current market price of the Common Stock) that is fixed at the time of initial issuance of such Common Stock Equivalents
(subject only to standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, share split, reverse share
split or other similar transaction), which fixed conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price shall not at any time
after the initial issuance of such Common Stock Equivalent be based upon or varying with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common
Stock or subject to being reset at some future date and (g) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions, divestitures, licenses, partnerships,
collaborations or strategic transactions approved by the Board of Directors of the Company or a majority of the members of a committee
of directors established for such purpose, which acquisitions, divestitures, licenses, partnerships, collaborations or strategic transactions
can have a Variable Rate Transaction component, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of
a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an asset in a business synergistic with the business of
the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits, as determined in the sole judgment of the Company, in addition to the
investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising
capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

Hazardous Materials shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.08.

Indemnified Liabilities shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Investor shall have the meaning
set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor Indemnitees shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Material Adverse Effect shall
mean any event, occurrence or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material adverse effect on the legality,
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of
operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material
adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement.

Material Outside Event shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.

Maximum Advance Amount shall
be an amount equal to lesser of (i) fifty percent (50%) of the average of the Daily Value Traded of the Common Stock over the five (5)
Trading Days immediately preceding the date an Advance Notice is delivered, and (ii) two million United States Dollars ($2,000,000); provided,
however, that the parties hereto may modify the aforementioned conditions by mutual prior written consent. For purposes hereof, Daily
Value Traded is the product obtained by multiplying the daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the Trading Market during
regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P., by the VWAP for such Trading Day. For the avoidance of doubt, the daily trading volume
shall include all trades on the Trading Market during regular trading hours.

OFAC shall mean the U.S.
Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Asset Control.

Ownership Limitation shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(a).

Person shall mean an individual,
a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government or political
subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Placement Agent shall mean
Joseph Gunnar & Co LLC.

Plan of Distribution shall
mean the section of a Registration Statement disclosing the plan of distribution of the Common Stock.

Pricing Period shall mean,
in respect of any Advance, the Trading Day commencing upon which the Investor receives the shares of Common Stock relating to such Advance.

3

PubCo means a publicly traded
corporation whose common stock is registered under the Exchange Act and listed on a national securities exchange.

Purchase Price shall mean
97% of the lowest intraday sale price for the Common Stock on the date of the Investors receipt of the shares of Common Stock relating
to such Advance.

Qualified Event means the
direct listing of the Companys securities on a Trading Market, a Reverse Takeover, or a merger with a special purpose acquisition
company (de-SPAC) transaction.

Qualified Offering shall
mean a registered offering of Common Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and warrants to purchase Common Stock) for trading of
the Common Stock on the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New
York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing) for proceeds of no less than $5,000,000.00. 

Registrable Securities shall
mean (i) the Shares, and (ii) any securities issued or issuable with respect to any of the foregoing by way of exchange, stock dividend
or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization or otherwise.

Registration Limitation shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(b).

Registration Statement shall
mean a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or on such other form promulgated by the SEC for which the Company then qualifies
and which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate, and which form shall be available for the registration of the resale by the
Investor of the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act.

Regulation D shall mean the
provisions of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Required Delivery Date means
any date on which the Company or its transfer agent is required to deliver Common Stock to Investor hereunder.

Resale Registration Statement
shall mean a registration statement on Form S-1 registering the Commitment Fee Shares for resale.

Reverse Takeover means a
merger or share exchange by the Company with a PubCo and as a result of which the holders of the Companys outstanding shares of
Common Stock on a fully-diluted basis will own in excess of 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of PubCo.

Rule 144 Holding Period means
six months from the date of issuance of any Common Stock issuable hereunder or such date as shall be required to comply with Rule 144
of the Securities Act.

Sanctions means any sanctions
administered or enforced by OFAC, the U.S. State Department, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majestys
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority.

Sanctions Programs means
any OFAC economic sanction program (including, without limitation, programs related to Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria).

SEC shall mean the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.04.

Securities Act shall have
the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Settlement Date shall mean
the 3rd Trading Day after expiration of the applicable Pricing Period for each Advance.

Settlement Document shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a).

4

Shares shall mean the Common
Stock to be issued from time to time hereunder pursuant to an Advance.

Subsidiaries shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.01.

Trading Day shall mean any
day during which the Trading Market shall be open for business.

Trading Market shall mean
the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market,
or the NYSE Euronext, whichever is at the time the principal trading exchange or market for the Common Stock.

Transaction Documents shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.02.

Transfer Agent Deliverables
means instructions for the delivery of Commitment Fee Shares or shares of Common Stock (as applicable) to the account with DTC of the
Investors designated broker-dealer as specified therein, which Commitment Fee Shares or shares of Common Stock (as applicable)
will be in the hands of the persons who purchase such Commitment Fee Shares or shares of Common Stock (as applicable) from the Investor
in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with
this Agreement and which shares shall be freely tradable and transferable without restriction on resale and without stop transfer instructions
maintained against the transfer thereof. 

Variable Rate Transaction
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any future equity or debt securities that are convertible into, exchangeable
or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents either (A) at a conversion price,
exercise price, exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common
Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such equity or debt securities (including, without limitation, pursuant to any cashless
exercise provision), or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after
the initial issuance of such equity or debt security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related
to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock (including, without limitation, any full ratchet or weighted
average anti-dilution provisions, but not including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization,
non-cash dividend, share split, reverse share split or other similar transaction), (ii) issues or sells any equity or debt securities,
including without limitation, Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, either (A) at a price that is subject to being reset at some future
date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock (other than standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization,
recapitalization, non-cash dividend, share split, reverse share split or other similar transaction), or (B) that is subject to or contains
any put, call, redemption, buy-back, price-reset or other similar provision or mechanism (including, without limitation, a Black-Scholes
put or call right) that provides for the issuance of additional equity securities of the Company or the payment of cash by the Company,
or (iii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an at-the-market offering or equity line or other continuous
offering or similar offering of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, whereby the Company may sell Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
at a future determined price.

VWAP means, for any Trading
Day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such Trading Day on the Trading Market from 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time
through 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, excluding the opening price and the closing price; provided, however upon an Advance Halt the VWAP calculation
shall terminate as of the effective time of the Material Outside Event.

5

Article
II

ADVANCES

Section 2.01 Advances; Mechanics. Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII hereof), the Company at its
sole and exclusive option, may issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, Common Stock on the terms
set forth herein.

Section 2.02 Advance Notice. At any time
during the Commitment Period, the Company may require the Investor to purchase Common Stock by delivering an Advance Notice to the Investor,
subject to the conditions set forth in Section 7.01, and in accordance with the following provisions:

a. The Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the amount of the Advance, not to exceed the Maximum Advance Amount, it desires
to issue and sell to the Investor in each Advance Notice and the time it desires to deliver each Advance Notice.

b. There shall be no mandatory minimum Advances and no non-usages fee for not utilizing the Commitment Amount or any part thereof.

c. The Advance Notice shall be valid upon delivery to Investor in accordance with Exhibit C.

Section 2.03 Date of Delivery of Advance
Notice; Issuance of Shares. 

a. An Advance Notice shall be deemed delivered on the day it is received by the Investor if such notice is
received by email prior to 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time (or later if waived by the Investor in its sole discretion) in accordance with the instructions
set forth on Exhibit C. Following the receipt of such Advance Notice the Investor shall promptly provide the Company with a confirmation
of its receipt of such Advance Notice, which receipt may be in the form of an email (each, an Advance Notice Confirmation).

b. Promptly after receipt of the Advance Notice with respect to each Advance (and, in any event, not later
than one (1) Trading Days after such receipt), the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, issue in the Investors name
in a DRS account or accounts at the transfer agent all the shares of Common Stock purchased by Investor pursuant to such Advance. Such
Common Stock shall constitute restricted securities as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act and
the certificate or book-entry statement representing such Shares shall bear a restrictive legend under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if such Common Stock is to be resold in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the
Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with this Agreement prior to the delivery by the Investor to the Company of the appliable
Advance Notice Confirmation, the Investor shall concurrently with the delivery by the Investor to the Company of such Advance Notice Confirmation
deliver to the transfer agent the Transfer Agent Deliverables. With respect to shares of Common Stock or Commitment Fee Shares to be resold
by the Investor as described in the preceding sentence and as to which the Investor has timely delivered the Transfer Agent Deliverables
with respect to such shares of Common Stock or Commitment Fee Shares, such securities shall be delivered and credited by the transfer
agent using the Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program maintained by DTC (or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing
substantially the same function) to the account with DTC of the Investors designated Broker-Dealer as specified in the Transfer
Agent Deliverables with respect to such securities at the time such securities would otherwise have been required to be delivered to the
Investor in accordance with this Agreement, which securities (x) shall only be used by the Investors Broker-Dealer to deliver such
securities to DTC for the purpose of settling the Investors share delivery obligations with respect to the sale of such Common
Shares or Commitment Fee Shares (as applicable), which may include delivery to other accounts of such Broker-Dealer and inclusion in the
number of shares of Common Stock or Commitment Fee Shares delivered by that Broker-Dealer in net settling that Broker-Dealers
trading of shares of Common Stock, including its positions with the Broker-Dealers of the respective persons who purchase such securities
from the Investor, and (y) shall remain restricted securities as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities
Act until so delivered. The Company and the Investor acknowledge that such Commitment Fee Shares or shares of Common Stock (as applicable)
credited to the account with DTC of the Investors designated Broker-Dealer shall be eligible for transfer to the third-party purchasers
of such Commitment Fee Shares or shares of Common Stock or their respective Broker-Dealers as DWAC Shares. No fractional shares shall
be issued, and any fractional amounts shall be rounded to the next higher whole number of shares.

6

Section 2.04 Advance Limitations. Regardless
of the amount of an Advance requested by the Company in the Advance Notice, the final amount of an Advance pursuant to an Advance Notice
shall be reduced in accordance with each of the following limitations:

a. Ownership Limitation; Commitment Amount. In no event shall the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable to the Investor pursuant to an Advance cause the aggregate number of Shares beneficially owned (as calculated pursuant to Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act) by the Investor and its Affiliates as a result of previous issuances and sales of Common Stock to Investor
under this Agreement to exceed 9.99% of the then issued and outstanding Common Stock (the Ownership Limitation).
In connection with each Advance Notice delivered by the Company, any portion of an Advance that would (i) cause the Investor to exceed
the Ownership Limitation or (ii) cause the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued and sold to the Investor hereunder to exceed
the Commitment Amount shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company, and such Advance Notice shall be
deemed automatically modified to reduce the amount of the Advance requested by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that
in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event.

b. Registration Limitation. In no event shall an Advance exceed the amount registered under the Registration
Statement then in effect (the Registration Limitation) or the Exchange Cap to the extent applicable. In connection
with each Advance Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Registration Limitation or Exchange Cap shall automatically
be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the
aggregate amount of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion in respect of each Advance Notice; provided that
in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event.

c. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree
that upon the Investors receipt of a valid Advance Notice the parties shall be deemed to have entered into an unconditional contract
binding on both parties for the purchase and sale of Common Stock pursuant to such Advance Notice in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement and subject to Applicable Law and Section 3.08 (Trading Activities), the Investor may sell Common Stock during the Pricing Period.

Section 2.05 Closings. The closing of each
Advance and each sale and purchase of Common Stock related to each Advance (each, a Closing) shall take place on
the applicable Settlement Date in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The parties acknowledge that the Purchase Price is not
known at the time the Advance Notice is delivered (at which time the Investor is irrevocably bound) but shall be determined on each Closing
based on the daily prices of the Common Stock that are the inputs to the determination of the Purchase Price as set forth further below.
In connection with each Closing, the Company and the Investor shall fulfill each of its obligations as set forth below:

a. On the Settlement Date in respect of an Advance, the Investor shall deliver to the Company a written document,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (each a Settlement Document), setting forth the final number of shares
of Common Stock to be purchased by the Investor (taking into account any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.04), the Purchase Price,
the aggregate proceeds to be paid by the Investor to the Company, and a report by Bloomberg, L.P. indicating the lowest intraday sale
price for the Common Stock for each of the Trading Days during the Pricing Period (or, if not reported on Bloomberg, L.P., another reporting
service reasonably agreed to by the parties), in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Investor
shall pay to the Company the aggregate purchase price of the Common Stock (as set forth in the Settlement Document) in cash in immediately
available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing and transmit notification to the Company that such funds transfer has
been requested.

b. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on any day during the Pricing Period (i)
the Company notifies Investor that a Material Outside Event set forth in Section 6.08(i) through (v) has occurred or if the Material Outside
Event set forth in Sections 6.08(vi) or (vii) shall have occurred, or (ii) the Company notifies the Investor of a Black Out Period, the
parties agree that the pending Advance shall end (the Advance Halt) and the final number of shares of Common Stock
to be purchased by the Investor at the Closing for such Advance shall be equal to the number of shares of Common Stock sold by the Investor
during the applicable Pricing Period prior to the notification from the Company of a Material Outside Event or Black Out Period.

7

c. On or prior to the Settlement Date, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to the other all
documents, instruments and writings expressly required to be delivered by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement
and effect the transactions contemplated herein.

Section 2.06 Failure to Timely Deliver.

a. If on or prior to the Required Delivery Date either (I) if the transfer agent is not participating in
the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to Investor and register
such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register or, if the transfer agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated
Securities Transfer Program, credit the balance account of Investor or Investors designee with DTC for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which Investor submitted for legend removal by Investor pursuant to clause (ii) below or otherwise or (II) if the Companys
transfer agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, the transfer agent fails to credit the balance
account of Investor or Investors designee with DTC for any shares of Common Stock submitted for legend removal by Investor, in
each case, if and only if the Investor has delivered the Transfer Agent Deliverables in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03(b)
above, and the Company fails to promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day (x) so notify Investor and (y) deliver the Common
Stock electronically without any restrictive legend in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03(b) above, and if on or after such
Trading Day Investor purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale
by Investor of shares of Common Stock submitted for legend removal by Investor that Investor is entitled to receive from the Company (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall, within one (1) Business Day after Investors request and in Investors
discretion, either (i) pay cash to Investor in an amount equal to Investors total purchase price (including brokerage commissions,
borrow fees and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, for the Common Stock so purchased) (the Buy-In Price), at which
point the Companys obligation to so deliver such certificate or credit Investors balance account shall terminate and such
shares shall be cancelled, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so deliver to Investor a certificate or certificates or credit the
balance account of Investor or Investors designee with DTC representing such number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
so delivered if the Company timely complied with its obligations hereunder and pay cash to Investor in an amount equal to the excess (if
any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock that the Company was required to deliver to Investor
by the Required Delivery Date multiplied by (B) the price at which Investor sold such shares of Common Stock in anticipation of the Companys
timely compliance with its delivery obligations hereunder. Nothing shall limit Investors right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock (or to electronically deliver such shares
of Common Stock) as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

b. In the event the Investor sells shares of Common Stock after receipt of an Advance Notice and the Company
fails to perform its obligations as mandated in Section 2.03, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights
and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition to any other remedy to which the Investor is entitled at law or in equity,
including, without limitation, specific performance, it will hold the Investor harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including,
without limitation, all brokerage commissions, borrow fees, legal fees and expenses and all other related out-of-pocket expenses), as
incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company and acknowledges that irreparable damage may occur in the event
of any such default. It is accordingly agreed that the Investor shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches
of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to the Securities Act and other rules of the Trading Market), without the posting
of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

8

Section 2.07 RETURN OF SURPLUS. If the
value of the Shares delivered to the Investor causes the Company to exceed the Commitment Amount, then the Investor shall return to the
Company the surplus amount of Shares associated with such Advance.

Section 2.08 Completion of Resale Pursuant
to the Registration Statement. After the Investor has purchased the full Commitment Amount and has completed the subsequent resale
of the full Commitment Amount pursuant to the Registration Statement, the Investor will notify the Company that all subsequent resales
are completed and the Company will be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

Article
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

Investor hereby represents and warrants to, and
agrees with, the Company that the following are true and correct as of the date hereof and as of each Advance Notice Date and each Advance
Date:

Section 3.01 Organization and Authorization.
The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and has all requisite power
and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, including all transactions contemplated hereby. The decision to invest and
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Investor, the performance by the Investor of its obligations hereunder and the consummation
by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized and require no other proceedings on the part of the
Investor. The undersigned has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other instruments on behalf
of the Investor or its shareholders. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Investor and, assuming the execution and
delivery hereof and acceptance thereof by the Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Investor, enforceable
against the Investor in accordance with its terms.

Section 3.02 Evaluation of Risks. The Investor
has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of, and bearing
the economic risks entailed by, an investment in the Common Stock of the Company and of protecting its interests in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that its investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk,
and that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section 3.03 No Legal, Investment or Tax
Advice from the Company. The Investor acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors
and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of the Companys representatives or agents for legal, tax, investment
or other advice with respect to the Investors acquisition of Common Stock hereunder, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the laws of any jurisdiction, and the Investor acknowledges that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section 3.04 Investment Purpose. The Investor
is acquiring the Common Stock for its own account, for investment purposes and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with,
the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under or exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Investor does not agree, or make any representation
or warranty, to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities
at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a registration statement filed pursuant to this Agreement or an applicable exemption under
the Securities Act. The Investor does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to sell
or distribute any of the Common Stock. The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter and a selling
stockholder in each Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein.

Section 305. Accredited Investor.
The Investor is an Accredited Investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D.

9

Section 3.06 Information. The Investor
and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of
the Company and information the Investor deemed material to making an informed investment decision. The Investor and its advisors (and
its counsel), if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company and its management and have received answers
to such questions. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such Investor or its advisors (and its
counsel), if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Company has not made to the Investor, and the
Investor acknowledges and agrees it has not relied upon, any representations and warranties of the Company, its employees or any third
party other than the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement. The Investor understands that its investment
involves a high degree of risk. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice, as it has considered necessary to make
an informed investment decision with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 3.07 Not an Affiliate. The
Investor is not an officer, director or a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled
by, or is under common control with the Company or any affiliate of the Company (as that term is defined in Rule 405 promulgated
under the Securities Act).

Section 3.08 Trading Activities. The Investors
trading activities with respect to the Common Stock shall be in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, rules
and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. Neither the Investor nor its affiliates has any open short position
in the Common Stock, nor has the Investor entered into any hedging transaction that establishes a net short position with respect to the
Common Stock, and the Investor agrees that it shall not, and that it will cause its affiliates not to, engage in any short sales or hedging
transactions with respect to the Common Stock during the term of this Agreement; provided that the Company acknowledges and agrees that
upon receipt of an Advance Notice the Investor has the right to sell (a) the Common Stock to be issued to the Investor pursuant to the
Advance Notice prior to receiving such shares of Common Stock, or (b) other shares of Common Stock issued or sold by the Company to Investor
pursuant to this Agreement and which the Company has continuously held as a long position.

Section 3.09 General Solicitation. Neither
the Investor, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will engage in any form of general
solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with any offer or sale of the Common Stock by the
Investor.

Article
IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, or in
the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or warranty otherwise
made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules or in another Section of
the Disclosure Schedules, to the extent that it is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure that such disclosure is applicable
to such Section, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, as of the date hereof and each Advance Notice Date (other than
representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such
certain date), that:

Section 4.01 Organization and Qualification.
Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) is an entity duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its state
of organization or incorporation, and has the requisite power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now
being conducted. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing (to the extent applicable)
in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that
the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Companys Subsidiaries means
any Person (as defined below) in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or equity
or similar interests of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such
Person provided that such Subsidiary is set forth on Schedule 4.01.

10

Section 4.02 Authorization, Enforcement, Compliance
with Other Instruments. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Stock) have been or (with respect to consummation)
will be duly authorized by the Companys board of directors and no further consent or authorization will be required by the Company,
its board of directors or its shareholders (except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement). This Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party have been (or, when executed and delivered, will be) duly executed and delivered by the Company and,
assuming the execution and delivery thereof and acceptance by the Investor, constitute (or, when duly executed and delivered, will be)
the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except
as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
liquidation or other laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and
except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law. Transaction Documents
means, collectively, this Agreement and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the parties hereto
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

Section 4.03 No Conflict. The execution,
delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Stock) will not (i) result in a violation of the articles
of incorporation or other organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries (with respect to consummation, as the same may be
amended from time to time prior to the date on which any of the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated), (ii) conflict with,
or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights
of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or its Subsidiaries
is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations or conflicts would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.04 SEC Documents; Financial
Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the
SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law
or regulation to file such material) (all of the foregoing filed within the past two years preceding the date hereof or amended after
the date hereof, or filed after the date hereof, and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and
documents incorporated by reference therein, and all registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act, being hereinafter
referred to as the SEC Documents). The Company has made available to the Investor through the SECs website
at http://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, when viewed as a whole as of the
date hereof, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective
dates (or, with respect to any filing that has been amended or superseded, the date of such amendment or superseding filing), the SEC
Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as applicable, and the rules
and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents. As of their respective dates (or, with respect to any
financial statements that have been amended or superseded, the date of such amended or superseding financial statements), the financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated
in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude
footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company
as of the respective dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of
unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).

11

Section 4.05 Equity Capitalization. As
of the date hereof, the authorized capital of the Company consists of (A) 1,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which, 241,621,455
are issued and outstanding and 7,000,000 shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to Convertible Securities (as defined below) exercisable
or exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock, (B) 1,590 shares of Series D preferred stock, of which 943 are issued
and outstanding, (C) 650 shares of Series E preferred stock, of which 311 are issued and outstanding, and (D) 100 shares of Series F preferred
stock, of which 90 are issued and outstanding. 3,519,572 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance under the Companys 2018
Equity Incentive Plan, of which stock options to purchase 31,001,160 shares have been issued to date, all of which remain subject to vesting.
Convertible Securities means any capital stock or other security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is at any
time and under any circumstances directly or indirectly convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles
the holder thereof to acquire, any capital stock or other security of the Company (including, without limitation, shares of Common Stock)
or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 4.06 Intellectual Property Rights.
The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service
mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade
secrets and rights, if any, necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted, except as would not cause a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received written notice of any infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of trademark,
trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations,
or trade secrets. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Companys
knowledge, being threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding any material trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights,
invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement; and the Company
is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

Section 4.07 Employee Relations. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is involved in any labor dispute nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
is any such dispute threatened, in each case which is reasonably likely to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.08 Environmental Laws. The
Company and its Subsidiaries (i) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply in all material respects with all Environmental
Laws (as defined below), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws
to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply with all terms and conditions
of any such permit, license or approval where, in each of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be
reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The term Environmental Laws
means all applicable federal, state and local laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including,
without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating
to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or
wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees,
demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued,
entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

Section 4.09 Title. Except as would not
cause a Material Adverse Effect, the Company (or its Subsidiaries) have indefeasible fee simple or leasehold title to its properties and
assets owned by it, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim or equitable interest. Any real property
and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with
such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the
Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section 4.10 Insurance. The Company and
each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts
as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged.
The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires
or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.

12

Section 4.11 Regulatory Permits. Except
as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect or as set forth on Schedule 4.11, the Company and its Subsidiaries possess all certificates,
authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own their respective
businesses, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation
or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permits.

Section 4.12 Internal Accounting Controls.
The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed
in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences,
and management is not aware of any material weaknesses that are not disclosed in the SEC Documents as and when required.

Section 4.13 Absence of Litigation. There
is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization
or body pending against or affecting the Company, the Common Stock or any of the Companys Subsidiaries, wherein an unfavorable
decision, ruling or finding would have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.14 Subsidiaries. As of the date
hereof, the Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any other corporation, partnership, association or
other business entity, except for the Subsidiaries and Excluded Subsidiaries.

Section 4.15 Tax Status. Except as would
not have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state
income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all
taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports
and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the
payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. The Company has not received
written notification of any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the
officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any such claim where failure to pay would cause a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.16 Certain Transactions. Except
as (i) set forth in the SEC Documents or (ii) not required to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable Law (including, for the avoidance of
doubt, not yet required to be disclosed at the relevant time), none of the officers or directors of the Company is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or
other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or
otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer or director, or to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust
or other entity in which any officer or director has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

Section 4.17 Rights of First Refusal. The
Company is not obligated to offer the Common Stock offered hereunder on a right of first refusal basis or otherwise to any third parties
including, but not limited to, current or former shareholders of the Company, underwriters, brokers, agents or other third parties.

Section 4.18 Dilution. The Company is aware
and acknowledges that the issuance of shares of Common Stock hereunder could cause dilution to existing shareholders and could significantly
increase the outstanding number of shares of Common Stock.

Section 4.19 Acknowledgment Regarding Investors
Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length
investor with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor
is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereunder and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Shares hereunder. The Company
is aware and acknowledges that it shall not be able to request Advances under this Agreement if the Registration Statement is not effective
or if any issuances of shares of Common Stock pursuant to any Advances would violate any rules of the Trading Market.

13

Section 4.20 Sanctions Matters. Neither
the Company, nor any Subsidiary of the Company, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate
of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is on the list of Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC from time to time:

a. the subject of any Sanctions; or

b. has a place of business in, or is operating, organized, resident or doing business in a country or territory
that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions Programs (including without limitation Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan
and Syria).

Section 4.21 DTC Eligibility. The Company,
through the transfer agent, currently participates in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program and the Common Stock can
be transferred electronically to third parties via the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program.

Article
V

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 5.01 Indemnification by the Company.
In consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition to all of the Companys other
obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, its investment manager,
and each of their respective officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those
retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Investor within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Investor Indemnitees) from
and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and reasonable
and documented expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Investor Indemnitee is a party to the action for which
indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities),
incurred by the Investor Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or
in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based
upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such
loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor
specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any material misrepresentation or breach of any material representation or material warranty made
by the Company in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby; or (c) any material
breach of any material covenant, material agreement or material obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement or any other certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable
under Applicable Law, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities,
which is permissible under Applicable Law.

Section 5.02 Notice of Claim. Promptly
after receipt by an Investor Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or
proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee, shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect thereof
is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Article V, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement
thereof; but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it of liability under this Article V except to the extent
the indemnifying party is prejudiced by such failure. The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent
the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel mutually reasonably satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Indemnitee; provided, however, that an Investor
Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the actual and reasonable third party fees and expenses of not more than
one counsel for such Investor Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the
indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Investor Indemnitee and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due
to actual or potential differing interests between such Investor Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.
The Investor Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action
or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Investor Indemnitee
which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Investor Indemnitee reasonably apprised as to the status
of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action,
claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably
withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Investor Indemnitee, consent
to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the
giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Investor Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.
Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Investor Indemnitee
with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification
required by this Article V shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense,
as and when bills are received and payment therefor is due, subject to receipt by the indemnifying party of an undertaking to repay any
amounts that such party is ultimately not entitled to receive as indemnification pursuant to this Agreement.

14

Section 5.03 Remedies. The remedies provided
for in this Article V are not exclusive and shall not limit any right or remedy which may be available to any indemnified person at law
or equity. The obligations of the parties to indemnify or make contribution under this Article V shall survive expiration or termination
of this Agreement.

Article
VI

COVENANTS

Section 6.01 Registration Statement.

a. Filing of a Registration Statement. No later than thirty (30) days following the Qualified Offering
or Qualified Event (the Filing Date), the Company shall have prepared and filed with the SEC a Resale Registration Statement
for the resale by the Investor of the Registerable Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it shall not have the ability
to request any Advances until the effectiveness of a Registration Statement registering the applicable Registrable Securities for resale
by the Investor.

b. Maintaining a Registration Statement. After the Filing Date, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the Resale Registration Statement, as well as any Registration Statement, that has
been declared effective at all times during the Commitment Period, provided, however, that if the Company has received notification pursuant
to Section 2.08 that the Investor has completed resales pursuant to the Resale Registration Statement or any Registration Statement for
the full Commitment Amount, then the Company shall be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
that, when filed, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) and the prospectus
(including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration Statement shall not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the
statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading. During the
Commitment Period, the Company shall notify the Investor promptly if (i) the Registration Statement shall cease to be effective under
the Securities Act, (ii) the Common Stock shall cease to be authorized for listing on the Trading Market, (iii) the Common Stock ceases
to be registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act or (iv) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports
and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act.

c. Filing Procedures. Not less than one business day prior to the filing of a Registration Statement
and not less than one business day prior to the filing of any related amendments and supplements to any Registration Statements (except
for any amendments or supplements caused by the filing of any annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports), the Company shall furnish to the Investor copies of all such documents proposed to
be filed, which documents (other than those filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act) will be subject to the reasonable
and prompt review of the Investor (in each of which cases, if such document contains material non-public information as consented to by
the Investor pursuant to Section 6.13, the information provided to Investor will be kept strictly confidential until filed and treated
as subject to Section 6.08). The Investor shall furnish comments on a Registration Statement and any related amendment and supplement
to a Registration Statement to the Company within 24 hours of the receipt thereof. If the Investor fails to provide comments to the Company
within such 24-hour period, then the Registration Statement, related amendment or related supplement, as applicable, shall be deemed accepted
by the Investor in the form originally delivered by the Company to the Investor.

15

d. Delivery of Final Documents. The Company shall furnish to the Investor without charge, (i) at least
one copy of each Registration Statement as declared effective by the SEC and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements
and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) at the request of the
Investor, at least one copy of the final prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto
(or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents as the Investor may reasonably
request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Common Stock owned by the Investor pursuant to a Registration
Statement. Filing of the foregoing with the SEC via its EDGAR system shall satisfy the requirements of this section.

e. Amendments and Other Filings. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prepare
and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the related
prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under
the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Commitment Period, and prepare
and file with the SEC such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable
Securities; (ii) cause the related prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required prospectus supplement (subject to the terms
of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act; (iii) provide
the Investor copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to a Registration Statement (provided that the Company may excise
any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information), and (iv) comply with the provisions of the
Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all the shares of Common Stock covered by such Registration Statement until such time
as all of such shares of Common Stock shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller
or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement
which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 6.01(e)) by reason of the Companys
filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to file such report in a prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act to incorporate
such filing into the Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements with the SEC either on the day
on which the Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement the Registration Statement,
if feasible, or otherwise promptly thereafter.

f. Blue-Sky. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable
Law, (i) register and qualify the Common Stock covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky
laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such
amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain
the effectiveness thereof during the Commitment Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations
and qualifications in effect at all times during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable
to qualify the Common Stock for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith
or as a condition thereto to (w) make any change to its articles of incorporation or bylaws, (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction
where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 6.01(f), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction,
or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor of the receipt
by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Common Stock for
sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the
initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

16

Section 6.02 Suspension of Registration Statement.

a. Establishment of a Black Out Period. During the Commitment Period, the Company may from time to
time may suspend the use of the Registration Statement by written notice to the Investor in the event that the Company determines in its
sole discretion in good faith that such suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material nonpublic information concerning
the Company, the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company
or (B) amend or supplement the Registration Statement or prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus shall not include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (a Black Out Period). With respect
to any updated registration statement or post-effective amendment to the registration statement, such blackout period shall continue until
such time as the registration statement or post-effective amendment thereto has been filed and declared effective by the SEC.

b. No Sales by Investor During the Black Out Period. During such Black Out Period, the Investor agrees
not to sell any shares of Common Stock of the Company.

c. Limitations on the Black Out Period. The Company shall not impose any Black Out Period that is
longer than 60 days or in a manner that is more restrictive (including, without limitation, as to duration) than the comparable restrictions
that the Company may impose on transfers of the Companys equity securities by its directors and senior executive officers. In addition,
the Company shall not deliver any Advance Notice during any Black Out Period. If the public announcement of such material, nonpublic information
is made during a Black Out Period, the Black Out Period shall terminate immediately after such announcement, and the Company shall immediately
notify the Investor of the termination of the Black Out Period.

Section 6.03 Listing of the Common Stock.
As of each Advance Date, the Shares to be sold by the Company from time to time hereunder will have been registered under Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act and approved for listing on the Trading Market, subject to official notice of issuance.

Section 6.04 Opinion of Counsel. Prior
to the date of the delivery by the Company of the first Advance Notice, the Investor shall have received an opinion and negative assurances
letter from counsel to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investor.

Section 6.05 Exchange Act Registration.
The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting
company under the Exchange Act and will not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by Exchange Act or the rules
thereunder) to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act.

Section 6.06 Transfer Agent Instructions.
So long as there is a Registration Statement in effect for this transaction, the Company shall (if required by the transfer agent for
the Common Stock) cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver to the transfer agent for the Common Stock (with a copy to the Investor)
instructions to issue shares of Common Stock to the Investor free of restrictive legends upon each Advance if the delivery of such instructions
are consistent with Applicable Law and the Investor has provided the Transfer Agent Deliverables with respect to such shares of Common
Stock required by this Agreement.

Section 6.07 Corporate Existence. The Company
will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve and continue the corporate existence of the Company during the Commitment Period.

17

Section 6.08 Notice of Certain Events Affecting
Registration; Suspension of Right to Make an Advance. The Company will promptly notify the Investor, and confirm in writing, upon
its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration Statement or related prospectus relating
to an offering of Common Stock (in each of which cases the information provided to Investor will be kept strictly confidential): (i) except
for requests made in connection with SEC or other Federal or state governmental authority investigations disclosed in the SEC Documents,
receipt of any request for additional information by the SEC or any other Federal or state governmental authority during the period of
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any request for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or related prospectus;
(ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other Federal governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Common Stock for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or written threat
of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or related
prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires
the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement,
it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading, and that in the case of the related prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or of the necessity to amend the Registration Statement or supplement
a related prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law; and (v) the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement would be appropriate; in which case the Company will prepare and will promptly make available
to the Investor any such supplement or amendment to the related prospectus. The Company shall not deliver to the Investor any Advance
Notice, and the Company shall not sell any Shares pursuant to any Advance Notice (other than as required pursuant to Section 2.05(b)),
during the continuation of any of the foregoing events in clauses (i) through (v) above, or in the event that (vi) there shall be no bid
for the Common Stock on the Trading Market for a period of 15 consecutive minutes at any time during the applicable Pricing Period or
(vii) there shall be a trading halt or circuit breaker event with respect to the Common Stock on the Trading Market
during the applicable Pricing Period (each of the events described in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (vii), inclusive,
a Material Outside Event).

Section 6.09 Consolidation. If an Advance
Notice has been delivered to the Investor, then the Company shall not effect any consolidation of the Company with or into, or a transfer
of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to another entity before the transaction contemplated in such Advance Notice has
been closed in accordance with Section 2.03 hereof, and all Shares issuable in connection with such Advance have been received by the
Investor.

Section 6.10 Issuance of Common Stock.
The issuance and sale of Common Stock hereunder shall be made in accordance with the provisions and requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act or Regulation D under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities law.

Section 6.11 Market Activities. The Company
will not, directly or indirectly, take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected
to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company under Regulation M of the Exchange Act.

Section 6.12 Expenses. The Company, whether
or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, will pay all expenses incident to the
performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement
and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each prospectus and of each amendment and supplement thereto; (ii) the preparation, issuance
and delivery of any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) all reasonable fees and disbursements of the Companys counsel,
accountants and other advisors, (iv) the qualification of the Shares under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement,
including filing fees in connection therewith, (v) the printing and delivery of copies of any prospectus and any amendments or supplements
thereto, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing or qualification of the Shares for trading on the Trading
Market, or (vii) filing fees of the SEC and the Trading Market.

18

Section 6.13 Current Report. The Company
shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and
agents not to, provide the Investor with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries without
the express prior written consent of the Investor (which may be granted or withheld in the Investors sole discretion and must include
an agreement to keep such information confidential until publicly disclosed or 45 days have passed); it being understood that the mere
notification of Investor required pursuant to Section 6.08(iv) hereof shall not in and of itself be deemed to be material non-public information.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that it shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to publicly disclose, no later than 45 days following the date hereof, but in any event prior to delivering the first
Advance Notice hereunder, any information communicated to the Investor by or, to the knowledge of the Company, on behalf of the Company
in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, which, following the date hereof would, if not so disclosed, constitute material,
non-public information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries.

Section 6.14 Advance Notice Limitation.
The Company shall not deliver an Advance Notice if a shareholder meeting or corporate action date, or the record date for any shareholder
meeting or any corporate action, would fall during the period beginning two Trading Days prior to the date of delivery of such Advance
Notice and ending two Trading Days following the Closing of such Advance.

Section 6.15 Use of Proceeds. The
Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Common Stock hereunder for working capital and other general corporate purposes or,
if different, in a manner consistent with the application thereof described in the Registration Statement. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated herein, or lend, contribute, facilitate or
otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person (i) to fund, either directly or indirectly, any activities or business of or with
any Person that is identified on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocker Persons maintained by OFAC, or in any country
or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Sanctions Programs, or (ii) in
any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions.

Section 6.16 Compliance with Laws.
The Company shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws.

Section 6.17 Aggregation. From and after
the date of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor or any of its affiliates will, and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure that no Person acting on their behalf will, directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales of any security or solicit
any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities by the Company to the Investor to
be aggregated with other offerings by the Company in a manner that would require shareholder approval pursuant to the rules of the Trading
Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated, unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing
of such subsequent transaction in accordance with the rules of such Trading Market.

Section 6.18 Other Transactions. The Company
shall not enter into, announce or recommend to its shareholders any agreement, plan, arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms
thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of the Company to perform its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to deliver the Shares to the Investor in accordance
with the terms of the Transaction Documents.

Section 6.19 Integration. From and after
the date of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor or any of its affiliates will, and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure that no Person acting on their behalf will, directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales of any security or solicit
any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require registration of the offer and sale of any of the Securities under
the Securities Act.

19

Section 6.20 Reserved.

Section 6.21 DTC. The Company shall
take all action reasonably required to ensure that its Common Stock can be transferred electronically as DWAC Shares if the Transfer Agent
Deliverables with respect to such Common Stock have been provided by the Investor.

Section 6.22 Non-Public Information. Each
party hereto agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information of the other party to any third party and shall not use the Confidential
Information for any purpose other than in connection with, or in furtherance of, the transactions contemplated hereby in full compliance
with applicable securities laws; provided, however that a party may disclose Confidential Information that is required by law to be disclosed
by the receiving party, provided that the receiving party gives the disclosing party prompt written notice of such requirement prior to
such disclosure and assistance in obtaining an order protecting the information from public disclosure. Each party hereto acknowledges
that the Confidential Information shall remain the property of the disclosing party and agrees that it shall take all reasonable measures
to protect the secrecy of any Confidential Information disclosed by the other party. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other
Person acting on its behalf shall provide the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes material, non-public
information, unless a simultaneous public announcement thereof is made by the Company in the manner contemplated by Regulation FD under
the Exchange Act. In the event of a breach of the foregoing covenant by the Company or any Person acting on its behalf (as determined
in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Investor), in addition to any other remedy provided herein or in the other Transaction Documents,
the Investor shall have the right to make a public disclosure, in the form of a press release, public advertisement or otherwise, of such
material, non-public information without the prior approval by the Company; provided the Investor shall have first provided notice to
the Company that it believes it has received information that constitutes material, non-public information, the Company shall have at
least twenty-four (24) hours to publicly disclose such material, non-public information prior to any such disclosure by the Investor,
and the Company shall have failed to publicly disclose such material, non-public information within such time period. The Investor shall
not have any liability to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders
or agents, for any such disclosure. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on the foregoing covenants
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Section 6.23 Prohibition of Short Sales and
Hedging Transactions. The Investor agrees that beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending on the date of termination of this
Agreement as provided in Section 11, the Investor and its agents, representatives and affiliates shall not in any manner whatsoever enter
into or effect, directly or indirectly, any (i) short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the
Exchange Act) of the Common Stock (excluding transactions properly marked short exempt) or (ii) hedging transaction, which
establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock.

Section 6.24 Use of Name. The Company shall
not, directly or indirectly, use the names Helena Partners, Helena Global Investments, or Helena,
or any derivations thereof, or logos associated with these names, as the case may be, in any manner or take any action that may imply
any relationship with the Investor or any of its Affiliates without the prior written consent of the Investor, provided, however, the
Investor hereby consents to all lawful uses of these names in the prospectus, statement and other materials that are required by applicable
laws or pursuant to the disclosure requirements of the SEC or any state securities authority.

20

Article
VII

CONDITIONS FOR DELIVERY OF ADVANCE NOTICE

Section 7.01 Conditions Precedent to the Right of the Company to
Deliver an Advance Notice. The right of the Company to deliver an Advance Notice and the obligations of the Investor hereunder with
respect to an Advance is subject to:

a. the satisfaction by the Company, on each Advance Notice Date (a Condition Satisfaction Date),
of each of the following conditions:

b. Accuracy of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties
of the Company in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects.

c. Registration of the Common Stock with the SEC. There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant
to which the Investor is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the Registrable Securities. The Company shall
have filed with the SEC all reports, notices and other documents required under the Exchange Act and applicable SEC regulations during
the twelve-month period immediately preceding the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

d. Authority. The Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable
state for the offer and sale of all the Common Stock issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice, or shall have the availability of exemptions
therefrom. The sale and issuance of such Common Stock shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Company is subject.

e. No Material Outside Event or Material Adverse Effect. No Material Outside Event or Material Adverse
Effect shall have occurred and be continuing.

f. Performance by the Company. Unless waived in advance by the Investor, the Company shall have performed,
satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed,
satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date including, without limitation, the delivery
of all Common Stock issuable pursuant to all previously delivered Advance Notices and the issuance of all Commitment Fee Shares previously
required to be issued to Investor (for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material
respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement at the time of the applicable Condition Satisfaction
Date, but did not comply with any timing requirement set forth herein, then this condition shall be deemed satisfied unless the Investor
is materially prejudiced by the failure of the Company to comply with any such timing requirement). When so requested, and following such
Rule 144 Holding Period and delivery of any required documents from the Investor, the Company will ensure that its legal counsel provides
the Investor with a Rule 144 legal opinion regarding the Commitment Fee Shares.

g. No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall
have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or
directly, materially and adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

h. No Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of the Common Stock. The Common Stock is quoted for trading
on the Trading Market and all of the Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice will be listed or quoted for trading on the Trading
Market. The Company shall not have received any written notice that is then still pending threatening the continued quotation of the Common
Stock on the Trading Market

i. Authorized. There shall be a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved
shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice.

j. Executed Advance Notice. The representations contained in the applicable Advance Notice shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

k. Consecutive Advance Notices. Except with respect to the first Advance Notice, the Pricing Period
for all prior Advances has been completed.

21

Furthermore, the Company shall not have the right
to deliver an Advance Notice to the Investor if any of the following shall occur:

l. the Company breaches any representation or warranty in any material respect, or breaches any covenant
or other term or condition under any Transaction Document in any material respect, and except in the case of a breach of a covenant which
is reasonably curable, only if such breach continues for a period of at least three (3) consecutive Business Days;

m. if any Person commences a proceeding against the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy
Law for so long as such proceeding is not dismissed;

n. if the Company is at any time insolvent, or, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law,
(i) commences a voluntary case, (ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (iii) consents to
the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit
of its creditors or (v) the Company is generally unable to pay its debts as the same become due;

o. a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (i) is for relief
against the Company in an involuntary case, (ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property,
or (iii) orders the liquidation of the Company or any Subsidiary for so long as such order, decree or similar action remains in effect;

p. if at any time the Company is not eligible or is unable to transfer its Shares to Investor, including,
without limitation, electronically through DTCs Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system;

q. if the Company shall then be party to a Variable Rate Transaction, except for an Exempt Issuance; or

r. the Shares shall not have been approved by the Investors prime broker or designated clearing firm
for deposit to its account with the Depository Trust Company system.

Article
VIII

NON-DISCLOSURE OF NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION

The Company covenants and agrees that, other than
as expressly required by Section 6.08 hereof or, with the Investors consent pursuant to Section 6.01(c) and 6.13, it shall refrain
from disclosing, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees and agents to refrain from disclosing, any material non-public information
(as determined under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations of the SEC) directly or indirectly to the Investor
or its affiliates, without also disseminating such information to the public, unless prior to disclosure of such information the Company
identifies such information as being material non-public information and provides the Investor with the opportunity to accept or refuse
to accept such material non-public information for review. Unless specifically agreed to in writing, in no event shall the Investor have
a duty of confidentiality, or be deemed to have agreed to maintain information in confidence, with respect to the delivery of any Advance
Notices.

22

Article
IX

NON EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENT

This Agreement and the rights awarded to the Investor
hereunder are non-exclusive, and the Company may, at any time throughout the term of this Agreement and thereafter, if permitted by the
terms of the Agreement, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares and/or securities and/or convertible notes, bonds,
debentures, options to acquire shares or other securities and/or other facilities which may be converted into or replaced by Common Stock
or other securities of the Company, and to extend, renew and/or recycle any bonds and/or debentures, and/or grant any rights with respect
to its existing and/or future share capital.

Article
X

CHOICE OF LAW/JURISDICTION

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to the principles of conflict of laws. The parties further agree that
any action between them shall be heard in New York County, New York, and expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme
Court of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting
in New York, New York, for the adjudication of any civil action asserted pursuant to this Agreement.

Article
XI

ASSIGNMENT; TERMINATION

Section 11.01 Assignment. Neither
this Agreement nor any rights or obligations of the parties hereto may be assigned to any other Person.

Section 11.02 Termination.

a. Unless earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically on the earliest
of (i) the first day of the month next following the 36-month anniversary of the date hereof or (ii) the date on which the Investor shall
have made payment of Advances pursuant to this Agreement for Common Stock equal to the Commitment Amount.

b. The Company may unilaterally terminate this Agreement at any time effective upon five Trading Days
prior written notice to the Investor; provided that (i) there are no outstanding Advance Notices, the Common Stock in respect of which
has yet to be issued, and (ii) the Company has paid all amounts owed to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement including, without limitation,
all Commitment Fee Shares. In addition, this Agreement may be terminated at any time by the mutual written consent of the parties, effective
as of the date of such mutual written consent unless otherwise provided in such written consent.

c. Nothing in this Section 11.02 shall be deemed to release the Company or the Investor from any liability
for any breach under this Agreement, or to impair the rights of the Company and the Investor to compel specific performance by the other
party of its obligations under this Agreement. The indemnification provisions contained in Article V shall survive termination hereunder.

23

Article
XII

NOTICES

Other than with respect to Advance Notices, which
must be in writing and will be deemed delivered on the day set forth in Section 2.03 in accordance with Exhibit C, any notices,
consents, waivers, or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and
will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile or e-mail
if sent on a Trading Day, or, if not sent on a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day; (iii) five days after being sent
by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, (iv) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service,
in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications (except
for Advance Notices which shall be delivered in accordance with Exhibit A hereof) shall be:

If to the Company, to: 

High Wire Networks, Inc.

30 N. Lincoln St.

Batavia, IL 60510 Attn: Mark Porter, CEO

E-mail: mark.porter@highwirenetworks.com

With a Copy (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process)
to:

Pryor Cashman LLP 

7 Times Square

New York, NY 10036-6569

Attn: Ali Panjwani 

Email: ali.panjwani@pryorcashman.com

If to the Investor(s): 

Helena Global Investment Opportunities 1 Ltd.

71 Fort Street

Third Floor

Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

CY-11-11

Attention: Jeremy Weech

Telephone: 242-819-5440

Email: jeremy@helenapartners.com

With a Copy (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process) to: 

Lucosky Brookman LLP

101 Wood Avenue South

Fifth Floor

Woodbridge, New Jersey 08830

Attention: Rodrigo Sanchez, Esq.

Telephone: (732) 395-4417

Email: rsanchez@lucbro.com

Either may change its information contained in
this Article XII by delivering notice to the other party as set forth herein.

24

Article
XIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 13.01 Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts
have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or other electronically scanned and delivered signatures, including
by e-mail attachment, shall be deemed originals for all purposes of this Agreement.

Section 13.02 Entire Agreement; Amendments.
This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor, the Company, their respective affiliates and
persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement contains the entire understanding of the
parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein, neither the Company nor the Investor
makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived
or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. The provisions of the existing confidentiality
agreement between the Investor and the Company shall remain in force, except that all provisions therein dealing with the treatment of
material non-public information are superseded by this Agreement.

Section 13.03 Reporting Entity for the Common
Stock. The reporting entity relied upon for the determination of the trading price or trading volume of the Common Stock on any given
Trading Day for the purposes of this Agreement shall be Bloomberg, L.P. or any successor thereto. The written mutual consent of the Investor
and the Company shall be required to employ any other reporting entity.

Section 13.04 Due Diligence Fee; Commitment Fee Shares.

a. Each of the parties shall pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any attorneys, accountants,
appraisers or others engaged by such party) in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that the
Company shall be responsible for all of Investors customary due diligence and legal fees, which shall not exceed $40,000.

b. In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued to the Investor, as a commitment fee, shares of Common Stock equal to $300,000 (the Commitment Fee
Shares) on the date hereof. The number of Commitment Fee Shares issuable shall (i) be equal to $300,000.00 divided by the lowest
one-day VWAP during the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the entry into this Agreement (the Commitment Fee Share
Reference Price) and (ii) bear a standard restrictive legend (the Original Commitment Fee Share Amount).
If the closing price of the Common Stock provided on the Principal Market on the Trading Day the Registration Statement is declared effective
is less than the Commitment Share Reference Price, the Company shall issue to the Investor additional shares of Common Stock as Commitment
Fee Shares (the Make-Whole Shares) promptly following such date as the Registration Statement is declared effective.
The amount of Make-Whole Shares to be issued shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) $300,000, by (b) the closing price
of the Common Stock provided on the Principal Market on the Trading Day the Registration Statement is declared effective, minus
the Original Commitment Fee Share Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, all shares of stock, including the Make-Whole Shares issuable pursuant
to this Section 13.04(b) shall be deemed Commitment Fee Shares and shall be Registerable Securities for all purposes under this Agreement

Section 13.05 Brokerage. Aside from the
Placement Agent, each of the parties hereto represents that it has had no dealings in connection with this transaction with any finder
or broker who will demand payment of any fee or commission from the other party. The Company on the one hand, and the Investor, on the
other hand, agree to indemnify the other against and hold the other harmless from any and all liabilities to any person claiming brokerage
commissions or finders fees on account of services purported to have been rendered on behalf of the indemnifying party in connection
with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

25

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Purchase Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first set forth above. 

COMPANY:

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

By: 

Name: Mark Porter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INVESTOR:

HELENA GLOBAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES 1 LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

26

EXHIBIT A

ADVANCE NOTICE

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

Dated: ______________ Advance Notice Number: ____

The undersigned, _______________________, hereby
certifies, with respect to the sale of the Common Stock of High Wire Networks, Inc. (the Company) issuable in connection
with this Advance Notice, delivered pursuant to that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025 (the Agreement),
as follows:

1 The undersigned is the duly elected ______________ of the Company.

2 There are no fundamental changes to the information set forth
in the Registration Statement which would require the Company to file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement.

3 All conditions to the delivery of this Advance Notice are satisfied
as of the date hereof.

4 The amount of shares of Common Stock issued in respect of such
Advance is:

5 The number of shares of Common Stock of the Company issued and
outstanding as of the date hereof is ___________.

6 The Pricing Period shall be three (3) Trading Days.

The undersigned has executed this Advance Notice as of the date first
set forth above.

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

27

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF SETTLEMENT DOCUMENT

VIA EMAIL

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

Attn:

Email:

Subject:

Below please find the settlement information with
respect to the Advance Notice Date of:

1. Amount of Advance requested in the Advance Notice

2. Adjusted Advance (after taking into account any adjustments
pursuant to Section 2.04):

3. Lowest Intraday Sale Price during Pricing Period:

3. Purchase Price:

8. Number of Shares issued to Investor:

Sincerely,

HELENA GLOBAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES 1 LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed and Approved:

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

28

SCHEDULE 1

Authorized Representatives

The following individuals may execute Advance Notices:

1. John S. Yu

SCHEDULE 4.01

Subsidiaries

AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC (Puerto Rico)

HWN, Inc. (Delaware)

Secure Voice Corporation (Delaware)

Overwatch CyberLab, Inc. (Delaware)

29

SCHEDULE 4.11

Regulatory Permits

None.

30

EXHIBIT C

VIA EMAIL

Email: jeremy@helenapartners.com

Subject: ELOC: High Wire Networks, Inc.

Advance Notice

Below please find the Advance Notice Date of:

1. Amount of Advance Shares:

2. Time of Advance:

31
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea022772701ex10-5_high.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 13, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

January 13, 2025

High Wire Networks, Inc.

30 North Lincoln Street

Batavia, Illinois 60510

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (the Agreement)
constitutes the agreement between Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC (Joseph Gunnar or the Placement Agent)
and High Wire Networks, Inc. (collectively with its owned or controlled subsidiaries, the Company or High Wire)
that Joseph Gunnar shall serve as the exclusive placement agent for the Company, on a commercially reasonable efforts basis,
in connection with the proposed placement (the Placement) of the Companys 20% original issue discount senior
secured convertible debentures (the Debentures), shares of the Companys Series F preferred stock (the Series
F Preferred Shares) and shares of the Companys common stock (the Common Stock, and, together with
the Debentures and the Series F Preferred Shares, the Securities) pursuant to the terms of a share purchase agreement
(the ELOC Agreement). The precise terms of the Placement will be agreed upon among the Placement Agent, the Company,
and with one or more purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers), it being
understood that the gross proceeds of the Placement of the Debentures and the Series F Preferred Shares will be $1,000,000 (the Debenture
and Preferred Funding Amount) and the gross proceeds of the sale of Common Stock under the ELOC Agreement will be up to $10,000,000.00.
In respect of the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to provide or authorize Joseph Gunnar with the power or authority to bind
the Company or any Purchaser or an obligation for the Company to issue any Securities or complete the Placement. This Agreement and the
documents executed and delivered by the Company or the Purchasers in connection with the Placement (including but not limited to the Debentures,
the Series F Preferred Shares and the ELOC Agreement, and/or the Purchase Agreement (as defined below)) shall be collectively referred
to herein as the Transaction Documents. The date on which there is a closing of the Placement of the Debentures and
the Series F Preferred Shares and the entrance into the ELOC Agreement (the Closing) shall be referred to herein
as the Closing Date. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that Joseph Gunnars obligations hereunder
are on a commercially reasonable efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a legal or binding commitment
by Joseph Gunnar to purchase the Securities or introduce the Company to investors and does not ensure the successful placement of the
Securities or any portion thereof or the success of Joseph Gunnar with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company.
The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the
Placement. The sale of the Debentures and Series F Preferred Shares to any Purchaser will be evidenced by a purchase agreement between
the Company and such Purchaser in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and Joseph Gunnar (the Purchase Agreement)
together with other Transaction Documents. Prior to the signing of the Transaction Documents, officers of the Company will be available
to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.

SECTION 1. COMPENSATION. As
compensation for the services provided by Joseph Gunnar hereunder, the Company agrees to pay to Joseph Gunnar:

(A)
At the Closing, the Company shall pay the Placement Agent a cash fee, in U.S. dollars, as compensation for services rendered in connection
with the Placement of the Debentures and the Series F Preferred Shares (the Cash Compensation). The Cash Compensation
shall be calculated as follows: (i) eight percent (8.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Debentures
and the Series F Preferred Shares to institutional investors introduced by the Placement Agent; (ii) ten percent (10.0%) of the gross
proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Debentures and the Series F Preferred Shares to retail investors introduced by the
Placement Agent; and (iii) four percent (4.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Debentures and the Series
F Preferred Shares to investors not introduced by the Placement Agent but who otherwise participated in the Placement.

(B) In
consideration of its services as a registered broker-dealer acting as Placement Agent in connection with that certain equity line of credit
entered into on January 13, 2025 (the ELOC Agreement) with an investor, Joseph Gunnar shall be entitled to a cash
fee equal to 7% of the gross funding amount for each drawdown under the ELOC Agreement (the ELOC Fee). The ELOC Fee
shall be payable at each closing of a drawdown under the ELOC Agreement (each, an ELOC Closing), in accordance with
the disbursement schedule provided by the investor at each ELOC Closing. Furthermore, the Company agrees to provide written notice to
Joseph Gunnar within one (1) business day after delivering any drawdown notice to the investor, as required under the terms of the ELOC
Agreement.

(C) The
Company, at the Closing, will grant to the Placement Agent, non-redeemable warrants exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock
equal to eight percent (8%) of the total number of common shares of the Companys capital stock into which the Debentures and Series F
Preferred Shares sold in the Placement could be converted by the Purchasers, if the Purchasers converted 100% of the principal balance
of the Debentures and 100% of the stated value of the Series F Preferred Shares into the common shares of the Company (the Placement
Warrants). The Placement Warrants shall be exercisable, at any time, in whole or in part, during the five (5) year period commencing
six (6) months after such Closing. The Placement Warrants will be exercisable at a price per share equal to 100% of the conversion price
at which the Debentures received by the Purchasers in connection with the Placement will be convertible into common shares of the Companys
capital stock, subject to adjustment as set forth therein. The Placement Warrants may be exercised in whole or in part at an initial exercise
price of [$] per Placement Warrant, and shall provide for registration rights (including
a one-time demand registration right and unlimited piggyback rights), and customary anti-dilution provisions (for stock-dividends and
splits and recapitalizations) consistent with FINRA Rule 5110.

(D) Subject
to compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(D), subject to the closing of the Placement, the Company also agrees to reimburse the Placement
Agent for all of the Placement Agents actual out-of-pocket accountable expenses upon receipt of reasonably acceptable evidence
of such expenditures, including up to $25,000 for reimbursement of reasonable and documented fees of legal counsel for the Placement Agent
in connection with the Placement at Closing. In the event the Placement is terminated in accordance with the terms set forth in the Engagement
Agreement (as defined below), the Company shall reimburse the Placement Agent for out-of-pocket expenses up to an aggregate amount of
$5,000.

(E) The
Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation or adjust terms thereof as specified therein in the event that a
determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA Rules
or that the terms thereof require adjustment.

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. Each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosures in the disclosure schedules
appended thereto) made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Transaction Documents, is hereby incorporated herein by reference (as though
fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In addition to
the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that:

(A) (i)
the Company has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all of its obligations hereunder; (ii) this
Agreement has been duly authorized and executed and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of such party enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except (x) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (y) as limited by laws relating to the
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, and (z) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law; and (iii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby does not conflict with or result in a breach of (y) the Companys certificate of incorporation or by-laws or
other charter documents or (z) any agreement to which the Company is a party or by which any of its property or assets is bound.

(B) All
disclosure provided by the Company to the Placement Agent regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby,
is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
provided, however, that the foregoing does not apply to any statements or omissions made solely in reliance on and in conformity with
written information furnished to the Company by the Placement Agent specifically for use in the preparation thereof.

2

(C) The
Company has not taken and will not take any action, directly or indirectly, so as to cause the Placement not to be entitled to the exemption
from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act).
In effecting the Placement, the Company agrees to comply in all material respects with applicable provisions of the Act and any regulations
thereunder and any applicable laws, rules, regulations and requirements (including, without limitation, all U.S. state law and all national,
provincial, city or other legal requirements).

(D) The
Placement Warrants, upon issuance in accordance with the terms herein, will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state
securities laws. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Placement Warrants have been duly reserved for issuance, and
upon issuance in accordance with the terms of the Placement Warrants and payment of the exercise price therefor, will be validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer other than restrictions on transfer under this Agreement, the Placement
Warrant, the ELOC Agreement, applicable federal and state securities laws and liens or encumbrances created by or imposed by the Placement
Agent.

SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS OF JOSEPH
GUNNAR. Joseph Gunnar represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the states applicable to
the offers and sales of the Securities by Joseph Gunnar, (iv) is a limited liability company validly existing under the laws of its place
of incorporation or formation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. Joseph
Gunnar will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status as such. Joseph Gunnar covenants that it will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to conduct the Placement in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable
law.

SECTION 4. INDEMNIFICATION.
The Company agrees to the indemnification and other agreements set forth in the Indemnification provisions (the Indemnification)
attached hereto as Addendum A, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference and shall survive the termination or expiration
of this Agreement.

SECTION 5. ENGAGEMENT TERM.
The Placement Agents engagement hereunder shall be until the earlier of (i) May 21, 2025, and (ii) the Closing Date of the Offering
(as defined in that certain engagement letter between the Company and Joseph Gunnar dated November 21, 2024, the Engagement Agreement),
except in the case of termination by the Company of Joseph Gunnar of its engagement for Good Reason, as defined in the Engagement Agreement
(such date, the Termination Date and the period of time during which this Agreement remains in effect is referred
to herein as the Engagement Period). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning
any obligation of the Company to pay any fees pursuant to Section 1 hereof, any expense reimbursement pursuant to Section 1 hereof, confidentiality,
indemnification and contribution, Tail Financing (defined below) contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in the
Indemnification Provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement on the terms thereof. If this Agreement is terminated
prior to the completion of the Placement, all fees and expense reimbursement due to the Placement Agent, if any, shall be paid by the
Company to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees are earned or owed as of the Termination Date).
The Placement Agent agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to such Placement Agent by the Company
for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

SECTION 6. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by Joseph Gunnar in connection with this engagement is for the confidential
use of the Company only in its evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required by applicable law, rule or regulation, the
Company will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without Joseph Gunnars prior written consent.

SECTION 7. NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP.
This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not a party hereto,
except those entitled hereto by virtue of the Indemnification provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Joseph Gunnar
is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity holders or the creditors
of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of Joseph Gunnar hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly
waived.

3

SECTION 8. CLOSING. The obligations
of the Placement Agent hereunder, and the closing of the sale of the Securities pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the ELOC Agreement,
the Debentures or Series F Preferred Shares, as the case may be, are subject to the accuracy, when made and on the Closing Date, of the
representations and warranties on the part of the Company and its subsidiaries contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement, the ELOC
Agreement, the Debentures, or Series F Preferred Shares, as the case may be, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company and its
subsidiaries made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and its subsidiaries of their
obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional terms and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged
and waived by the Placement Agent by the Company:

(A) All
corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Securities and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory
in all material respects to counsel for the Placement Agent, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information
that such counsel may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

(B) The
Placement Agent shall have received as of the Closing Date the written opinion of legal counsel to the Company, dated as of the Closing
Date, addressed to the Placement Agent in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to Joseph Gunnar.

(C) (i)
The Company or its parent shall not have sustained, any material loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood, terrorist
act or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree,
otherwise than as set forth in or contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the ELOC Agreement, the Debentures or Series F Preferred Shares,
as the case may be, for the Placement of the Securities, nor (ii) there shall not have been any change in the capital stock or long-term
debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the business,
general affairs, management, financial position, shareholders equity, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its
subsidiaries, the effect of which, in any such case described in clause (i) or (ii), is, in the reasonable judgment of the Placement Agent,
so material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms
and in the manner contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the ELOC Agreement, the Debentures or Series F Preferred Shares as the case
may be.

(D) Subsequent
to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and up to the Closing Date, there shall not have occurred any of the following: (i) a
banking moratorium shall have been declared by federal or state authorities or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking
or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States, (ii) the United States shall have become engaged in hostilities in
which it is not currently engaged, the subject of an act of terrorism, there shall have been an escalation in hostilities involving the
United States, or there shall have been a declaration of a national emergency or war by the United States, or (iii) there shall have occurred
other calamity or crisis or any change in general economic, political or financial conditions in the United States or elsewhere, if the
effect of any such event in clause (ii) or (iii) makes it, in the sole and reasonable judgment of the Placement Agent, impracticable or
inadvisable to proceed with the sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by the Purchase Agreement,
the ELOC Agreement, the Debentures, or Series F Preferred Shares as the case may be.

(E) No
action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental
agency or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially adversely effect or potentially
materially adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature
by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the issuance
or sale of the Securities or materially and materially adversely affect or potentially materially adversely affect the business or operations
of the Company.

(F) The
Company shall have entered into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers and ELOC Agreement with an investor, and such agreements
or notes shall be in full force and effect and shall contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed between
the Company and the Purchasers.

4

(G) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent such further information, certificates and documents
as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(H) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received copies of all waiver and acknowledgements required to be obtained
by the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the ELOC Agreement, the Debentures or Series F Preferred Shares if any.

(I) The
Placement Agent shall have completed its due diligence investigation of the Company to the satisfaction of the Placement Agent and its
counsel, including without limitation, its due diligence investigation and analysis of: (i) the Companys officers, directors, employees,
affiliates, customers and suppliers; and (ii) the Companys audited historical financial statements as may be required by the Act
and rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder; and (iii) the Companys prospects.

(J) FINRA
shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement that may not otherwise
be cured. In addition, the Company shall, if requested by the Placement Agent, make or authorize Placement Agents counsel to make
on the Companys behalf, an issuer filing with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5123 with respect to the Placement and pay filing fees
required in connection therewith, if any.

All opinions, letters, evidence
and certificates mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if
they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Placement Agent.

SECTION 9. COVENANTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
Following the Closing of the Placement, the Placement Agent shall be entitled to the compensation set forth in Section 1 herein with respect
to the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities during the Engagement Period to any investor the Placement
Agent had substantive discussions with in connection with the Placement (the Tail Financing), unless the Company
had a pre-existing business relationship with such investor that it can document, and such Tail Financing is consummated at any time during
the twelve (12) month period following the later (x) of termination or expiration of the Engagement Period or (y) the Closing of the Offering.

SECTION 10. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. Provided that
the Securities are sold in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall have an irrevocable right of first refusal
(the Right of First Refusal) for a period of fifteen (15) months after the date the Offering is completed, to act
as exclusive financial advisor, sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole placement agent, at the Placement Agents sole
and exclusive discretion, for each and every future public or private equity and debt offering and business combination in which the Company
engages an underwriter or placement agent (each, a Subject Transaction), during such fifteen (15) period, of the
Company, or any successor to or any of subsidiary of the Company on terms and conditions customary to the Placement Agent for such Subject
Transactions. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Company shall not retain, engage or solicit any additional underwriter and/or placement
agent in a Subject Transaction without the express written consent of the Placement Agent.

SECTION 11. GOVERNING LAW.
This Agreement will be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal law of
the State of New York. The Company and the Placement Agent each (i) agree that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement shall be instituted exclusively in the New York State Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and
the right to assert that such forum is an inconvenient forum, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York State
Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action
or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Placement Agent further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process that
may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York State Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York and agree that service of process upon it mailed by certified mail to its address
shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process in any such suit, action or proceeding. The parties hereby expressly waive
all rights to trial by jury in any suit, action or proceeding arising under this Agreement.

5

SECTION 12. ENTIRE AGREEMENT/MISC.
This Agreement (including the attached Indemnification provisions) embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties
hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement
is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or
any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified
or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both Joseph Gunnar and the Company. The representations, warranties, agreements
and covenants contained herein shall survive the closing of the Placement and delivery of the Securities, as applicable. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall
become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties
need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such
signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the
same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent
may rely upon, and is a third party beneficiary of, the representations and warranties, and applicable covenants set forth in any such
purchase, subscription or other agreement with the Purchasers in the Placement. All amounts stated in this Agreement are in US dollars
unless expressly stated.

SECTION 13. NOTICES. Any and
all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address specified
on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, (b) the next Business Day after the
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that
is not a Business Day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (c) the third Business Day following the date
of mailing, if sent by U.S. internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice
is required to be given. Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in
the City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated
to be closed due to a shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar closure of physical branch locations
at the direction of any governmental authority if such banks electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) are
open for use by customers on such day. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages hereto.

SECTION 14. PRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS. The
Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, from and after any Closing, have the right to reference the Placement and the Placement
Agents role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials and on its website and to place advertisements
in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense, provided such publicizing shall not impact the Companys
ability to conduct the Placement pursuant to all applicable securities laws.

SECTION 15. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement or any obligations
or rights hereunder may not be assigned by any party hereto without the other partys prior written consent.

SECTION 16. HEADINGS; LANGUAGE. The
headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of
the provisions hereof. The official language of this Agreement is the English language and it shall be interpreted in the English language
for all purposes.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

6

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly
sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to Joseph Gunnar the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours,

JOSEPH GUNNAR & CO., LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for notice:

1000 RXR Plaza

Uniondale, New York 11556

Attention: Stephan Stein

Email: sstein@jgunnar.com

Accepted and Agreed to as of 

the date first written above: 

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for notice:

High Wire Networks, Inc.

30 North Lincoln Street

Batavia, Illinois 60510

7

ADDENDUM A

INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS

Capitalized terms used in
this Addendum shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement to which this Addendum is attached:

In addition to and without
limiting any other right or remedy available to the Placement Agent and the Indemnified Parties (as hereinafter defined), to the extent
permitted by law, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Placement Agent and each of the other Indemnified Parties from and
against any and all losses, claims, damages, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities, reasonable and accountable out-of-pocket
costs, reasonable and accountable out-of-pocket expenses and reasonable disbursements, and any and all actions, suits, proceedings and
investigations in respect thereof and any and all reasonable legal and other reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements in giving testimony
or furnishing documents in response to a subpoena or otherwise (including, without limitation, the reasonable and accountable out-of-pocket
costs, out-of-pocket expenses and disbursements, as and when incurred, of investigating, preparing, pursing or defending any such action,
suit, proceeding or investigation (whether or not in connection with litigation in which any Indemnified Party is a party)) (collectively,
Losses), directly or indirectly, caused by, relating to, based upon, arising out of, or in connection with, Placement
Agents acting for the Company and as a Placement Agent, including, without limitation, any act or omission by Placement Agent in
connection with its acceptance of or the performance or nonperformance of its obligations under the Agreement between the Company and
Placement Agent to which these indemnification provisions are attached and form a part, any breach by the Company of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the Agreement (or in any instrument, document or agreement relating thereto or referred to
therein, including the Purchase Agreements, the ELOC Agreement, the Debentures, Series F Preferred Shares and any agency agreement), or
the enforcement by Placement Agent of its rights under the Agreement or these indemnification provisions, except to the extent that any
such Losses relate to or arise out of fraud, recklessness, bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Placement Agent or
any other Indemnified Party.

The Company also agrees that
no Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in
connection with the engagement of Placement Agent by the Company or for any other reason, except to the extent that any Loss relates to
or arise out of fraud, recklessness, bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Placement Agent or any other Indemnified
Party.

These Indemnification Provisions
shall extend to the following persons (collectively, the Indemnified Parties): the Placement Agent, its affiliated
entities, managers, members, officers, directors, shareholders, partners, employees, legal counsel, agents, representatives, and controlling
persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and the officers, directors, partners, shareholders, members, managers, employees,
legal counsel, agents, representatives and controlling persons of any of them. These indemnification provisions shall be in addition to
any liability, which the Company may otherwise have to any Indemnified Party.

If any action, suit, proceeding
or investigation is commenced, as to which an Indemnified Party proposes to demand indemnification, it shall notify the Company with reasonable
promptness; provided, however, that any failure by an Indemnified Party to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from its obligations
hereunder. An Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain one counsel of its own choice to represent it, and the reasonable fees,
expenses and disbursements of such counsel shall be borne by the Company. Any such counsel shall, to the extent consistent with its professional
responsibilities, reasonably cooperate with the Company and any counsel designated by the Company. The Company shall be liable for any
settlement of any claim against any Indemnified Party made with the Placement Agents and the Companys written consent. The
Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Placement Agent, settle or compromise any claim, or permit a default or consent
to the entry of any judgment in respect thereof, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes, as an unconditional term
thereof, the giving by the claimant to all of the Indemnified Parties of an unconditional release from all liability in respect of such
claim, and (ii) does not contain any factual or legal admission by or with respect to an Indemnified Party or an adverse statement with
respect to the character, professionalism, expertise or reputation of any Indemnified Party or any action or inaction of any Indemnified
Party.

8

In order to provide for just
and equitable contribution, if a claim for indemnification pursuant to these indemnification provisions is made but it is found in a final
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case,
even though the express provisions hereof provide for indemnification in such case, then the Company shall contribute to the Losses to
which any Indemnified Party may be subject (i) in accordance with the relative benefits received by the Company and its shareholders,
subsidiaries and affiliates, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, from the Placement of the Securities and (ii)
if (and only if) the allocation provided in clause (i) of this sentence is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as to reflect
not only the relative benefits, but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand,
in connection with the statements, acts or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well as any relevant equitable considerations. No
person found liable for a fraudulent misrepresentation shall be entitled to contribution from any person who is not also found liable
for fraudulent misrepresentation. The relative benefits received (or anticipated to be received) by the Company and its shareholders,
subsidiaries and affiliates shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate consideration received or receivable by the Company in connection
with the Placement of Securities relative to the amount of fees actually received by Placement Agent in connection with such Placement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the amount contributed by all Indemnified Parties exceed the amount of fees previously
received by Placement Agent pursuant to the Agreement.

Neither termination nor completion
of the Agreement shall affect these Indemnification Provisions which shall remain operative and in full force and effect. The Indemnification
Provisions shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnified Parties
and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives.

[Signature Page Follows]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Addendum to that certain Placement Agency Agreement dated as of this __ day of , 2024.

JOSEPH GUNNAR & CO., LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for notice:

1000 RXR Plaza

Uniondale, New York 11556

Attention: Stephan Stein

Email: sstein@jgunnar.com

Accepted and Agreed to as of 

the date first written above: 

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for notice:

High Wire Networks, Inc.

30 North Lincoln Street

Batavia, Illinois 60510

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>hwni-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>hwni-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>hwni-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 000-53461

Entity Registrant Name High Wire Networks,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001413891

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-5055489

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 30 North Lincoln Street

Entity Address, City or Town Batavia

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60510

City Area Code 952

Local Phone Number 974-4000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol HWNI

Security Exchange Name NONE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://highwirenetworks.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0227727-8k_high.htm 
hwni-20250113.xsd 
hwni-20250113_lab.xml 
hwni-20250113_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-004346-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ea0227727-8k_high_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001413891 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001413891 
NONE 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
High Wire Networks, Inc. 
NV 
000-53461 
81-5055489 
30 North Lincoln Street 
Batavia 
IL 
60510 
952 
974-4000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
HWNI 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>