<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002385.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002385.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250402163008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002385
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55406
		FILM NUMBER:		25805152

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-291-7778

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000159300100015930012025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 000-55406 46-3885019

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer

Identification No.)

520
White Plains Road - Suite 500

Tarrytown,
New York10591

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (866)291-7778

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Not
applicable Not
applicable Not
applicable

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
disclosure set forth under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

On
March 31, 2025, Nightfood Holdings, Inc. (NGTF or the Company) completed the acquisition of Skytech Automated
Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation (Skytech), pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement)
entered into by and among the Company, Skytech, and all of the shareholders of Skytech (the Sellers). Under the terms of
the Agreement, the Company acquired from the Sellers all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, $10.00 par value pe share,
of Skytech in exchange for shares of NGTFs Series C Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (Series C Preferred Stock).
As a result of the transaction, Skytech became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

The
total consideration for the acquisition was $6,200,000, which consisted of 10,000 shares of NGTFs Series C Preferred Stock (the
Exchange Shares) issued to the Sellers, pro rata, at the closing of the transaction, and additional shares of Series C
Preferred Stock issuable to the Sellers if certain future revenue targets are met by Skytech (the Earnout Shares). The
Earnout Shares will be issued based on annual revenue performance for future fiscal years and are subject to defined thresholds of $5
million, $10 million, $25 million, and $50 million in annual revenue. The amount of Earnout Shares to be issued, if any, will be calculated
based on the Companys 30-day volume-weighted average trading price and a conversion ratio specified in the Agreement.

In
addition to the Exchange Shares and potential Earnout Shares, the Agreement provides that management of Skytech are eligible to receive
performance-based equity awards of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share. The equity awards are contingent on
the achievement of certain revenue and EBITDA milestones and will be calculated based on the Companys trading price at the time
such performance milestones are met.

Pursuant
to the Agreement, each of the Sellers has agreed not to transfer or sell any of the Exchange Shares for a period of six (6) months following
the closing, subject to certain limited exceptions. The Series C Preferred Stock issued to the Sellers is junior to the Companys
Series B Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, liquidation rights, and other preferences.

The
Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnification provisions. The foregoing description of the
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosure set forth in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. The issuance of the Exchange
Shares and any future Earnout Shares to the Sellers was made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, as transactions not involving a public
offering.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
April 1, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of its acquisition of Skytech and highlighting the strategic
rationale and expected benefits of the transaction. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on
Form 8-K.

The
information in this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into
any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in
such filing.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a)
Financial Statements of Business Acquired

The
Company has determined that the acquisition of Skytech does not meet the significance thresholds under Rule 3-05 of Regulation S-X and,
therefore, the Company is not required to file financial statements under this item.

(b)
Pro Forma Financial Information

The
Company has determined that the acquisition of Skytech does not meet the significance thresholds under Rule 3-05 of Regulation S-X and,
therefore, the Company is not required to file pro forma financial information under this item.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

2.1* Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 31, 2025.

99.1 Press release, dated April 1, 2025, announcing the acquisition of Skytech Automated Solutions Inc.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* The
schedules and exhibits to the Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation
S-K.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date:
April 2, 2025

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: /s/
Lei Sonny Wang 

Name: Lei
Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
2.1

SHARE
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This
SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025, is by and among Nightfood Holdings,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (Buyer), Skytech Automated Solutions Inc. (Company), Philip David
Garcia, Ruben Garcia, Robb Floco, Jordan Ellis, and Ried Floco (each a Seller and, collectively, the Sellers).
Each of the parties to this Agreement is individually referred to herein as a Party and, collectively, as the Parties.
Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Annex A hereto.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Buyer is a company subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and its shares of common
stock, $0.001 par value per share, are quoted for public trading on the OTCQB market operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the OTC);

WHEREAS,
Buyer wishes to acquire Company for a total purchase price of $6,200,000 through an exchange between Buyer and the Sellers of the Buyer
Exchange Shares and Buyer Earnout Shares for all issued and outstanding shares of common stock, $10.00 par value per share, of Company
(the Company Common Stock) owned by the Sellers;

WHEREAS,
the Sellers collectively own 100% of the Company Common Stock, and in accordance with the Companys bylaws have approved this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;

WHEREAS,
the respective boards of directors of Buyer and Company have each unanimously (i) determined that it is in the best interests of each
entity and its respective stockholders, and declared it advisable to enter into this Agreement; and (ii) approved the execution, delivery,
and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Exchange, in accordance
with, respectively, the Nevada Revised Statutes and the General Corporation Law of Delaware, each as amended;

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Exchange will be conducted in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder; and

WHEREAS,
it is intended that the terms and conditions of this Agreement comply in all respects with Section 368(a)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), so that the Exchange shall qualify as a tax free reorganization under the Code,
that the Exchange shall also qualify as a transaction in securities exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act,
and the parties intend this Agreement to qualify as a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Sections 1.368-2(g), 1.368-3(a) and any related regulations corresponding to Section 368(a)(1)(B).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending
to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

SHARE
EXCHANGE

1.1.
The Share Exchange. On the terms set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing: (a) each Seller shall sell, transfer, convey, assign
and deliver to Buyer such Sellers shares of Company Common Stock, free and clear of all Liens and other encumbrances; and (b)
Buyer shall issue the Buyer Exchange Shares pro rata to the Sellers (the Exchange).

1.2.
Purchase Price. The aggregate purchase price for the Company Common Stock shall be $6,200,000 (Purchase Price),
which shall be comprised of the Buyer Exchange Shares and the Buyer Earnout Shares.

(a)
Buyer Earnout Shares. As of each June 30 fiscal year end (Earnout Period), Buyer shall issue to the
Sellers, in accordance with their Pro Rata Portion, the Buyer Earnout Shares when the annual revenue for such applicable fiscal year
is $5,000,000 ($5M Revenue Target), $10,000,000 ($10M Revenue Target), $25,000,000 ($25M
Revenue Target), or $50,000,000 ($50M Revenue Target, collectively, the Revenue Targets).

1.3.
Closing. The closing (the Closing) of the Exchange and transactions contemplated hereby shall take place
simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement on the date of this Agreement (the Closing Date) and remotely
by the exchange of documents and signatures, or their electronic counterparts.

1.4.
Closing Deliverables. At the Closing:

(a)
Company shall deliver to Buyer:

(i) the
Company Disclosure Schedules;

(ii) the
Company Common Stock by book-entry form and shall also deliver a copy of the stock ledger of Company evidencing that Buyer is the
sole holder of the Company Common Stock as of the Closing Date; and

(iii) a
certificate of the Secretary (or other officer) of Company, dated as of the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer
of Company, that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors of Company authorizing
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the Exchange.

(b)
Buyer shall deliver:

(i) to
each Seller the Buyer Exchange Shares, in accordance with their Pro Rata Portion, by book-entry form and shall also deliver a copy
of the stock ledger of Buyer evidencing that each Seller is the holder of such Sellers Buyer Exchange Shares as of the Closing
Date; and

(ii) to
Company a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer of Buyer, that attached thereto are true
and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by Buyer authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Exchange.

ARTICLE
II

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS

Except
as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedules, each of the Sellers hereby, severally and not jointly, represent and warrant to Buyer
as follows:

2.1.
Good and Valid Title. Such Seller is the record and beneficial owner, and has good and marketable title to the Company Common
Stock to be sold by such Seller hereunder, with the right and authority to sell and deliver such SWC Common Stock, free and clear of
all Liens, and, upon consummation of the transfer of such Company Common Stock as contemplated hereby, Buyer shall have good and valid
title to such Company Common Stock free and clear of any Liens.

2.2.
Power and Authority. Such Seller has the legal power, capacity and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each transaction
document to be delivered by it hereunder and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and to consummate the transactions
hereunder. All acts required to be taken by such Seller to enter into this Agreement, to deliver each transaction document to which it
is a party and to carry out the transactions hereunder have been properly taken. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of such Seller, enforceable against such Seller in accordance with the terms hereof, except as such enforcement is limited
by general equitable principles, or by bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally.

2.3.
No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Seller and the performance by such Seller of its obligations
hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof: (a) will not require the consent of any third party or Governmental Entity under any Laws;
(b) will not violate any Laws applicable to such Seller; and (c) will not violate or breach any contractual obligation to which such
Seller is a party.

2.4.
Litigation. Except as set forth in Section 2.4 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, there is no Legal Action pending or, to such
Seller knowledge, threatened against such Seller, that involves the Company Common Stock or that challenges, or may have the effect of
preventing, delaying or making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, any of the transactions hereunder and, to the knowledge of such
Seller, no such Legal Action has been threatened, and no event or circumstance exists that is reasonably likely to give rise to or serve
as a basis for the commencement of any such Legal Action.

2.5.
Accredited Investor. Such Seller is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

2.6.
Purchase Entirely for Own Account. The Buyer Exchange Shares to be acquired by the such Seller hereunder will be acquired for
investment for its own account, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and such Seller has no present
intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Buyer Exchange Shares, except in compliance with applicable securities laws and as
defined within Section 5.2.

2.7.
Available Information. Such Seller has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of an investment in Buyer, and such Seller hereby acknowledges that it has had the opportunity review all publicly
available information concerning Buyer, including, but not limited to all filings made by Buyer to the SEC pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.8.
Non-Registration. Such Seller understands that the Buyer Exchange Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and,
if issued in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, will be issued by reason of a specific exemption from the registration
provisions of the Securities Act which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy
of such Sellers representations as expressed herein.

2.9.
Restricted Securities. Such Seller understands that the shares comprising the Buyer Exchange Shares are characterized as restricted
securities under the Securities Act inasmuch as this Agreement contemplates that, if acquired by such Seller pursuant hereto,
the Buyer Exchange Shares would be acquired in a transaction not involving a public offering. The issuance of the Buyer Exchange Shares
hereunder has not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the U.S. and that the issuance of the
Buyer Exchange Shares is being effected in reliance upon an exemption from registration afforded under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act for transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Such Seller further acknowledges that if the Buyer Exchange Shares
are issued to such Seller in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, such Buyer Exchange Shares may not be resold without registration
under the Securities Act or the existence of an exemption therefrom. Such Seller represents that it is familiar with Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act, as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act.

2.10.
Legends. Such Seller hereby understands and agrees that any certificates for the Buyer Exchange Shares shall bear to the following
legend, or one substantially similar:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT: (1) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS OR (2) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION
ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN
THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

Except
as set forth in the correspondingly numbered Section of the disclosure schedules delivered by Company to Buyer (Company Disclosure
Schedules), Company hereby represents and warrants to Buyer as follows:

3.1.
Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease, and operate its assets
and to carry on its business as now conducted. Company is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign corporation and is in
good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of the assets and properties owned, leased, or operated by it or the nature of
its business makes such qualification or license necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or licensed or to be in good
standing, would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on Company, a material
adverse effect on the ability of Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or on the ability of Company to consummate the
transactions hereunder (collectively, a Company Material Adverse Effect). Company has delivered to Buyer true and
complete copies of the Company Certificate of Incorporation, Company Bylaws, organizational documents and other constituent formation
and governing documents of Company, in each case as amended through the date of this Agreement.

3.2.
Capital Structure. The authorized capital stock of Company consists of 100 shares of common stock, $10.00 par value per share,
representing 100% of the capital stock of the Company, all of which are issued and outstanding and held by the Sellers collectively.
No other classes of shares or other voting securities of Company are issued or reserved for issuance or outstanding. All outstanding
capital stock of Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to or issued in violation
of any purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right under any provision
of the law of Delaware, the Company Certificate of Incorporation, or any contract to which Company is a party or otherwise bound. As
of the date of this Agreement, there are no options, warrants, rights, convertible or exchangeable securities, phantom
stock rights, stock appreciation rights, stock-based performance units, commitments, contracts, arrangements or undertakings of any kind
to which Company is a party or by which Company is bound that (a) obligates Company to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other equity interests in, or any security convertible or exercisable for or
exchangeable into any capital stock of or other equity interest in, Company, (b) obligates Company to issue, grant, extend or enter into
any such option, warrant, call, right, security, commitment, contract, arrangement or undertaking, or (c) that give any person the right
to receive any economic benefit or right similar to or derived from the economic benefits and rights occurring to holders of the capital
stock of Company. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of Company to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any capital stock of Company.

3.3.
Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability. Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions hereunder. The execution and delivery by Company of this Agreement and the consummation
by Company of the transactions hereunder have been duly authorized and approved by the Board of Directors and stockholders of Company,
and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement and the transactions hereunder. When
executed and delivered, this Agreement will be enforceable against Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement is
limited by general equitable principles, or by bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally.

3.4.
No Conflicts; Consents. The execution and delivery by Company of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions
hereunder and compliance with the terms hereof will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with or without notice
or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to loss of
a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Company [or any of its subsidiaries
under], any provision of (i) the Company Certificate of Incorporation, or other comparable charter or organizational documents of Company,
(ii) any material contract to which Company is a party or by which its properties or assets is bound or (iii) any material judgment,
order or decree or material Law applicable to Company or its properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii)
above, any such items that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

3.5.
Compliance with Applicable Laws. Except for any required filings under applicable Blue Sky or state securities commissions,
no Consent of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or permit from, any Governmental Entity is required to be obtained or made
by or with respect to Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions hereunder. Company has conducted its business and operations in compliance with all applicable
Laws, except for instances of noncompliance that, individually and in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

3.6.
Material Contracts. All material contracts, agreements, licenses, notes, bonds, mortgages, indentures, leases, or
other binding instruments or binding commitments, whether written or oral, to which Company is a party or by which it or any of its assets,
products, technology, or properties are bound have been disclosed and delivered to Buyer. A material contract, agreement,
franchise, license agreement, debt instrument or commitment is one which is in effect as of the date of this Agreement and involves aggregate
obligations of at least $[15,000].

3.7.
Intellectual Property.

(a)
The term Intellectual Property means any and all of the following in any jurisdiction throughout the world: (i)
issued patents and patent applications; (ii) trademarks, service marks, trade names, and other similar indicia of source or origin, together
with the goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by, and all registrations, applications for registration, and renewals of,
any of the foregoing; (iii) copyrights, including all applications and registrations; (iv) trade secrets, know-how, inventions (whether
or not patentable), technology, and other confidential and proprietary information and all rights therein; (v) internet domain names
and social media accounts and pages; and (vi) other intellectual or industrial property and related proprietary rights, interests, and
protections.

(b)
Company owns or has the valid and enforceable right to use all Intellectual Property used or held for use in or necessary for the conduct
of its business as currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted (the Company Intellectual Property), free
and clear of all Liens. All of the Company Intellectual Property is valid and enforceable, and all Company IP Registrations are subsisting
and in full force and effect. Company has taken all reasonable and necessary steps to maintain and enforce the Company Intellectual Property
and its rights thereto.

(c)
The conduct of Companys business as currently and formerly conducted and as proposed to be conducted has not infringed, misappropriated,
or otherwise violated and will not infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property or other rights of any person.
No person has infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated any Company Intellectual Property.

3.8.
Insurance. Company has disclosed to Buyer all insurance policies maintained by Company or its Affiliates relating to the assets,
business, operations, employees, officers, and directors of Company (collectively, the Insurance Policies). Such
Insurance Policies: (a) are in full force and effect; (b) are valid and binding in accordance with their terms; (c) are provided by carriers
who are financially solvent; and (d) have not been subject to any lapse in coverage. Neither Company nor any of its Affiliates has received
any written notice of cancellation of, premium increase with respect to, or alteration of coverage under, any of such Insurance Policies.
All premiums due on such Insurance Policies have been paid. None of Company or any of its Affiliates is in default under, or has otherwise
failed to comply with, in any material respect, any provision contained in any Insurance Policy. The Insurance Policies are of the type
and in the amounts customarily carried by persons conducting a business similar to Company and are sufficient for compliance with all
applicable Laws and Contracts to which Company is a party or by which it is bound.

3.9.
Employee Benefit Matters. Company has not adopted any form of employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3)
of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended, and including the regulations thereunder, ERISA),
whether or not written and whether or not subject to ERISA.

3.10.
Employment Matters.

(a)
Company has disclosed to Buyer (i) all employees, independent contractors, and consultants of Company; and (ii) for each individual described
in clause (i), (A) the individuals title or position, hire date, and compensation, (B) any contracts entered into between Company
and such individual, and (C) the fringe benefits provided to each such individual. All compensation payable to all employees, independent
contractors, or consultants of Company for services performed on or prior to the Closing Date have been paid in full.

(b)
Company is and has been in compliance in all material respects with: (i) all applicable employment Laws and agreements regarding hiring,
employment, termination of employment, plant closings and mass layoffs, employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, and reasonable
accommodation, leaves of absence, terms and conditions of employment, wages and hours of work, employee classification, employee health
and safety, engagement and classification of independent contractors, payroll taxes, and immigration with respect to all employees, independent
contractors, and contingent workers; and (ii) all applicable Laws relating to the relations between it and any labor organization, trade
union, work council, or other body representing employees of the Company.

3.11.
Financial Statements. Complete copies of Companys unaudited financial statements consisting of the balance sheet of Company
as of December 31, 2024 and the related statements of income and retained earnings, stockholders equity and cash flow for the
year then ended, and as of March 31, 2025 (collectively, the Financial Statements). The Financial Statements have
been prepared in accordance with sound accounting practices and are based on the books and records of Company, which books and records
are complete and correct in all material respects and have been regularly kept and maintained. The Financial Statements fairly present
the financial condition of Company as of the respective dates they were prepared and the results of the operations of Company for the
periods indicated.

3.12.
Taxes.

(a)
On October 6, 2023, Company was formed as a Delaware corporation. The fiscal year for Company concludes on December 31st.
The term Taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign, and other income, gross receipts, sales, use, production,
ad valorem, transfer, franchise, registration, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment,
estimated, excise, severance, environmental, stamp, occupation, premium, property (real or personal), real property gains, windfall profits,
customs, duties, or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions, or penalties
with respect thereto.

(b)
Company has not been a member of an affiliated, combined, consolidated, or unitary Tax group for Tax purposes. Company has no Liability
for Taxes of any person (other than Company) under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any corresponding provision of state, local,
or foreign Law), as transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise.

(c)
There are no Liens for Taxes (other than for current Taxes not yet due and payable) upon the assets of Company.

(d)
Company is not a foreign person as that term is used in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-2. Company is not, and has
not been, a United States real property holding corporation (as defined in Section 897(c)(2) of the Code) during the applicable period
in Section 897(c)(1)(a) of the Code.

3.13.
Bank Accounts. Company has disclosed to Buyer, with respect to each account of Company with any bank, broker, merchant processor,
or other depository institution: (i) the name and account number of such account; (ii) the name and address of the institution where
such account is held; (iii) the name of any person(s) holding a power of attorney with respect to such account, if any; and (iv) the
names of all authorized signatories and other persons authorized to withdraw funds from each such account.

3.14.
Litigation. Except as disclosed in Section 3.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, there is no Legal Action pending or, to Companys
knowledge, threatened against or by Company or any Affiliate of Company: (i) relating to or affecting Company or any of Companys
properties or assets; or (ii) that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin, or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
No event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Legal Action.

3.15.
Real Property; Title to Assets. Except as disclosed in Section 3.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, Company does not own
any real property or have any leasehold (or subleasehold) interests in any real property.

3.16.
Brokers. No broker, investment banker or other person is entitled to any brokers, finders, or other similar fee
or commission in connection with the Exchange based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Company.

3.17.
Undisclosed Liabilities. Company has no liabilities, obligations, or commitments of any nature whatsoever, whether asserted, known,
absolute, accrued, matured, or otherwise (collectively, Liabilities), except: (a) those which are adequately reflected
or reserved against in the Financial Statements; and (b) those which have been incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice and which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material in amount.

3.18.
Disclosure. All disclosure provided to Buyer regarding Company and its business, furnished by or on behalf of Company in connection
with this Agreement (including Companys representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement) are true, complete and accurate
in all material respects. No statement herein contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

Except
as disclosed in the Buyer SEC Documents and that is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure to be applicable to the representation
and warranty set forth herein (other than any disclosures contained or referenced therein under the captions Risk Factors,
Forward-Looking Statements and any other disclosures contained or referenced therein of information, factors, or risks
that are predictive, cautionary, or forward-looking in nature), Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Company and the Sellers as follows:

4.1.
Organization; Standing and Corporate Power. Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease, and operate its assets
and to carry on its business as now conducted. Buyer is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign corporation and is in
good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of the assets and properties owned, leased, or operated by it or the nature of
its business makes such qualification or license necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or licensed or to be in good
standing, would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on Buyer, a material
adverse effect on the ability of Buyer to perform its obligations under this Agreement or on the ability of Buyer to consummate the Exchange.

4.2.
Authorization; Validity. Buyer has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement, as provided herein and to perform
all of its duties and obligations under this Agreement and this Agreement and no other action or consent on the part of Buyer, its board
of directors, stockholders, or any other person is necessary or required by Buyer to execute this Agreement, consummate the Exchange
contemplated herein and perform all of its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement will not, nor will the
observance or performance of any of the matters and things herein or therein set forth, violate or contravene any provision of law or
of the Buyer Charter and Buyer Bylaws, or other governing documents. All necessary and appropriate corporate action has been taken on
the part of Buyer to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement. This Agreement is a valid and binding agreement and contract
of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its respective terms, except to the extent that enforcement thereof may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws enacted for the relief of debtors generally and other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles which may affect the availability of specific
performance and other equitable remedies.

4.3.
Capital Structure; OTCQB.

(a)
The authorized capital stock of Buyer consists of (i) 200,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which 128,957,407
shares are issued and outstanding as of March 28, 2025; (ii) 10,000 shares of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value
per share of which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement; (iii) 5,000 shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which 1,950 shares are issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement; (iv)
500,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share, of which 98,666 shares are issued and outstanding
as of the date of this Agreement; and (v) 100,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which
3,334 shares are issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement. All of the outstanding capital stock of NGTF are validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, and have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws. The NGTF Common Stock is
currently quoted on the OTCQB marketplace operated by the OTC Markets Group under the trading symbol NGTF.

(b)
When issued, the Series C Preferred Stock will be duly authorized and, shall be duly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

4.4.
No Conflicts; Consents and Approvals. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the Exchange
contemplated hereby will not result in the breach of any term or provision of, constitute a default under, or terminate, accelerate or
modify the terms of, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party
or to which any of its assets, properties or operations are subject.

4.5.
Compliance With Laws. As of the date hereof, Buyer has been in material compliance with, all Laws applicable to Buyer. As of the
date hereof, no Governmental Entity has issued any notice or notification stating that Buyer or any of its subsidiaries is not in compliance
with any Law in any material respect.

4.6.
Litigation. There are no Legal Actions pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer threatened against Buyer, at law or in equity, before
any court or other governmental agency or instrumentality, or before any arbitrator of any kind. Buyer has no knowledge of any default
on its part with respect to any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule or regulation of any court, arbitrator, or governmental
agency or instrumentality.

4.7.
Brokers. No broker, investment banker or other person is or may be entitled to any brokers, finders, or other similar
fee or commission in connection with the Exchange based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer.

4.8.
Disclosure. All disclosure provided to Company regarding Buyer and its business, furnished by or on behalf of Buyer in connection
with this Agreement (including Buyers representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement) is complete and accurate in
all material respects. No statement herein contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS

5.1.
Management Performance-Based Equity Grants. At anytime during their employment with Buyer, Sellers shall be eligible to receive,
in accordance with their Pro Rata Portion, restricted stock awards based on the achievement by the Company of certain revenue-based and
EBITDA-based annual performance targets set forth in this Section 5.1, which shall be determined by Buyer, in its sole discretion,
as of each June 30 fiscal year end. The Revenue-Based Equity Grants and the EBITDA-Based Equity Grants are awards each to be issued once,
independent of each other, and cumulative, and shall be issued based on a 30-Day VWAP calculation.

(a)
Revenue-Based Equity Grants. Management shall be eligible to receive an aggregate amount of restricted stock equivalent
to $35,000,000, which shall be granted in accordance with the following Company Revenue Schedule (the awards thereunder,
collectively, the Revenue-Based Equity Grants):

Revenue Restricted
Stock Award 

$ 50,000,000 3.0 %

$ 100,000,000 3.5 %

$ 150,000,000 4.0 %

$ 200,000,000 4.5 %

$ 300,000,000 5.0 %

(b)
EBITDA-Based Equity Grants. Management shall be eligible to receive an aggregate amount of restricted stock equivalent
to $18,110,000, which shall be granted in accordance with the following Company EBITDA Schedule (the awards thereunder,
collectively, the EBITDA-Based Equity Grants):

EBITDA Restricted
Stock Award 

$ 1,000,000 2 %

$ 3,000,000 3 %

$ 5,000,000 4 %

$ 10,000,000 5 %

$ 20,000,000 6 %

$ 30,000,000 7 %

$ 50,000,000 8 %

$ 100,000,000 10 %

5.2.
Lock-Up. Each Seller shall not, during the Lock-up Period, (a) offer, pledge, hypothecate, assign, sell (including, without limitation,
any short sale whether or not against the box), contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract
to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of the Buyer
Exchange Shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for the Buyer Exchange Shares or any rights thereto
(including Buyer Common Stock or such other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Buyer Exchange Shares that
may be deemed to be beneficially owned by such Seller in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC) (collectively, the Restricted
Buyer Securities) or publicly disclose the intention to make any such offer, sale, pledge or disposition or (b) enter into
any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Buyer Exchange
Shares or such other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Buyer Exchange Shares, whether any such transaction
described in clause (a) or (b) above is to be settled by delivery of the Buyer Common Stock or such other securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for the Buyer Exchange Shares, in cash or otherwise; provided, that such Seller may transfer the
Restricted Buyer Securities to investors and creditors of such Seller so long as each transferee agrees to comply with the lock-up restrictions
of this Section 5.1 until the expiration of the Lock-up Period. Each Seller shall not, during the Lock-up Period, directly
or indirectly limit its right, title or interest or right to vote in any manner any of the Restricted Buyer Securities, or agree to do
any of the following: (i) grant any proxies or powers of attorney with respect to any of the Restricted Buyer Securities, deposit any
of the Restricted Buyer Securities into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or other similar commitment or arrangement with
respect to any of the Restricted Buyer Securities in contravention of the obligations of such Seller under this Agreement, (ii) permit
any Restricted Buyer Securities to be, or become subject to any liens or (iii) take any other action that would in any way restrict,
limit or interfere with the performance of such Sellers obligations hereunder or the Exchange contemplated by this Agreement.
In furtherance of the foregoing, Buyer and any duly appointed transfer agent for the transfer of the Restricted Buyer Securities are
hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of Restricted Buyer Securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach
of this Section 5.1. The term Lock-up Period means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending
six (6) months thereafter, unless earlier terminated by Buyer in its sole discretion.

5.3.
Seniority of Series B Preferred Stock. Such Seller acknowledges and agrees that the Series C Preferred Stock shall be junior in
preference and priority to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, assets or other rights.

5.4.
Further Assurances. Each of the Parties hereto shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, execute and deliver such
additional documents, instruments, conveyances, and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out
the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

ARTICLE
VI

INDEMNIFICATION

6.1.
Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties made herein shall survive the Closing and remain
in full force and effect until the first anniversary of the Closing Date, provided, that the representations and warranties in
Section 3.12 (Taxes) shall survive until the applicable statute of limitations.

6.2.
Indemnification by Sellers. Sellers, severally and not jointly, in accordance with their Pro Rata Portion, agree to indemnify
Buyer as of the date of execution of this Agreement against Loss, to which it or they may become subject arising out of or based on any
inaccuracy appearing in or misrepresentations made under Article II of this Agreement. The indemnification provided for in this paragraph
shall survive the Closing and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and termination of this Agreement for one year following
the Closing.

6.3.
Indemnification by Company. Company agrees to indemnify Buyer and each of the officers, directors and agents of Buyer as of the
date of execution of this Agreement against any loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense (including, but not limited to, any and all
expense whatsoever reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing, or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or
any claim whatsoever) (Loss), to which it or they may become subject arising out of or based on any inaccuracy appearing
in or misrepresentations made under Article III of this Agreement. The indemnification provided for in this paragraph shall survive the
Closing and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and termination of this Agreement for one year following the Closing.

6.4.
Indemnification by Buyer. Buyer agrees to indemnify Company and each of the officers, directors and agents of Company as of the
date of execution of this Agreement against any Loss, to which it or they may become subject arising out of or based on any inaccuracy
appearing in or misrepresentations made under Article IV of this Agreement. The indemnification provided for in this paragraph shall
survive the Closing and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and termination of this Agreement for one year following
the Closing.

ARTICLE
VII

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1.
Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been given (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee
if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by email of a PDF document (with confirmation
of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next Business Day if sent after normal business hours
of the recipient or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.
Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the addresses set forth on the signature page hereto (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 7.1).

7.2.
Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed
by each party hereto. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing
and signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach,
or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before
or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this Agreement
shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

7.3.
Governing Law. This Agreement, and all Legal Actions (whether based on contract, tort, or statute) arising out of, relating to,
or in connection with this Agreement or the actions of any of the parties hereto in the negotiation, administration, performance, or
enforcement hereof, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect
to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application
of Laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Nevada.

7.4.
Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule
or Law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so
long as the economic or legal substance of the Exchange is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon such determination
that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify
this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the
Exchange are fulfilled to the extent possible.

7.5.
Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which will be one and the same
agreement. This Agreement will become effective when each party to this Agreement will have received counterparts signed by all of the
other parties.

7.6.
Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, together with the Exhibits (a) constitutes the entire agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the Exchange and (b) are
not intended to confer upon any person other than the Parties any rights or remedies.

(Signature
pages follow.)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Share Exchange Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/
Lei Sonny Wang

Lei
Sonny Wang

Chief
Executive Officer

SKYTECH
AUTOMATED SOLUTIONS INC.

By: /s/
Philip David Garcia

Philip
David Garcia

Chief
Executive Officer

SELLERS:

By: /s/
Philip David Garcia

Philip
David Garcia

By: /s/
Jordan Ellis

Jordan
Ellis

By: /s/
Ruben Garcia

Ruben
Garcia

By: /s/
Robb Floco

Robb
Floco

By: /s/
Ried Floco

Ried
Floco

APPENDIX
A

DEFINITIONS

Affiliate
of a person shall mean any other person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such person; and (y) the term control (including the terms controlled by
and under common control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or other ownership interests, by contract,
or otherwise.

Buyer
Bylaws shall mean the Bylaws of Nightfood Holdings, Inc.

Buyer
Charter shall mean the Articles of Incorporation of Nightfood Holdings, Inc.

Buyer
Common Stock shall mean the shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of NGTF.

Buyer
Earnout Shares means, with respect to (i) the $5M Revenue Target or $10M Revenue Target, that number of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) $500,000 divided by the 30-Day VWAP by (y) 6000; (ii) the $25M Revenue Target that
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) $1,500,000 divided by the 30-Day VWAP by
(y) 6000; and (iii) $50M Revenue Target, that number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) $2,500,000 divided by the 30-Day VWAP by (y) 6000.

Buyer
Exchange Shares shall mean 10,000 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock.

Buyer
SEC Documents shall mean all registration statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements, and other documents (including
exhibits and schedules thereto and all other information incorporated by reference) required to be filed or furnished by Buyer with the
SEC.

Closing
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

Closing
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

Code
shall have the meaning the Recitals.

Company
Bylaws shall mean the Bylaws of Skytech Automated Solutions Inc., as amended to the date of this Agreement.

Company
Certificate of Incorporation shall mean the Certification of Incorporation of Skytech Automated Solutions Inc., as amended to the
date of this Agreement.

Company
Common Stock shall have the meaning the Recitals.

Company
Disclosure Schedules shall have the meaning set forth in ARTICLE III.

Company
Intellectual Property shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(b).

Company
IP Registrations shall mean all issued patents, registered trademarks, domain names and copyrights, and pending applications for
any of the foregoing and all material unregistered Intellectual Property that are owned by Skytech Automated Solutions Inc.

Company
Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

Company
EBITDA Schedule shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(b).

Company
Revenue Schedule shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a).

Earnout
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.2(a).

EBITDA-Based
Equity Grants shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(b).

ERISA
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

Exchange
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.

Governmental
Entity shall mean any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent jurisdiction, administrative agency or
commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign.

Insurance
Policies shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.8.

Intellectual
Property shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(a).

Law
shall mean any statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction, judgment, or decree.

Legal
Action shall mean any legal, administrative, arbitral, or other proceedings, suits, actions, investigations, examinations, claims,
audits, hearings, charges, complaints, indictments, litigations, examinations, or other similar legal proceedings by or pending before
any Governmental Entity, arbitrator, mediator, or other tribunal.

Liabilities
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.17.

Lien
shall mean any lien, security interest, pledge, equity and claim of any kind, voting trust, stockholder agreement and other encumbrance.

Lock-up
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.

Loss
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

OTC
shall have the meaning the Recitals.

Pro
Rata Portion means, as to any Seller, that certain percentage of ownership of Skytech Automated Solutions Inc., as set forth in Appendix
B attached hereto.

Restricted
Buyer Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.

Revenue-Based
Equity Grants shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a).

Revenue
Target, $5M Revenue Target, $10M Revenue Target, $25M Revenue Target, and 50M Revenue Target shall have
those meanings set forth in Section 1.2(a).

SEC
shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Series
C Preferred Stock means the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Nightfood Holdings, Inc.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Taxes
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.12(a).

30-day
VWAP means, for the thirty (30) consecutive trading days prior to and as of the Closing Date, the dollar volume-weighted average
price, rounded up to the nearest cent, for the Buyer Common Stock on the OTC during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time,
and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by the OTC Markets Group, Inc.

APPENDIX
B

PRO
RATA PORTION OF THE SELLERS

Skytech
Automated Solutions Inc. Nightfood
Holdings, Inc. 

Name of Stockholder 

No.
of Shares of

Common
Stock Percentage
Owned 

No.
of Shares of

Series
C Preferred Stock 

As-Converted

(into
Common Stock) 

Philip David Garcia 40 40 % 4,000 24,000,000 

Jordan Ellis 25 25 % 2,500 15,000,000 

Ruben Garcia 12.5 12.5 % 1,250 7,500,000 

Robb Floco 12.5 12.5 % 1,250 7,500,000 

Ried Floco 10 10 % 1,000 6,000,000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Nightfood
Acquires Skytech to Expand Leadership in AI-Driven Hotel Automation

Strategic
acquisition enhances Robotics-as-a-Service capabilities and accelerates market penetration across the hotel sector

TARRYTOWN,
NY April 1, 2025 via IBN Nightfood Holdings, Inc. (OTCQB: NGTF) (the Company), a leading
innovator in hospitality automation through robotics and strategic property acquisition, today announces the successful acquisition of
Skytech Automated Solutions, Inc., a recognized expert in artificial intelligence (AI)-driven service technologies for the hotel
industry.

This
transaction follows Nightfoods recent purchase of Carryout Supplies (S W C Group) and further reinforces the Companys
aggressive expansion strategy to solidify its position at the forefront of hospitality innovation.

Skytech
is best known for its Laundry Helper robot, which has been successfully deployed across a growing number of hotel properties. With a
proven track record in delivering scalable, AI-powered service automation, Skytechs technology and expertise align seamlessly
with Nightfoods integrated business model that combines hotel ownership with Robotics-as-a-Service (RaaS) solutions.

Closing
the Skytech acquisition represents a transformative leap forward for Nightfood, said Jamie Steigerwald, Chairman of Nightfood
Holdings. This strengthens our ability to scale automation across the hospitality industryaddressing key operational pain
points such as labor shortages and rising costs. Together with the Carryout Supplies acquisition, were building a powerful ecosystem
designed to lead the future of hotel automation.

With
Skytechs smart service technologies now part of the Nightfood platform, the Company can deliver end-to-end automation, from behind-the-scenes
robotics like laundry and cleaning to guest-facing solutions that enhance customer experience and operational efficiency.

These
combined capabilities are expected to:

Accelerate
market penetration

Drive
operational efficiencies across hospitality clients

Expand
recurring revenue from third-party RaaS clients

Watch
for an interview on the Next Big Story YouTube channel (coming soon), where Skytechs Executive Chair, Ried Floco,
will join host Kyle Livingston. In the interview, Floco will discuss Nightfoods acquisition of Skytech, as well as the combined
synergies of both companies to deliver AI-driven RaaS solutions to the future of hospitality.

Nightfood
remains committed to disciplined, strategic expansion, continually evaluating opportunities to strengthen its competitive edge and deliver
long-term value to shareholders.

About
Skytech Automated Solutions, Inc.

Skytech
Automated Solutions is a California-based provider of AI-driven robotics and automation technologies for the hospitality industry. Best
known for its Laundry Helper robot, Skytech delivers scalable solutions that streamline hotel operations, reduce labor costs, and improve
service quality. The company offers a full suite of service robotsranging from delivery to cleaningsupported by advanced
IoT and fleet management systems. Skytechs mission is to empower hospitality operators with intelligent automation that enhances
operational efficiency and elevates the guest experience.

To
learn more, visit skytechrobots.com.

About
Nightfood Holdings, Inc. (OTCQB: NGTF)

Nightfood
Holdings, Inc. is revolutionizing the hospitality industry by combining AI-powered robotics with strategic hotel acquisitions. The Companys
innovative approach uses advanced automation technology to significantly improve hotel efficiency, reduce operating costs, and address
labor challenges. With its dual focus on owning hotel properties and offering Robotics-as-a-Service (RaaS), NGTF is strategically positioned
to capitalize on the rapidly growing global service robotics market, which is expected to surpass $170 billion by 2030. This integrated
business model provides scalable revenue streams and positions NGTF as a leader in hospitality automation.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and Nightfood Holdings expected performance. These statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Investors are encouraged to review
the Companys SEC filings for additional information.

For
more information on Nightfood Holdings, Inc. (OTCQB: NGTF), please visit www.nightfoodholdings.com.

Investor
& Media Contacts

Investor
Relations Contact:

Nightfood
Holdings, Inc.

Email:
ir@nightfoodholdings.com

Media
Relations Contact:

Email:
media@nightfoodholdings.com

Phone:
(866) 261-7778

Corporate
Communications:

IBN

Austin,
Texas

www.InvestorBrandNetwork.com

512.354.7000
Office

Editor@InvestorBrandNetwork.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ngtf-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ngtf-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ngtf-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 000-55406

Entity Registrant Name NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001593001

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-3885019

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 520
White Plains Road - Suite 500

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Tarrytown

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10591

City Area Code (866)

Local Phone Number 291-7778

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nightfoodholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
ngtf-20250331.xsd 
ngtf-20250331_lab.xml 
ngtf-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002385-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001593001 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001593001 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 
NV 
000-55406 
46-3885019 
520 White Plains Road - Suite 500 
Suite 500 
Tarrytown 
NY 
10591 
(866) 
291-7778 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>