<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-030645.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-030645.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401171824
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-030645
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ScanTech AI Systems Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001994624
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				933502562
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42463
		FILM NUMBER:		25800919

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICA, SUITE 5100
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8886221218

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICA, SUITE 5100
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511007d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000199462400019946242025-03-262025-03-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): April 1, 2025 (March 26,
2025)

ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42463 93-3502562

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1735 Enterprise Drive

Buford, Georgia 30518

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

+1 (470)655-0886

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading 

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share STAI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Order Approving Settlement Agreement

On March 26, 2025, Silverback Capital Corporation
(Silverback) obtained a court order from the Circuit Court of the Twelfth Judicial Circuit in and for Manatee County, Florida,
granting approval of a settlement agreement and stipulation entered into by and between Silverback and ScanTech AI Systems Inc. (the
Company).

The foregoing is a summary of the court order
and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the court order that is attached hereto and incorporated herein as
Exhibit 10.1.

Settlement Agreement

Previously, on March 20, 2025, Silverback and the Company agreed that
Silverback would purchase and settle an amount of up to $8,230,977.25 of debt owed to the Companys creditors at the discretion
of the parties and there is no assurance that the entire settlement amount will be repaid to creditors. Under the terms of the Settlement
Agreement and Stipulation (Settlement Agreement) discussed below, Silverback agreed to purchase bona fide, outstanding,
and unpaid creditor claims in exchange for shares of the Companys common stock in a state court-approved transaction, in compliance
with the terms of Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Settlement Agreement was approved by the state court
after a fairness hearing pursuant to the requirements of Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on March 26, 2025.

If satisfied in full, pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company
shall reduce its debt obligations in exchange for the issuance of shares. The shares may be issued in one or more offerings pursuant to
the terms of Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Settlement Agreement allows Silverback to purchase debt owed
to the Company's creditors through direct purchases and convert such debt into shares of the Companys common stock at a fixed purchase
price of $1.50 per share.

The Settlement Agreement contains a condition that Silverback will
not be allowed to hold more than 9.99% of the Companys issued and outstanding common stock at any time. Pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement, for the liabilities purchased by Silverback, the Company may issue shares of its common stock to Silverback pursuant to an
exemption from registration afforded by Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933. No relationship exists between the Company and
Silverback other than through the agreement discussed herein.

The foregoing is a summary of the Settlement Agreement and are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Settlement Agreement that is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit
10.2.

Seaport Bridge Loan Amendment

On March 31, 2025, the Company and ScanTech Identification Beam Systems,
LLC entered into an Amendment to Seaport Bridge Loans (the Seaport Bridge Loan Amendment) with Seaport Group SIBS LLC (Seaport)
and Seaport to terminate a credit facility in the amount of $2,250,000 and several loans with the Company that provided funding in connection
with the Ontario Power Generation order in the amount of $2,600,000, among which the Company expects to retain approximately $1,200,000
in cash from accounts receivable rather than using it to pay off the loan to Seaport. In exchange, the Company agreed to issue: i) 2,250,000
shares of Common Stock for terminating the prior facility agreement, ii) 2,600,000 shares of Common Stock for terminating the debt agreement
related to the Ontario Power Generation order, and iii) 500,000 shares of Common Stock as compensation to the transaction. The shares
under the Seaport Bridge Loan Amendment will not be registered until the Company files a registration statement for the resale of the
securities, and Seaport will be subject to a six-month lock-up after the closing of the business combination.

The foregoing is a summary of the Seaport Bridge
Loan Amendment and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Seaport Bridge Loan Amendment that is attached
hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit 10.3.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

Although the debt will be exchanged for shares
of common stock in tranches, it is foreseeable that the total number of securities issued in the 3(a)(10) transaction will exceed
5% of the current outstanding securities. The Company and Silverback executed the Settlement Agreement in accordance with and in reliance
upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter alia, by section 3(a)(10) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Silverback understands that the Securities are being offered for exchange in reliance on specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth
and accuracy of, and Silverbacks compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of Silverback set forth in the Settlement Agreement in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of Silverback
to acquire the Securities.

The share issuance related to the Seaport Bridge
Loan Amendment was made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
as the transaction did not involve a public offering of securities.

See the disclosures under Item 1.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K, incorporated herein by this reference.

Item 9.01. Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Order Approving Settlement Agreement

10.2 Settlement Agreement

10.3 Seaport Bridge Loan Amendment

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 1, 2025 ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

By: /s/ Dolan Falconer

Name: Dolan Falconer

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511007d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE TWELFTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT

IN AND FOR MANATEE COUNTY, FLORIDA

Silverback Capital Corporation,

a Delaware Corporation,

Plaintiff, 

v. Case No. 2025 CA 000533

ScanTech AI Systems,Inc.,

a Delaware Corporation,

Defendant. 

/ 

ORDER GRANTING APPROVAL OF

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND STIPULATION

This matter having come on
for a hearing on the 26th day of March, 2025, to approve the Settlement Agreement entered into as of March 20, 2025 between Plaintiff,
Silverback Capital Corporation ("Plaintiff') and Defendant, ScanTech AI Systems, Inc. ("Defendant" and collectively with
Plaintiff, the "Parties"), and the Court having held a hearing as to the fairness of the terms and conditions of the Settlement
Agreement and Stipulation and being otherwise fully advised in the premises, the Court hereby finds as follows:

1.The
Court has been advised that the Parties intend that the sale of the Shares (as defined by the Settlement Agreement and, hereinafter,
the "Shares") to and the resale of the Shares by Plaintiff in the United States, assuming satisfaction of all other
applicable securities laws and regulations, will be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities
Act") in reliance upon Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act based upon this Court's finding herein that the terms and
conditions of the issuance of the Shares by Defendant to Plaintiff are fair to Plaintiff;

2.The hearing having been scheduled upon the consent of Plaintiff and Defendant, Plaintiff has had adequate notice of the hearing
and Plaintiff is the only party to whom Shares will be issued pursuant to the Settlement Agreement;

3.The terms and conditions of the issuance of the Shares in exchange for the release of certain claims as set forth in the Settlement
Agreement are fair to Plaintiff, the only party to whom the Shares will be issued;

4.The fairness hearing was open to Plaintiff. Plaintiff was represented by counsel at the hearing who acknowledged that adequate
notice of the hearing was given and consented to the entry of this Order.

It is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED
that the Settlement Agreement and Stipulation is hereby approved as fair to the party to whom the Shares will be issued, within the meaning
of Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act and that the sale of the Shares to Plaintiff and the resale of the Shares in the United States
by Plaintiff, assuming satisfaction of all other applicable securities laws and regulations, will be exempt from registration under the
Securities Act of 1933. The Settlement Agreement and Stipulation entered into between the parties is hereby approved and the parties are
ordered to comply with same. The Circuit Court of the Twelfth Judicial Circuit in and for Manatee County, Florida reserves jurisdiction
over the parties to this action as well as the subject matter herein for purposes of contempt and enforcement of the Settlement Agreement
and Stipulation as well as for such other purposes as allowed by law.

SO ORDERED, this 26th day of March,
2025.

The Honorable Edward Nicholas 

Conformed copies to:

Charles N. Cleland, Jr., Esq.

David A. Altier, Esq.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511007d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND STIPULATION

THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
and STIPULATION is dated as of March 20, 2025 (the Settlement Date) by and between ScanTech AI Systems Inc. (STAI
or the Company), a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware, and Silverback Capital Corporation, (SCC),
a Delaware Corporation.

BACKGROUND:

WHEREAS, there are bona fide
outstanding liabilities of the Company in the principal amount of not less than $8,230,977.25 and

WHEREAS, these liabilities are in default or past due; and

WHEREAS, SCC acquired such
liabilities on the terms and conditions set forth in the annexed Claim Purchase Agreement(s), subject however to the agreement of the
Company and compliance with the provisions hereof; and

WHEREAS, STAI and SCC desire
to resolve, settle, and compromise among other things the liabilities as more particularly set forth on Schedule A and the Claims Purchase
Agreements and debt instruments attached and annexed thereto and incorporated herein (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Claims).

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Defined Terms.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such meanings to be equally applicable
to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

"AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning specified in
the preamble hereof.

CLAIM AMOUNT shall mean $8,230,977.25 (Subject
to any applicable discounts pursuant to the annexed Claims Purchase Agreements).

"COMMON STOCK"
shall mean the Company's common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and any shares of any other class of common stock whether now or hereafter
authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as and when declared) and assets (upon liquidation of the
Company).

COURT shall mean Circuit Courts within the
Twelfth Judicial Circuit of Florida.

DRS shall have the meaning specified in Section
3b.

"DTC" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3b.

"DWAC" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3b.

"FAST" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3b.

SALE PRICE shall mean the Sale Price of the
Common Stock on the Principal Market.

"PRINCIPAL MARKET"
shall mean the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, CBOE, OTC Markets, OTC Pink, the Over the Counter Bulletin Board, QB
marketplace, the American Stock Exchange or the New York Stock Exchange, whichever is at the time the principal trading exchange or market
for the Common Stock.

"PURCHASE PRICE" shall mean $1.50.

SELLER shall
mean any individual or entity listed on Schedule A, who originally owned the Claims.

"TRADING DAY" shall
mean any day during which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

"TRANSFER AGENT" shall mean the transfer agent
for the Common Stock (and to any substitute or replacement transfer agent for the Common Stock upon the Company's appointment of any such
substitute or replacement transfer agent).

2. Fairness
Hearing. Upon the execution hereof, Company and SCC agree, pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act),
to expeditiously submit the terms and conditions of this Agreement to the Court for a hearing on the fairness of such terms and conditions,
and the issuance exempt from registration of the Settlement Shares. This Agreement shall become binding upon the parties only upon entry
of an order by the Court substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Order).

3. Settlement
Shares. Following entry of an Order by the Court in accordance with Paragraph 2 herein and the execution by SCC and Company of the
Stipulation and Order of Dismissal (as defined below) subject to paragraph 7 herein, Company shall issue and deliver to SCC shares of
its Common Stock (the Settlement Shares) as follows:

a. In
settlement of the Claims, Company shall initially issue and deliver to SCC, in one or more tranches as necessary subject to paragraph
3(d) and (e) herein, shares of Common Stock (the Initial Issuance), subject to adjustment and ownership limitations as set
forth below, sufficient to satisfy the compromised amount (the total amount of the claims divided by the Purchase Price) through the issuance
of freely trading securities issued pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (the Settlement Shares). The Company
shall also issue to SCC, on the issuance date(s), thirty-three thousand (33,000) freely trading shares pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) of
the Securities Act in accordance herewith as a Settlement Fee (the Settlement Fee Shares).

b. No
later than the first business day following the date that the Court enters the Order, time being of the essence, Company shall: (i) transmit
via email, facsimile and overnight delivery an irrevocable and unconditional instruction to Companys stock transfer agent in the
form annexed hereto as Exhibit B; and (ii) issue and deliver to SCC Settlement Shares and Settlement Fee Shares in one or more tranches
as necessary, as Direct Registration Systems (DRS) shares to SCCs account with the Depository Transfer Company (DTC) or through
the Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) program of DTCs Deposit/Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC) system, without any legends
or restrictions on transfer, sufficient to satisfy the compromised amount, through the issuance of freely trading securities issued pursuant
to Section 3(a)10 of the Securities Act. Pursuant to this agreement, SCC may deliver a request to STAI either directly or through Companys
Transfer Agent pursuant to Exhibit B which states the dollar amount (designated in U.S. dollars) of Common Stock to be issued
to SCC (the Share Request or Conversion Notice). The date upon which the first tranche of the Initial Issuance
shares along with any Shares issued as a Settlement Fee have been received into SCCs account and are available for sale by SCC
shall be referred to as the Issuance Date. Additionally, the Company shall be fully responsible for all of the Transfer
Agents costs for each and every conversion of the Settlement Shares pursuant to this section which shall be promptly paid upon
request by said Transfer Agent of STAI. The Company further irrevocably and unconditionally authorizes the Companys Transfer Agent
to provide SCC with the Companys current Share Structure, including, but not limited to the Companys current Issued and
Outstanding shares at any time upon the request of SCC to the Companys Transfer Agent.

c. The
Company shall deliver to SCC, through the Initial Issuance and any required Additional Issuance subject to paragraph 3(d) and (e) herein
that number of shares (the Final Amount) with an aggregate value equal to (A) the sum of the Claim Amount, divided by (B)
the Purchase Price. The parties acknowledge that the number of Settlement Shares along with any Settlement Fee Shares to be issued pursuant
to this Agreement is indeterminable as of the date of its execution, and could well exceed the current existing number of shares outstanding
as of the date of its execution. The issuance of such shares shall be subject to the mutual agreement of the parties.

d. At
the end of the Settlement, if the sum of the Initial Issuance and any Additional Issuance is greater than the Final Amount, SCC shall
promptly deliver any remaining shares to Company or its transfer agent for cancellation.

e. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, it is the intention of the parties that the Settlement Shares along with Settlement Fee Shares
beneficially owned by SCC at any given time shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of
Company then beneficially owned by SCC, or deemed beneficially owned by SCC, would result in SCC owning more than 9.99% of all of such
Common Stock as would be outstanding on such date, as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder. In compliance therewith, the Company agrees to deliver the Initial Issuance and any Additional Issuances in one
or more tranches.

f. For
the avoidance of doubt, the price used to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered pursuant to any Share Request
shall be rounded up to the nearest decimal place of .00001.

4. 
Necessary Action. At all times after the execution of this Agreement and entry of the Order by the Court, each party hereto agrees
to take or cause to be taken all such necessary action including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of such further instruments
and documents, as may be reasonably requested by any party for such purposes or otherwise necessary to effect and complete the transactions
contemplated hereby.

5. Releases. Upon
receipt of all of the Settlement Shares and Settlement Fee Shares for and in consideration of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, and except for the obligations, representations, indemnifications pursuant to paragraph 16 herein and covenants arising
or made hereunder or a breach hereof, the parties hereby release, acquit and forever discharge the other and each, every and all of
their current and past officers, directors, shareholders, affiliated corporations, subsidiaries, agents, employees, representatives,
attorneys, predecessors, successors and assigns (the Released Parties), of and from any and all claims, damages, cause
of action, suits and costs, of whatever nature, character or description, whether known or unknown, anticipated or unanticipated,
which the parties may now have or may hereafter have or claim to have against each other with respect to the Claims. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to negate or affect SCCs right and title to any securities heretofore issued to it by
Company or any subsidiary of Company.

6. Representations.
Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to SCC as follows:

a. 
There are Five Hundred Million (500,000,000) Shares of Common Stock of the Company authorized as of January 2, 2025, of which approximately
Twenty-Four Million Four Hundred Eighty-Four Thousand Six Hundred and Forty-Two (24,484,642) Shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding
as of February 20, 2025; and Four Hundred Seventy-Five Million Five Hundred Fifteen Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty-Eight (475,515,358)
Shares of Common Stock are available for issuance pursuant hereto;

b. The
shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Order are duly authorized, and when issued will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities;

c. 
The shares will be exempt from registration under the Securities Act and issuable without any restrictive legend;

d. 
The Company shall initially reserve from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to one times
the greater of the number of shares that could be issued pursuant to the terms of the Order and that Company shall initially reserve at
its transfer agent, at a minimum, Five Million Five Hundred Thousand (5,500,000) shares during the Settlement in order to ensure that
it can properly carry out the terms of this agreement, which may only be released to Company once all of the Settlement Shares and Settlement
Fee Shares have been delivered and converted pursuant to this agreement and Companys obligations are otherwise fully satisfied
or there has otherwise been a default pursuant to the terms of this agreement; of this reserve amount, SCC plans on converting this Settlement
into that number of shares and in many instances more shares, should the price go down. In the event that Company effectuates a reverse
split of Companys Common Stock while any obligations are owed to SCC pursuant to this Agreement by Company, then the reserve shares
shall be proportionately adjusted;

e. 
If at any time it appears reasonably likely that there may be insufficient authorized shares and/or reserve shares to fully comply with
the Order, Company shall promptly increase its authorized shares and/or reserve shares to ensure its ability to timely comply with the
Order;

f. As
of the date of this agreement the execution of this Agreement and performance of the Order by Company and SCC will not (1) conflict with,
violate or cause a breach or default under any agreements between Company and any creditor (or any affiliate thereof) related to the account
receivables comprising the Claims, or (2) require any waiver, consent, or other action of the Company or any creditor, or their respective
affiliates, that has not already been obtained;

g. Without
limitation, the Company hereby waives any provision in any agreement related to the account receivables comprising the Claims requiring
payments to be applied in a certain order, manner, or fashion, or providing for exclusive jurisdiction in any court other than this Court;

h. The
Company has all necessary power and authority to execute, deliver and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement;

i. The
Company has corporate Shareholders delegations in place with sufficient authorized capital or shall arrange a Shareholders
meeting to satisfy the legal and regulatory requirements in connection with this transaction;

j. The
corporate issuance shall be made without preferential subscription rights of the existing Shareholders or holders of Securities
granting access to the Companys capital;

k. This
Settlement Agreement and Stipulation shall be subject to all required corporate authorizations by the Company;

l. The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company has been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Company
and its Board of Directors (including a majority of its independent directors), and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by Company;

m. Company
did not enter into the transaction giving rise to the Claims in contemplation of any sale or distribution of Companys common stock
or other securities;

n. There
has been no modification, compromise, forbearance, or waiver entered into or given with respect to the Claims. There is no action based
on the Claims that is currently pending in any court or other legal venue, and no judgments based upon the Claims have been previously
entered in any legal proceeding with the exceptions as contained in the Claim Purchase Agreements;

o. There
are no taxes due, payable or withholdable as an incident of Sellers provision of goods and services, and no taxes will be due,
payable or withholdable as a result of settlement of the Claims;

p. Unless
otherwise represented by Seller in their respective Claim Purchase Agreement to the contrary, Seller was not and within the past ninety
(90) days has not been directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries in control, controlled by, or under common control with,
the Company and is not an affiliate of the Company as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act;

q. Company
is operational and is a non-shell company within the meaning of Rule 405 and all applicable Securities Rules and Registration pertaining
thereto;

r. Company
represents that Seller is not, directly or indirectly, utilizing any of the proceeds received from SCC for selling the Claims to provide
any consideration to or invest in any manner in the Company or any affiliate of the Company;

s. Company
has not received any notice (oral or written) from the SEC or Principal Market regarding a halt, limitation or suspension of trading in
the Common Stock; and

t. Seller
will not, directly or indirectly, receive any consideration from or be compensated in any manner by, the Company, or any affiliate of
the Company, in exchange for or in consideration of selling the Claims;

u. Company
represents that each Claim being purchased pursuant hereto is a bona-fide Claim against the Company and that the invoices or written contract(s)/promissory
notes underlying each Claim are accurate representations of the nature of the debt and the amounts owed by the Company to Seller and that
the goods or services which are the subject of the Claims being purchased have been received or rendered;

v. Company
acknowledges that SCC or its affiliates may from time to time, hold outstanding securities of the Company which may be convertible in
shares of the Companys common stock at a floating conversion rate tied to the current market price for the stock. The number of
shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement may increase substantially in certain circumstances, including, but not necessarily
limited to the circumstance wherein the trading price of the Common Stock declines during the Settlement. The Companys executive
officers and directors have studied and fully understand the nature of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement and recognize that
they have a potential dilutive effect. The board of directors of the Company has concluded in its good faith business judgment that such
transaction is in the best interests of the Company. The Company specifically acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Settlement
Shares and Settlement Fee Shares is binding upon the Company and enforceable regardless of the dilution such issuance may have on the
ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company has further given its consent for each
conversion of shares of stock pursuant to this agreement and agrees and consents that same may occur below the par value of the Companys
Common Stock if applicable.

w. None
of the transactions agreements or proceedings described above is part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and STAI and SCC are acting and has acted in an arms length capacity.

7. 
Continuing Jurisdiction. Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, the attorneys representing the parties hereto will
execute a stipulation of dismissal substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit C (the Stipulation of Dismissal).
The parties hereto expressly agree that said Stipulation of Dismissal shall not be filed, but shall be held in escrow by counsel for
SCC, until such time that Company has fully complied with all of its obligations pursuant to this Settlement Agreement and Stipulation.
In order to enable the Court to grant specific enforcement or other equitable relief in connection with this Agreement, (a) the parties
consent to the jurisdiction of the Court for purposes of enforcing this Agreement, and (b) each party to this Agreement expressly waives
any contention that there is an adequate remedy at law or any like doctrine that might otherwise preclude injunctive relief to enforce
this Agreement.

8. Conditions
Precedent/ Default. 

a. If
Company shall default in promptly delivering the Settlement Shares or Settlement Fee Shares to SCC in the form and mode of delivery as
required by Paragraphs 2, 3, 4 and 6 herein or otherwise fail in any way to fully comply with the provisions thereof;

b. If
the Order shall not have been entered by the Court on or prior to ninety (90) days after execution of this agreement;

c. If
the Company shall fail to comply with the Covenants set forth in Paragraph 15 hereof;

d. If
Bankruptcy, dissolution, receivership, reorganization, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors or other legal proceedings for any reason shall be instituted by or against the Company;
or if the trading of the Common Stock shall have been halted, limited, or suspended by the SEC or on the Principal Market; or trading
in securities generally on the Principal Market shall have been suspended or limited; or, minimum prices shall have been established for
securities traded on the Principal Market, or SCCs selling broker, or eligible for delivery via DTC or DWAC; or any portion of
the Common Stock is for any reason not eligible or unable to be deposited and/or cleared through SCCs broker, brokerage account
and/or clearing agent for trade without restriction on the Principal Market pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement; or the Common
Stock is no longer eligible for book transfer delivery via DWAC; or the Company is delinquent or has not made its required Securities
and Exchange Commission filings or disclosures in whole or in part; or if any time, the Sale Price for the Companys Common Stock
drops to at or below $1.70 (which price shall be proportionately adjusted in the event of a reverse split); or if at any time, the thirty
(30) day average volume of the trading of the Companys Common Stock drops to at or below One Million (1,000,000) shares per day;
or there shall have been any material adverse change (i) in the Companys finances or operations, or (ii) in the financial markets
such that, in the reasonable judgment of SCC, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to trade the Settlement Shares along with any Settlement
Fee Shares; and such suspension, limitation or other action is not cured within three (3) trading days; then the Company shall be deemed
in default of the Agreement and Order and this Agreement and/or any remaining obligations, in whole or in part, of SCC pursuant to this
Agreement shall be voidable in the sole discretion of SCC, unless otherwise agreed by written agreement of the parties;

e. In
the event that the Company fails to fully comply with the conditions precedent as specified in paragraph 8 a. through d. herein, or the
Conditions Precedent are not fully met or satisfied then the Company shall be deemed in default of the agreement and SCC, at its option
and in its sole discretion, may declare Company to be in default of the Agreement and Order in whole or in part, and this Agreement and/or
any remaining obligations of SCC, in whole or in part pursuant to this Agreement shall be voidable in the sole discretion of SCC, unless
otherwise agreed by written agreement of the parties. In said event, SCC shall have no further obligation to comply with the terms of
this agreement and can thus opt out of making any remaining payments, in whole or in part, if applicable, not previously made to creditors
as contemplated by the Claims Purchase Agreements as referenced in schedule A. In the event Company is declared to be in default in whole
or in part, Company shall remain fully obligated to comply with the terms of this Settlement Agreement and Stipulation for issuance of
shares of stock to SCC for any amount of debt previously purchased and paid for by SCC pursuant to the terms of this Settlement Agreement
and Stipulation, Schedule A, as well as Order Approving same along with all Settlement fees required hereby and any amount of debt subsequently
purchased and paid for by SCC in the event of a partial default. In SCCs sole discretion, SCC may declare a partial default pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement, including, but not limited to Companys full compliance and satisfaction of its obligations and
Conditions Precedent herein as it relates to Purchase of the Claims as more particularly set forth on Schedule A and the Claims Purchase
Agreements and debt instruments attached and annexed thereto and incorporated herein (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Claims).
In the event that a partial default is declared, then the remaining obligations of SCC and Company pursuant to this Agreement, shall remain
in full force and effect unless otherwise defaulted. In the event that Company is declared to be in default of this Agreement prior to
successful deposit and clearance of the Settlement Shares and/or Settlement Fee shares, Company shall further remain fully obligated for
issuance of all Settlement Fee shares pursuant to paragraph 3(a) herein.

9. 
Amended Purchase Price. If any of the equity conditions set forth below are met, the Purchase Price for each tranche may be adjusted
to a market-aligned pricing model mutually agreed upon by the Company and SCC (the "Amended Purchase Price"). The Amended Purchase
Price shall not be structured as a variable rate transaction

Equity Conditions:

a. The stock price closes below
$1.70.

b. The 30-day average trading
volume drops below 1,000,000 share

10. 
Information. Company and SCC each represent that prior to the execution of this Agreement, they have fully informed themselves
of its terms, contents, conditions and effects, and that no promise or representation of any kind has been made to them except as expressly
stated in this Agreement.

11. 
Ownership and Authority. Company and SCC represent and warrant that they have not sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed or otherwise
disposed of any or all of any claim, demand, right, or cause of action, relating to any matter which is covered by this Agreement, that
each is the sole owner of such claim, demand, right or cause of action, and each has the power and authority and has been duly authorized
to enter into and perform this Agreement and that this Agreement is the binding obligation of each, enforceable in accordance with its
terms.

12. 
No Admission. This Agreement is contractual and it has been entered into in order to compromise disputed claims and to avoid the
uncertainty and expense of the litigation. This Agreement and each of its provisions and any orders of the Court relating to it shall
not be offered or received in evidence in any action, proceeding or otherwise used as an admission or concession as to the merits of the
Action or the liability of any nature on the part of any of the parties hereto except to enforce its terms.

13. 
Binding Nature. This Agreement shall be binding on all parties executing this Agreement and their respective successors, assigns
and heirs.

14. 
Authority to Bind. Each party to this Agreement represents and warrants that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions provided in this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action of the respective
entity and that the person executing this Agreement on its behalf has the full capacity to bind that entity. Each party further represents
and warrants that it has been represented by independent counsel of its choice in connection with the negotiation and execution of this
Agreement, and that counsel has reviewed this Agreement. Company further represents and warrants that they have had corporate legal counsel
review and agree to the terms of this Agreement independent of counsel of their choosing to represent Company at any fairness hearing
or hearings to approve this Agreement.

15. Covenants.

a. For
so long as SCC or any of its affiliates holds any shares of Common Stock, neither Company nor any of its affiliates shall vote any shares
of Common Stock owned or controlled by it, or solicit any proxies or seek to advise or influence any person with respect to any voting
securities of Company; in favor of (1) an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a reorganization, reverse stock split or liquidation,
involving Company or any of its subsidiaries, (2) a sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of Company or any of its subsidiaries,
(3) any material change in the present capitalization or dividend policy of Company, (4) any other material change in Companys
business or corporate structure, (5) a change in Companys charter, bylaws or instruments corresponding thereto (6) causing a class
of securities of Defendant to be delisted from a national securities exchange or to cease to be authorized to be quoted in an inter-dealer
quotation system of a registered national securities association, (7) causing a class of equity securities of Company to become eligible
for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (8) terminating its Transfer
Agent (9) taking any action which would impede the purposes and objects of this Settlement Agreement or (10) effectuating or taking any
action, intention, plan or arrangement similar to any of those enumerated above. The provisions of this paragraph may not be modified
or waived without further order of the Court.

b. Immediately
upon the signing of the Settlement Order by the Court, the Company shall cause to be filed a Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange
Commission disclosing the settlement or Press Release as applicable. The Company shall further immediately file such additional SEC filings
as may be or are required in respect of the transactions.

c. 
SCC hereby covenants that they have not provided any funds or other consideration to the Company and have no intent to do so. In no event
shall any of the funds received from the sale of shares of the Company in reliance upon the Court Order be used to provide any consideration
to the Company or any affiliate of the Company.

16. Indemnification.
Company covenants and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold SCC and its agents, employees, representatives, officers, directors, stockholders,
controlling persons and affiliates harmless arising from or incident or related to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any
claim or action brought derivatively or by the Seller or Shareholders of the Company and further, harmless against any charges, claims,
suits, losses, expenses, damages, obligations, fines, judgments, liabilities, costs and expenses (including actual costs of investigation
and reasonable attorneys fees) whether brought by an individual or entity or imposed by a court of law or by administrative action
of any Federal, State or Local governmental body or agency, administrative agency or regulatory authority related to arising in any manner
out of, based upon or in connection with (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact made by the Company or
any omission or alleged omission of the Company to state a material fact required to be stated herein or in any seller document or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading or (b) the inaccuracy or breach of any covenant, representation or warranty made by the
Company contained herein or in any seller document or (c) any transaction, proposal or any other matter contemplated herein. The Company
will promptly reimburse the indemnified parties for all expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) as incurred
in connection with the investigation of, preparation for or defense of any pending or threatened claim related to or arising in any manner
out of any matter contemplated by this Agreement, or any action or proceeding arising therefrom, whether or not such indemnified party
is a formal party to any such proceeding. This Agreement specifically includes, but is not limited to the foregoing concerning any claim
that SCC is in violation of or has violated Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for unlawful or unauthorized sale of
securities based upon SCCs reliance on representations of Company or misrepresentations of Company pursuant to (a), (b) or (c)
herein and/or that any payments made by SCC to Creditors were fraudulent, based upon false instruments provided to SCC or not bona fide
claims within the meaning of Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be
liable in respect of any claims that a court of competent jurisdiction has judicially determined by final judgment (and the time to appeal
has expired or the last right of appeal of has been denied) which resulted solely or in part from the willful misconduct of an indemnified
party or the willful violation of any securities law or regulations by the indemnified party. The Company further agrees that it will
not, without the prior written consent of SCC, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened
proceeding in respect of which indemnification may be sought hereunder (whether or not SCC or any indemnified party is an actual or potential
party to such proceeding), unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of SCC and each other indemnified
party hereunder from all liability arising out of such proceeding. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in any case
in which (i) an Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Indemnification Agreement but it is judicially determined
by the entry of a final judgment decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and (the time to appeal has expired or the last right of
appeal has been denied) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case, or (ii) contribution may be required by the Company
in circumstances for which an Indemnified Party is otherwise entitled to indemnification under the Agreement, then, and in each such case,
the Company shall contribute to the aggregate losses, Claims and damages and/or liabilities in an amount equal to the amount for which
indemnification was held unavailable.

The Company further agrees
that no Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or
in connection with SCCs agreement hereunder except for Claims that a court of competent jurisdiction shall have determined by final
judgment (and the time to appeal has expired or the last right of appeal has been denied) resulted solely or in part from the willful
misconduct of such Indemnified Party or the willful violation of any securities laws or regulations by an Indemnified Party. The indemnity,
reimbursement and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may
otherwise have an shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the
Company or an Indemnified Party.

17. 
Legal Effect. The parties to this Agreement represent that each of them has been advised as to the terms and legal effect of this
Agreement and the Order provided for herein, and that the settlement and compromise stated herein is final and conclusive forthwith, shall
supersede all prior written or oral between the parties, subject to the conditions stated herein, and each attorney represents that his
or her client has freely consented to and authorized this Agreement after having been so advised.

18. 
Mutual Drafting. Each party has participated jointly in the drafting of this Agreement which each party acknowledges is the result
of negotiation between the parties and the language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to
express their mutual intent. If ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, then this Agreement will accordingly be construed
as drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party to this Agreement
by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

19. 
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of SCC in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive
of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

20. 
Waiver of Defense. Each party hereto waives a statement of decision, and the right to appeal from the Order after its entry. Company
further waives any defense based on the rule against splitting causes of action. The prevailing party in any motion to enforce the Order
shall be awarded its reasonable attorney fees and expenses in connection with such motion. Except as expressly set forth herein, each
party shall bear its own attorneys fees, expenses and costs.

21. 
Signatures. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts and the Agreement, together with its counterpart signature
pages, shall be deemed valid and binding on each party when duly executed by all parties. Facsimile and electronically scanned signatures
shall be deemed valid and binding for all purposes. This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing signed by the party
to be charged with enforcement thereof. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof.

22. 
Choice of Law, Etc. Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by either of the parties, or any other factor,
all terms and provisions hereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, applicable to
agreements made and to be fully performed in that State and without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. Any action
brought to enforce, or otherwise arising out of this Agreement shall be brought only in State Court sitting in the Twelfth Judicial Circuit,
State of Florida.

23. 
Exclusivity. For a period of the later of one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of the execution of this Agreement or upon
SCCs final sale of all shares of stock issued pursuant hereto subsequent to final adjustment; (a) Company and its representatives
shall not enter into any exchange transaction under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act nor directly or indirectly discuss, negotiate
or consider any proposal, plan or offer from any other party relating to any liabilities, or any financial transaction having an effect
or result similar to the transactions contemplated hereby without the express written consent of SCC; and (b) SCC shall have the exclusive
right to negotiate and execute definitive documentation embodying the terms set forth herein and other mutually acceptable terms.

24. 
Most Favored Nation Clause. The Purchase Price may be adjusted to match any pricing STAI offers in the future or has offered in
the past. If STAI enters into any agreement with another party that provides for a lower purchase price or more favorable economic terms,
SCC shall have the right to adjust its pricing to match or improve upon those terms.

25. 
Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any other document executed in connection
herewith, the terms of this Agreement shall control to the extent necessary to resolve such inconsistency.

26. 
NOTICES. Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be
deemed effectively given on the earliest of

(a) the date delivered,
if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefore or by confirmed facsimile transmission,

(b) the fifth business day
after deposit, postage prepaid, in the United States Postal Service by registered or certified mail, or

(c) the second business
day after mailing by domestic or international express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid,

(d) delivery by email upon delivery,

in each case, addressed to each of the other parties
thereunto entitled at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may designate by ten (10) days advance
written notice similarly given to each of the other parties hereto):

Company: 

ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

1735 Enterprise Drive 

Buford, Georgia, 30518 

Attn: Dolan Falconer 

Telephone No.: (470) 655 - 0886 

E-mail: dfalconer@scantechibs.com 

with a copy to: 

VCL Law LLP

1945 Old Gallows Road, Suite 260 

Vienna, VA 22182 

Attn: Fang Liu and Zixuan Guo 

fliu@vcllegal.com 

And zguo@vcllegal.com 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Settlement
Agreement and Stipulation as of the date first indicated above.

ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

By: /s/ Dolan Falconer

Name: Dolan Falconer

Title: CEO

By: /s/ Gillian Gold

Name: Gillian Gold

Title: Manager
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2511007d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

THE SECURITIES (AS DEFINED BELOW)
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THERE ARE FURTHER
RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN. THE PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK
AND SHOULD BE CONSIDERED ONLY BY PERSONS WHO CAN BEAR THE RISK OF THE LOSS OF THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT.

AMENDMENT TO SEAPORT BRIDGE
LOANS

This AMENDMENT
TO SEAPORT BRIDGE LOANS (this Amendment) is entered into as of March 31, 2025 (the Effective Date), by
and between ScanTech AI Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (SIBS and, together with the Company, the ScanTech Parties), Seaport Group
SIBS LLC (Seaport Group SIBS), and Seaport SIBS LLC (Seaport SIBS and, together with Seaport Group SIBS, the
Lender). The ScanTech Parties and the Lender are each referred to as a Party or together as the Parties
in this Agreement. Seaport Group SIBS shall be the Subscriber.

WHEREAS,
the Lender provided approximately $2,250,000.00 to the Company in the form of a return of capital the Subject Documents (as defined below).

WHEREAS,
the Lender has entered into several loans with the Company to provide funding in connection with the Ontario Power Generation order, in
the amount of $2,600,000 (the OPG Debt Agreement and, together with the Facility Agreement, the Subject Agreements).

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Lender have agreed to terminate the Subject Agreements in exchange for the issuance of the Securities (as defined
below).

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Lender hereby agree
as follows:

1. Termination
of the Facility, Facility Agreement, and OPG Debt Agreement. As of the Effective Date, the Facility, Facility Agreement, and OPG
Debt Agreement are hereby terminated in all respects and all amounts owing or payable thereunder are deemed paid and satisfied in
full, including the principal amounts thereunder, all interest, and any fees, expenses, and other amounts.

2.
Subscription. Pursuant to the terms of this Amendment and contingent upon the Warrant Exercise (as defined below), the
Company agrees to issue to the Subscriber, and the Subscriber hereby subscribes from the Company for, (i) 2,250,000 shares of Common
Stock (the Facility Subscription Shares) in exchange for the termination of the Facility Agreement and all related documents,
and (ii) 2,600,000 shares of Common Stock (the OPG Subscription Shares and, together with the Facility Subscription Shares,
the Securities) in exchange for the termination of the OPG Debt Agreement and all related documents. In addition, Subscriber
shall receive a transaction bonus equal to 500,000 shares of Common Stock for work related to this agreement.

3.
Exercise of Warrant. Effective as of the Effective Date, the Lender shall cause to be exercised that certain Purchase Warrant
(the Purchase Warrant) to purchase 3,000,000 shares Common Stock for an exercise price of $0.01 per share, by causing the
Exercise Form attached for ease of reference as Exhibit A hereto to be completed, executed, and sent to the Company (along
with proper payment therefor) (such proper exercise of the Purchase Warrant, the Warrant Exercise).

1

4. Registration
Rights. Within a reasonable amount of time after the request of the Lender to register for resale the Securities (the
Resale Request), the Company shall file with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate
form if the Company is not then Form S-3 eligible) providing for the resale of the Securities held by the Lender (the Resale
Registration Statement).

5.Settlement, Release, and Related Matters.

(a) Termination.
The Parties hereby terminate each of the Subject Agreements and all amounts due thereunder at the Effective Date and agrees to
accept in lieu of and in exchange for the Subject Agreements, the Securities (with respect to the Lender) and release all Settled
Claims (with respect to all Parties). Such termination includes all principal and interest owed or owing under the Subject
Agreements and any other amounts due or that could be due under the Subject Agreements. The Subject Agreements are extinguished in
their entirety. For purposes of this Agreement, Settled Claims means, with respect to a Party, all Claims released by
that Party pursuant to Section 5(d). For purposes of this Agreement, Claims means any and all actions, causes of
action, claims, compensation, costs, damages, delay damages, demands, expenses, indebtedness, liabilities, liens, losses,
obligations, rights of contribution, and rights of indemnity of every nature whatsoever, whether known, unknown, fixed, or
contingent, that the releasing Party formerly owned or held, or currently owns or holds, or may by any means acquire in the future,
that pertain to any events, actions, transactions, failures to act, occurrences, or circumstances in any way involving or relating
to or arising out of, depending on, based in whole or in part on, or derivative of: (i) the facts or circumstances associated with
the claims, counterclaims, crossclaims, third-party claims, defenses, and allegations asserted in any lawsuit; and (ii) any claims,
counterclaims, crossclaims, third- party claims, defenses, and allegations that could have been asserted in the lawsuit.

(b) Release
of Collateral. Within 1 business day following the Effective Date, the Lender and its affiliates shall release or cause to be
released any and all security interest in any and all collateral that secures all or any part of the Facility Agreement or the OPG
Debt Agreement.

(c) Scope
of Release. The Parties expressly agree that the releases set forth in this Section 5 shall be construed, to the extent legally
permissible, as broadly as possible to encompass all claims, rights, causes of action, and liabilities arising from or relating to
the issues and matters described in this Agreement.

(d) Mutual
Release. As material inducement for, and in consideration of, this Agreement, each Party, for itself and its present, former,
and future parent corporations, subsidiary corporations, divisions, general and limited partnerships, limited liability companies,
affiliates, trusts, representatives, agents, and attorneys, and their respective present, former, and future directors, officers,
stockholders, managers, members, partners, employees, trustees, agents, and attorneys, hereby fully, finally, forever, and
unconditionally release and discharge the other Parties and its present, former, and future parent corporations, subsidiary
corporations, divisions, general and limited partnerships, limited liability companies, affiliates, trusts, representatives, agents,
and attorneys, and their respective present, former, and future directors, officers, stockholders, managers, members, partners,
employees, trustees, agents, and attorneys to the fullest extent permitted by law, of and from any and all Claims arising under or
related to the Subject Agreements (or any one or more of the Subject Agreements or amounts due thereunder) that could have been
asserted in a lawsuit.

(e)
Attorneys Fees. Each Party agrees to bear its own attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with the
Settled Claims.

2

(f) Release
by the Lender. Lender agrees, on behalf of itself, its Affiliates, agents, securityholders, representatives, attorneys,
advisors, employees, officers, managers, directors, partners, administrators, predecessors, successors, heirs and assigns, hereby
fully and forever releases and discharges each of the ScanTech Parties, Dolan Falconer, Karl Brenza and the Directors of the Company
and each of their Affiliates (from any and all claims, demands, rights, obligations, liabilities and causes of action, known or
unknown, contingent or non-contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, matured, anticipated or unanticipated, in any way arising from or
related to the Settled Claims, from the beginning of time to the date hereof, except for those claims arising from the breach of, or
enforcement of, this Agreement. Lender acknowledges that, to the extent not already terminated, the Subject Agreements and all
amounts due thereunder shall be deemed terminated and shall be of no further force or effect. For purpose of this Agreement,
Affiliates means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or
under common Control with such Person. For purposes of this Agreement, Person means an individual, corporation,
partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership or limited liability partnership), limited liability company,
association, trust, or other entity or organization, including a government, domestic or foreign, or political subdivision thereof,
or an agency or instrumentality thereof. For purposes of this Agreement, Control of a Person means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise; and Controlled, Controlling, and
under common Control with have correlative meanings.

(g) Release
by ScanTech Parties. Each of the ScanTech Parties, on behalf of itself, its Affiliates, agents, securityholders,
representatives, attorneys, advisors, employees, officers, managers, directors, partners, administrators, predecessors, successors,
heirs and assigns, hereby fully and forever releases and discharges the Lender and each of its Affiliates from any and all claims,
demands, rights, obligations, liabilities and causes of action, known or unknown, contingent or non-contingent, liquidated or
unliquidated, matured, anticipated or unanticipated, in any way arising from or related to the Settled Claims, from the beginning of
time to the date hereof, except for those claims arising from the breach of, or enforcement of, this Agreement.

(h) Breach
of Agreement Not Released. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be construed as
releasing any claim arising from a breach of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any representations, warranties, or
covenants herein, or any obligation created hereby.

(i) Covenant
Not to Sue. Each Party hereby covenants and promises never to assert, file, or make on its behalf, or on behalf of its parent
corporations, subsidiary corporations, divisions, general and limited partnerships and limited liability companies, entities,
affiliates, trusts, heirs, successors, assigns, representatives, agents, and attorneys, and their respective present, former, and
future directors, officers, stockholders, managers, members, partners, employees, and trustees, a lawsuit, action, charge,
complaint, or other claim or proceeding in any court, arbitration, or other forum or tribunal whatsoever asserting any claim or
demand against the other Party that is within the scope of the Settled Claims under this Agreement.

(j) Indemnification
for Settled Claims. If a third person claimant makes or institutes any Settled Claim against a Party because of any purported or
actual assignment, subrogation or transfer of that Settled Claim from any party hereto, such Party shall indemnify, defend, and hold
harmless the other Party against that Settled Claim and shall pay and satisfy that Settled Claim provided it is a bona fide claim,
including necessary and reasonable expenses of investigation and attorneys fees and costs.

(k) Complete
Authority. Each Party further warrants, covenants, and represents that it has the sole, exclusive, and complete right and
authority to pursue its respective Settled Claims and to enter into this Agreement resolving its respective Settled Claims.

(l) No
Assignment. Each Party warrants, covenants, and represents that as of the Effective Date it has not assigned, transferred, or
conveyed, or purported to have assigned, transferred, or conveyed, to any person or entity, any of the Settled Claims.

3

6. Representations
and Warranties of Subscriber. Subscriber hereby represents and warrants to Company, as of the Effective Date, as
follows:Subscriber is agreeing to purchase the Securities solely for Subscribers own account and for investment and not with
a view toward the distribution thereof. Subscriber understands that the Securities for which Subscriber is subscribing will not be
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or applicable state securities laws and
therefore cannot be resold unless registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, or unless an exemption
from registration is available. The Subscriber acknowledges that because of the restrictions on the transferability of the
Securities, the Subscriber must bear the economic risk of Subscribers investment in the Securities for an indefinite period
of time.

(b) Subscriber
is familiar with the business and financial condition and operations of Company. Subscriber has had access to such information
concerning Company and the Securities as the Subscriber deems necessary to enable it to make an informed investment decision
concerning the purchase of the Securities. Subscriber understands the risks associated with an investment in the Securities and is
financially capable of bearing the economic risk of this investment and could afford the loss of the total amount of this
investment.

(c) Subscriber
has all requisite authority to purchase the Securities, enter into this Amendment and to perform all the obligations required to be
performed by the undersigned hereunder, and such purchase will not contravene any law, rule or regulation binding on the undersigned
or any investment guideline or restriction applicable to the Subscriber.

(d) Subscriber
is an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act), with such sufficient
knowledge and experience with financial and business matters to enable Subscriber to evaluate the risks and merits of the investment
in Company contemplated hereunder.

(e) Subscriber:
(i) does not have an overall commitment to investments that are not readily marketable that is disproportionate to its net worth,
and its investment in the Securities will not cause such overall commitment to become excessive and (ii) has adequate net worth and
means of providing for Subscribers current needs and personal contingencies to sustain a complete loss of Subscribers
investment in the Securities and has no need for liquidity in Subscribers investment in the Securities.

(f) Subscriber
is fully aware that the Securities are being issued and sold in reliance upon the exemption provided for by, among others as
applicable, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and/or Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and similar exemptions
provided under state securities laws on the grounds that no public offering is involved, and that the representations, warranties
and agreements set forth in this Amendment are essential to the claiming of such exemptions.

(g) Subscriber:
(i) is purchasing the Securities with Subscribers own funds and not with the funds of any other person, firm or entity; (ii)
is acquiring the Securities for Subscribers own account; and (iii) has no reason to anticipate a change in personal
circumstances, financial or otherwise, that would cause Subscriber to sell or distribute, or necessitate or require any sale or
distribution of, the Securities, and no other person, firm or entity has or will have any beneficial interest in the Securities.

(h) Subscriber
is a Limited Liability Company (LLC) organized under the laws of Delaware with its principal place of business 360 Madison Avenue,
23rd Floor, New York, New York 10017.

4

7. Indemnification.
Lender agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Company and its founders, managers, directors, officers, agents, attorneys,
representatives and other members from any and all losses to any of them arising out of the breach of any of the agreements,
representations or warranties set forth in this Amendment. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this
Amendment and the indemnification contained in this Section 7 shall survive the acceptance of this Amendment and the purchase and
sale of the Securities.

8. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Amendment or the application thereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Amendment will continue in full force and effect and the
application of such provision to other persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the intent of the
Parties hereto. The Parties further agree to replace such void or unenforceable provision of this Amendment with a valid and
enforceable provision that will achieve, to the greatest extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such void or
unenforceable provision.

9. Governing
Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without
giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that
would cause the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of New York.

10. Jurisdiction.
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby may be
instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the State of New York or the courts of the State of New
York, and each Party subjects to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of
process, summons, notice or other document by certified or registered mail to such Partys address set forth herein shall be
effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The Parties irrevocably and
unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or any proceeding in such courts and irrevocably
waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been
brought in an inconvenient forum.

11. Headings.
The section headings contained in this Amendment are solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the
Parties and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment.

12. Binding
Effect. Lender understands that this Amendment is binding on the Lender, and any heirs, personal representatives, successors or
assigns of the Lender, and may not be canceled, revoked, transferred or assigned by the Lender or by any of them.

13. Counterparts.
This Amendment may be executed in as many counterparts as there are Parties to the Amendment (including by facsimile or other
electronic transmission), all of which counterparts shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when
one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties, it being understood that all
Parties need not sign the same counterpart.

(Signature page follows)

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have executed and delivered this Amendment, or caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered, as of the Effective
Date.

COMPANY:

ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

By: /s/ Dolan Falconer

Name: Dolan Falconer

Title: Chief Executive Officer

SIBS:

ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC

By: /s/ Dolan Falconer

Name: Dolan Falconer

Title: Chief Executive Officer

LENDER:

Seaport SIBS LLC

By: /s/ Stephen Smith

Name: Stephen Smith

Title: Authorized Signatory

Seaport Group SIBS LLC

By: /s/ Stephen Smith

Name: Stephen Smith

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Amendment
to Senior Secured Credit Facility]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>stai-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>stai-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>stai-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42463

Entity Registrant Name ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001994624

Entity Tax Identification Number 93-3502562

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1735 Enterprise Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Buford

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 30518

City Area Code (470)

Local Phone Number 655-0886

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol STAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://scantechais.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

stai-20250326.xsd 
stai-20250326_lab.xml 
stai-20250326_pre.xml 
tm2511007d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-030645-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm2511007d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001994624 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001994624 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
ScanTech AI Systems Inc. 
DE 
001-42463 
93-3502562 
1735 Enterprise Drive 
Buford 
GA 
30518 
(470) 
655-0886 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
STAI 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>