<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-001623.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-001623.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107160130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-001623
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FORMATION MINERALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001885336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				872406468
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41209
		FILM NUMBER:		25514820

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 S. FORT APACHE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(347) 325-4677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 S. FORT APACHE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SensaSure Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210928
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226982-8k_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000188533600018853362024-12-312024-12-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 7, 2025 (December 31, 2024)

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 001-41209 87-2406468

(State or other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

P.O. Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas76458

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

972-217-4080

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

In this Current Report
on Form 8-K, the terms we, us, our and the Company refer to Formation Minerals,
Inc., a Nevada corporation, unless the context indicates otherwise.

Item 1.01. Entry Into A Material Agreement.

On December 31, 2024, we entered into an equity
financing agreement (the Equity Financing Agreement) with GHS Investments, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (the
Investor), pursuant to which, the Investor has committed, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, to
purchase up to an aggregate of $10.0 million of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock),
subject to certain limitations, from time to time and at the Companys sole discretion over a 24-month period as described below.

Under the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Equity Financing Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Investor, and the Investor is obligated
to purchase up to $10.0 million shares of the Common Stock. Such sales of Common Stock by the Company, if any, will be subject to certain
limitations set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement, and may occur from time to time, at the Companys sole discretion, over
the 24-month period commencing on the date on which the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) declares the Registration
Statement (as defined below) effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Equity Financing
Agreement further provides that the Company must issue one million (1,000,000) shares of Common Stock to the Investor as an equity incentive
at the closing of, and in addition to the shares of Common Stock issued at, the initial purchase of shares of Common Stock pursuant to
the Equity Financing Agreement (Incentive Shares). The purchase price of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to
the Equity Financing Agreement will be eighty percent (80%) of the market price of such shares of Common Stock, provided, however, that.
if at any time, such shares of Common Stock are listed and traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or another national securities exchange
having similar price restriction, the purchase price will be ninety percent (90%) of the lowest volume weighted average price as reported
by Bloomberg, L.P. during the applicable pricing period. We will not be entitled to deliver a purchase notice to the Investor, unless
(i) the Registration Statement (as defined below) is declared effective, (ii) the shares of Common Stock are listed or quoted for trading
on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market,
or any of the OTC Markets, whichever is the principal market on which the Common Stock is then listed and traded (the Principal
Market) and are not suspended from trading thereon, (iii) we have complied with our obligations under the Equity Financing Agreement
and Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below), (iv) no injunction has been issued or is in force that prohibits the purchase or
issuance of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement, and (v) the issuance of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement does not violate applicable requirements of the Principal Market. As of the date hereof, up
to 379,787,879 shares of Common Stock are issuable pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement assuming a purchase price of $0.2648 per
share based on the lowest traded price for the Common Stock during the ten trading days preceding the date hereof. The Company intends
to use the net proceeds from the sale of any shares of Common Stock under the Equity Financing Agreement for general corporate and working
capital purposes and acquisitions of assets, businesses or operations or for other purposes that the board of directors of the Company,
in good faith, deems to be in the best interest of the Company.

The Equity Financing Agreement prohibits the Company
from directing the Investor to purchase any shares of Common Stock if those shares, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock
then beneficially owned by the Investor (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
Rule 13d-3 thereunder), would result in the Investor beneficially owning more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. The
Investor has agreed not to engage in or effect, directly or indirectly, for its own principal account or for the principal account of
any of its affiliates, any short sales of the Common Stock or hedging transaction that establishes a net short position in the Common
Stock during the term of the Equity Financing Agreement.

On December 31, 2024, we also entered into a registration
rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with the Investor. Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
agreed to file one or more registration statements (the Registration Statement), as necessary, to register under the Securities
Act the resale of all of the shares of Common Stock that may, from time to time, be issued or become issuable to the Investor under the
Equity Financing Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. The Registration Rights Agreement requires that the Company file, within
30 days after execution of the Registration Rights Agreement, an initial Registration Statement and use commercially reasonable efforts
to have such Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC within thirty (30) calendar days, but no more than ninety (90) calendar
days after the Company has filed such Registration Statement.

1

The Equity Financing Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement contain customary representations, warranties, conditions and indemnification obligations of the parties. The Company
has the right to terminate the Equity Financing Agreement at any time by providing the Investor 45 days written notice.

The shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to
the Equity Facility Agreement will be issued and sold in reliance upon the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act, Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act, and/or upon such other exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the investments in Common Stock to be
made pursuant to the Equity Facility Agreement. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any shares of Common Stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

The foregoing descriptions of the Equity Financing
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement are summaries and, as such, do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified
in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Equity Financing Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are
filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities.

The disclosure set forth above under Item
1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On January 7, 2025, we
issued a press release, which press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, regarding the Companys entry into the Equity
Financing Agreement.

The information in this Current Report on Form
8-K with respect to Item 8.01 (including the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1) is being furnished pursuant to Item 8.01
of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. This Current Report on Form 8-K
(including Exhibit 99.1) will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information contained herein.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibits

10.1 Equity Financing Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024 by and between Formation
Minerals, Inc. and GHS Investments LLC.

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024 by and between Formation Minerals, Inc.
and GHS Investments LLC.

99.1 Press Release, dated January 7, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document.)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: January 7, 2025

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

By: /s/ Scott A. Cox

Scott A. Cox

President, Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022698201ex10-1_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EQUITY FINANCING AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 BY AND BETWEEN FORMATION MINERALS, INC. AND GHS INVESTMENTS LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EQUITY FINANCING AGREEMENT

This EQUITY FINANCING AGREEMENT (this Agreement),
dated as of December 31, 2024 (the Execution Date), is entered into by and between Formation Minerals, Inc., a Nevada
corporation with its principal executive offices at P.O. Box 67 Jacksboro, TX 76458 (the Company), and GHS Investments
LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, with offices at 420 Jericho Turnpike, Suite 102, Jericho, NY 11753 (the Investor). 

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the parties desire
that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Investor shall invest up to Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000)
(the Commitment Amount), over a twenty four (24) month period commencing immediately following the Effective Date to
purchase the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock);

WHEREAS, such investments
will be made in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the 1933 Act), Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or upon such other
exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the investments in Common
Stock to be made hereunder; and

WHEREAS, contemporaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the parties hereto are executing and delivering a Registration Rights Agreement substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company
has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the 1933 Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable
state securities laws with respect to the resale of the Common Stock to be purchased hereunder.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing recitals, which shall be considered an integral part of this Agreement, the covenants and agreements set forth hereafter,
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby
agree as follows:

SECTION I.

DEFINITIONS

For all purposes of and under
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings below, and such meanings shall be equally applicable to the singular
and plural forms of such defined terms.

1933 Act shall
have the meaning set forth in the recitals.

1934 Act shall
mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder,
all as the same will then be in effect.

Affiliate shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7.

Agreement shall
have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Articles of Incorporation shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.

Bylaws shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.

Closing shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2.4.

Closing Date shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.4.

Common Stock shall
have the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Control or Controls
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7.

Effective Date
shall mean the date on which the SEC declares the Registration Statement covering the Securities effective under the 1933 Act.

ELOC Transaction Documents
shall mean this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and any other documents or agreements, including all exhibits and schedules,
executed or delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

Environmental Laws
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

Execution Date
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Floor Price shall
mean the minimum price at which Common Stock may be issued and sold by the Company, which shall be the price equal to the greater of (i)
the closing price of the Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq), or such other national securities
exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed and traded, on the Trading Day immediately preceding the relevant Put Notice Date or
(ii) the average of the closing prices for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the relevant Put Notice Date, consistent with Nasdaq
Rule 5635(d) for determining the Minimum Price or such other equivalent rule of the national securities exchange on which
the Common Stock is then listed and traded.

Incentive Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.

Indemnified Liabilities
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.

Indemnitees shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 10. 

Ineffective Period
shall mean any period of time that the Registration Statement becomes ineffective or unavailable for use for the resale, as applicable,
of any or all of the Securities for any reason (or in the event the prospectus under either of the above is not current and deliverable)
during any time period required under the Registration Rights Agreement.

Investor shall
have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Market Price shall
mean the lowest traded price for the Common Stock during the Pricing Period.

Material Adverse Effect
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.

2

Maximum Common Stock Issuance
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.

Open Period shall
mean the period beginning on and including the Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date and ending on the termination of this
Agreement in accordance with Section 8.

Pricing Period
shall mean the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days preceding the relevant Put Notice Date.

Principal Market
shall mean the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select
Market, or any of the OTC Markets, whichever is the principal market on which the Common Stock is then listed and traded.

Prospectus shall
mean any prospectus, preliminary prospectus and prospectus supplement used in connection with the Registration Statement.

Purchase Amount
shall mean the total amount being paid by the Investor on a particular Closing Date to purchase the Securities.

Purchase Price
shall mean eighty percent (80%) of the Market Price; provided, however, that. if at any time, the Common Stock is listed and traded on
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or another national securities exchange having similar price restriction, Purchase Price shall mean ninety
percent (90%) of the lowest volume weighted average price as reported by Bloomberg, L.P. during the Pricing Period, subject to the Floor
Price below which Floor Price the Company shall not deliver a Put.

Put shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Put Amount shall
mean the total dollar amount requested by the Company pursuant to an applicable Put.

Put Notice shall
mean a written notice sent to the Investor by the Company, as further described in Section 2.2, stating the Put Amount in U.S.
dollars of Shares that the Company intends to issue and sell to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and stating the current
number of Shares issued and outstanding on such date.

Put Notice Date
shall mean the Trading Day on which the Investor receives a Put Notice.

Put Restriction
shall mean ten (10) Trading Days following a Closing Date. During this time, the Company shall not be entitled to deliver another Put
Notice.

Put Shares shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

Registration Rights Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Registration Statement
means the registration statement of the Company filed under the 1933 Act covering the resale of the Securities issuable hereunder.

Related Party shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7.

3

Resolution shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.

SEC shall mean
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.6.

Securities shall
mean the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Settlement Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

Shares shall mean
the shares of the Common Stock.

Trading Day shall
mean any day on which the Principal Market for the Common Stock is open for trading, from the hours of 9:30 am until 4:00 pm, Eastern
Time.

SECTION II

PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

2.1 PURCHASE
AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor,
and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to that number of Shares having an aggregate Purchase Price of ten million dollars
($10,000,000).

2.2 DELIVERY
OF PUT NOTICES. Subject to the terms and conditions herein, and from time to time during the Open Period, the Company may, in its
sole discretion, deliver a Put Notice to the Investor which states the dollar amount (designated in U.S. Dollars) of Shares, which the
Company intends to issue and sell to the Investor on a Closing Date (the Put). The Put Notice shall be in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit C and incorporated herein by reference. During the Open Period, the Company shall not be entitled to
submit a Put Notice until after the previous Closing has been completed and at least ten (10) Trading Days have passed. The timing and
amounts of each Put shall be at the discretion of the Company. The maximum dollar amount of each Put will not exceed two times (2x) the
average daily trading dollar volume of the Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days preceding the Put Notice Date. No
Put will be made in an amount equaling less than ten thousand dollars ($10,000) or greater than five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000).
Puts are further limited as contemplated in Section 2.6 of this Agreement.

2.3 CONDITIONS
TO PUT NOTICES AND INVESTORS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE SHARES. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the
Company shall not be entitled to deliver a Put Notice and the Investor shall not be obligated to purchase any Shares at a Closing unless
each of the following conditions are satisfied:

i. the Registration Statement shall have been declared effective and shall remain effective and available
for the resale of all the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) at all times until the Closing with
respect to the subject Put Notice;

ii. at all times during the period beginning on the related Put Notice Date and ending on and including the
related Closing Date, the Common Stock shall have been listed or quoted for trading on the Principal Market and shall
not have been suspended from trading thereon for a period of two (2) consecutive Trading Days during the Open Period and the Company shall
not have been notified of any pending or threatened proceeding or other action to suspend the trading of the Common Stock;

4

iii. the Company has complied with its obligations and is otherwise not in breach of or in default under, any
ELOC Transaction Document, which has not been cured prior to delivery of the Put Notice;

iv. no injunction shall have been issued and remain in force, or action commenced by a governmental authority
which has not been stayed or abandoned, prohibiting the purchase or the issuance of the Securities; and

v. the issuance of the Securities will not violate any applicable requirements of the Principal Market.

If any of the events described in clauses (i) through (v) above occurs
during a Pricing Period, then the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase the Put Amount of Common Stock set forth in the applicable
Put Notice. The Company shall have certified to the Investor as to the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding when a Put Notice
is given to the Investor.

2.4 MECHANICS
OF PURCHASE OF SHARES BY INVESTOR. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.5, 7 and 8 of this
Agreement, at the end of the Pricing Period, the Purchase Price shall be established and an amount of Shares equaling one hundred percent
(100%) of the Put Amount (the Put Shares) shall be delivered to the Investors broker for a particular Put,
subject to Section 2.6 herein. No fraction of a Share will be issued pursuant to this Agreement, and if the Investor would otherwise be
entitled to a fraction of a Share, then the number of Shares to be issued to the Investor will rounded up or down to the nearest whole
Share.

The Closing of a Put shall occur upon the first
Trading Day following the confirmation of receipt and approval for trading by the Investors broker of the Put Shares, whereby the Company
shall have caused the Transfer Agent to electronically transmit, on the applicable Closing Date, the applicable Put Shares by crediting
the account of the Investors broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC) system. The Investor
shall deliver the Purchase Amount specified in the Put Notice (less deposit and clearing fees) by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account designated by the Company on the same Trading Day if the aforementioned receipt and approval are confirmed before
1:00 PM, Eastern Time on such date or on the following Trading Day if receipt and approval by the Investors broker is made after 1:00
PM, Eastern Time (each a Closing Date and a Closing). In addition, on or prior to such Closing Date,
each of the Company and Investor shall deliver to each other all documents, instruments and writings required to be delivered or reasonably
requested by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated herein.

2.5 OVERALL LIMIT ON
COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if during the Open Period the Company becomes
listed on an exchange which limits the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued without shareholder approval, then the
number of Shares issuable by the Company and purchasable by the Investor, shall not exceed that number of the shares of Common Stock
that may be issuable without shareholder approval (the Maximum Common Stock Issuance). If such issuance of
shares of Common Stock could cause a delisting on the Principal Market, then the Maximum Common Stock Issuance shall first be
approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with applicable law and the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the
Company. The parties understand and agree that the Companys failure to seek or obtain such shareholder approval shall in no
way adversely affect the validity and due authorization of the issuance and sale of Securities or the Investors obligation in
accordance with the terms and conditions hereof to purchase a number of Shares in the aggregate up to the Maximum Common Stock
Issuance, and that such approval pertains only to the applicability of the Maximum Common Stock Issuance limitation provided in this Section
2.5.

5

2.6 LIMITATION
ON AMOUNT OF OWNERSHIP. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in no event shall the Investor be entitled to
purchase that number of Shares, which when added to the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned (as such term is
defined under Section 13(d) and Rule 13d-3 of the 1934 Act), by the Investor, would exceed 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding on the Closing Date, as determined in accordance with Rule 13d-1(j) of the 1934 Act.

2.7 INCENTIVE
SHARES. The Company shall issue one million (1,000,000) shares of Common Stock to the Investor as an equity incentive at the initial
Closing of, and in addition to the shares of Common Stock issued at, the initial Purchase (Incentive Shares). The
resale of such Incentive Shares shall also be included in the Registration Statement.

SECTION III

INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES
AND COVENANTS

The Investor represents and
warrants to the Company, and covenants, as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date, that to the best of the Investors knowledge:

3.1 SOPHISTICATED
INVESTOR. The Investor has, by reason of its business and financial experience, such knowledge, sophistication and experience in financial
and business matters and in making investment decisions of this type that it is capable of (i) evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
in the Securities and making an informed investment decision; (ii) protecting its own interest; and (iii) bearing the economic risk of
such investment for an indefinite period of time.

3.2 AUTHORIZATION; ENFORCEMENT.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Investor and is a valid and binding agreement
of the Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with its terms, subject as to enforceability to general principles of
equity and to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

6

3.3 SECTION
9 OF THE 1934 ACT. During the term of this Agreement, the Investor will comply with the provisions of Section 9 of the 1934 Act, and
the rules promulgated thereunder, with respect to transactions involving the Common Stock.

3.4 ACCREDITED
INVESTOR. The Investor is an Accredited Investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the 1933
Act.

3.5 NO
CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of the ELOC Transaction Documents by the Investor and the consummation by the Investor
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not result in a violation of the organizational documents of the Investor.

3.6 OPPORTUNITY
TO DISCUSS. The Investor has received all materials relating to the Companys business, finance and operations which it has
requested. The Investor has had an opportunity to discuss the business, management and financial affairs of the Company with the Companys
management.

3.7 INVESTMENT
PURPOSES. The Investor is purchasing the Securities for its own account for investment purposes and not with a view towards distribution
and agrees to resell or otherwise dispose of the Securities solely in accordance with the registration provisions of the 1933 Act (or
pursuant to an exemption from such registration provisions).

3.8 GOOD
STANDING. The Investor is a limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in the State of Nevada.

3.9 TAX
LIABILITIES. The Investor understands that it is liable for its own tax liabilities.

3.10 REGULATION
M. The Investor will comply with Regulation M under the 1934 Act, if applicable.

3.11 PROHIBITED
TRADING. No short sales shall be permitted by the Investor or its affiliates during the period commencing on the Execution
Date and continuing through the termination of this Agreement.

7

SECTION IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as disclosed in or
filed with the Companys SEC Documents, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Investor, as of the date hereof and as
of each Closing Date, that:

4.1 ORGANIZATION
AND QUALIFICATION. The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the state of
Nevada, and has the requisite corporate power and authorization to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.
The Company is duly qualified to do business and in in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature
of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in
good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. As used in this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means
a change, event, circumstance, effect or state of facts that has had or is reasonably likely to have, a material adverse effect on the
business, properties, assets, operations, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the Company or on the transactions
contemplated hereby or by the agreements and instruments to be entered into in connection herewith, or on the authority or ability of
the Company to perform its obligations under the ELOC Transaction Documents.

4.2 AUTHORIZATION;
ENFORCEMENT; COMPLIANCE WITH OTHER INSTRUMENTS.

i. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under the ELOC Transaction Documents, and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

ii. The execution and delivery of the ELOC Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including without limitation the issuance of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement,
have been duly and validly authorized by the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors) and no further
consent or authorization is required by the Company, the Board of Directors, or its shareholders.

iii. The ELOC Transaction Documents have been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company.

8

iv. The ELOC Transaction Documents constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of
creditors rights and remedies.

4.3 CAPITALIZATION.
(a) As of December 31, 2024, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: (i) 1,850,000,000 shares of the Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of which as of the date hereof 99,112,508 shares are issued and outstanding; (ii) 2,000 shares of Class A Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 of which as of the date hereof 1,665 Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding; and (iii) 10,000 shares
of Class B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 of which as of the date hereof 5,654 Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding.
All of such outstanding shares have been, or upon issuance will be, validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.

(b) Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents and
as will be disclosed in the Registration Statement, and based on the best information available and efforts of the Companys management,
as of December 31, 2024:

i. no shares of the Companys capital stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights
or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company;

ii. there are no outstanding debt securities;

iii. there are no outstanding shares of capital stock, options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls
or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company,
or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital
stock of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company;

iv. there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company is obligated to register the sale of any
of their securities under the 1933 Act (except the Registration Rights Agreement);

v. there are no outstanding securities of the Company which contain any redemption or similar provisions,
and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to redeem a security
of the Company;

9

vi. there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered
by the issuance of the Securities as described in this Agreement;

vii. the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement; and

viii. there is no dispute as to the classification of any shares of the Companys capital stock.

The Company has furnished to
the Investor, or the Investor has had access through EDGAR to, true and correct copies of the Companys Articles of Incorporation
and all amendments thereto, as in effect on the date hereof (the Articles of Incorporation), and the Companys
Amended and Restated Bylaws and all amendments thereto, as in effect on the date hereof (the Bylaws), and the terms
of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

4.4 ISSUANCE
OF SHARES. As of the filing of the Registration Statement, the Company will have reserved the amount of Shares included in the Registration
Statement for issuance pursuant to the ELOC Transaction Documents, which have been duly authorized and reserved (subject to adjustment
pursuant to the Companys covenant set forth in Section 5.5 below) pursuant to this Agreement. Upon issuance in accordance
with this Agreement, the Securities will be validly issued, fully paid for and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges
with respect to the issuance thereof. In the event the Company cannot register a sufficient number of Shares for issuance pursuant to
this Agreement, the Company will use its best efforts to authorize and reserve for issuance the number of Shares required for the Company
to perform its obligations hereunder as soon as reasonably practicable.

10

4.5 NO CONFLICTS.
The execution, delivery and performance of the ELOC Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the Articles of Incorporation, any Certificate of
Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of any outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company or the Bylaws; or
(ii) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement,
contract, indenture mortgage, indebtedness or instrument to which the Company is a party, or to the Companys knowledge result
in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including United States federal and state securities laws
and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is traded or listed) applicable to
the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected. The Company is not in violation of any term of,
or in default under, the Articles of Incorporation, any Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of any outstanding
series of preferred stock of the Company or the Bylaws or any contract, agreement, mortgage, indebtedness, indenture, instrument,
judgment, decree or order or any statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, except for possible conflicts, defaults,
terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations that would not individually or in the aggregate have or
constitute a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Company is not being conducted, and shall not be conducted, in violation
of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, order or regulation of any governmental authority or agency, regulatory or self-regulatory
agency, or court, except for possible violations the sanctions for which either individually or in the aggregate would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act or any securities
laws of any states, to the Companys knowledge, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization, permit or
order of, or make any filing or registration (except the filing of a registration statement as outlined in the Registration Rights
Agreement between the parties) with, any court, governmental authority or agency, regulatory or self-regulatory agency or other
third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under, or contemplated by, the ELOC Transaction
Documents in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, permits, orders, filings and registrations
which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date
hereof and are in full force and effect as of the date hereof. The Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give
rise to any of the foregoing. The Company is not, and will not be, in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market
as in effect on the date hereof and on each of the Closing Dates and is not aware of any facts which would reasonably lead to
delisting of the Common Stock by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future.

4.6
SEC DOCUMENTS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. As of the date hereof and since January 1, 2023, the Company has filed all reports, schedules,
forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act (all
of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents
incorporated by reference therein, and amendments thereto, being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). The
Company has delivered to the Investor or its representatives, or they have had access through EDGAR to, true and complete copies of the
SEC Documents. As of their respective filing dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at
the time they were filed with the SEC or the time they were amended, if amended, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC
Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
by a firm that is a member of the Public Companies Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) consistently applied, during
the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case
of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present
in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows
for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). No other written information
provided by or on behalf of the Company to the Investor which is not included in the SEC Documents, including, without limitation, information
referred to in Section 4.3 of this Agreement, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstance under which they are or were made, not misleading. Neither
the Company nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents have provided the Investor with any material, nonpublic information
which was not publicly disclosed on or prior to the date hereof and any material, nonpublic information provided to the Investor by the
Company or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents on or prior to any Closing Date shall be publicly disclosed by the Company
on or prior to such Closing Date.

11

4.7 ABSENCE
OF CERTAIN CHANGES. Except as otherwise set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company does not intend to change the business operations
of the Company in any material way. The Company has not taken any steps, and does not currently expect to take any steps, to seek protection
pursuant to any bankruptcy law nor does the Company have any knowledge or reason to believe that its creditors intend to initiate involuntary
bankruptcy proceedings.

4.8 ABSENCE
OF LITIGATION AND/OR REGULATORY PROCEEDINGS. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry
or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge
of the executive officers of Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, the Common Stock or any of the Companys officers
or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision would have a Material Adverse Effect.

4.9 ACKNOWLEDGMENT
REGARDING INVESTORS PURCHASE OF SHARES. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity
of an arms length investor with respect to the ELOC Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the ELOC Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and any advice given by
the Investor or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with the ELOC Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Securities, and is not being relied on by
the Company. The Company further represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into the ELOC Transaction Documents
has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

4.10 NO
UNDISCLOSED EVENTS, LIABILITIES, DEVELOPMENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, as of the date hereof, no
event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred or exists, or to the Companys knowledge is contemplated to occur, with
respect to the Company or its respective business, properties, assets, prospects, operations or financial condition, that would be required
to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws on a registration statement filed with the SEC relating to an issuance
and sale by the Company of its Common Stock and which has not been publicly announced.

4.11 EMPLOYEE
RELATIONS. The Company is not involved in any union labor dispute nor, to the knowledge of the Company, is any such dispute threatened.
The Company is not a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company believes that relations with their employees are good.
No executive officer (as defined in Rule 501(f) of the 1933 Act) has notified the Company that such officer intends to leave the Companys
employ or otherwise terminate such officers employment with the Company.

12

4.12 INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS. The Company owns or possesses adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service
mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade
secrets and rights necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, none of
the Companys trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights,
inventions, licenses, approvals, government authorizations, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct its
business as now or as proposed to be conducted have expired or terminated, or are expected to expire or terminate within three (3) years
from the date of this Agreement. The Company does not have any knowledge of any infringement by the Company of trademark, trade name rights,
patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other
similar rights of others, or of any such development of similar or identical trade secrets or technical information by others and, except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Companys knowledge,
being threatened against, the Company regarding trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service
names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances
which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company has taken commercially reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties.

4.13 ENVIRONMENTAL
LAWS. The Company (i) is, to the knowledge of the management and directors of the Company, in compliance with any and all applicable
foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous
or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws); (ii) has, to the knowledge of the
management and directors of the Company, received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental
Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) is in compliance, to the knowledge of the management and directors of the Company,
with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where, in each of the three (3) foregoing cases, the failure to
so comply would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

4.14 TITLE.
The Company has good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company, in
each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in the SEC Documents or such as do not materially
affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company. Any
real property and facilities held under lease by the Company are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such
exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company.

4.15 INSURANCE.
The Company is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as
management of the Company reasonably believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company is engaged. The has
not been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for and the Company does not have any reason to believe that it will not
be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13

4.16 REGULATORY
PERMITS. The Company has in full force and effect all certificates, approvals, authorizations and permits from the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities and comparable foreign regulatory agencies, necessary to own, lease or operate their respective
properties and assets and conduct their respective businesses, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any notice
of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, approval, authorization or permit, except for such
certificates, approvals, authorizations or permits which if not obtained, or such revocations or modifications which, would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.

4.17 INTERNAL
ACCOUNTING CONTROLS. Except as otherwise set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls
sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles by a firm with membership to the PCAOB and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Companys
management has determined that the Companys internal accounting controls were not effective as of the date of this Agreement as
further described in the SEC Documents.

4.18 NO
MATERIALLY ADVERSE CONTRACTS, ETC. The Company is not subject to any charter, corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment,
decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is expected in the future to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company is not a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

4.19 TAX
STATUS. The Company has made or filed all United States federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations
required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company has set aside on its books provisions
reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and
charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested
in good faith and has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the
periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.

14

4.20 CERTAIN
TRANSACTIONS. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and except for arms length transactions pursuant to which the Company
makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company could obtain from disinterested third
parties, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other
than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,
director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer,
director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner, such that disclosure would be
required in the SEC Documents.

4.21 DILUTIVE
EFFECT. The Company understands and acknowledges that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon purchases pursuant to this
Agreement will increase in certain circumstances including, but not necessarily limited to, the circumstance wherein the trading price
of the Common Stock declines during the period between the Effective Date and the end of the Open Period. The Companys executive
officers and directors have studied and fully understand the nature of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and recognize that
they may have a potential dilutive effect on the shareholders of the Company. The Board of Directors has concluded, in its good faith
business judgment, and with full understanding of the implications, that such issuance is in the best interests of the Company. The Company
specifically acknowledges that, subject to such limitations as are expressly set forth in the ELOC Transaction Documents, its obligation
to issue shares of Common Stock upon purchases pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is absolute and unconditional
regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.

4.22 NO
GENERAL SOLICITATION. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form
of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Common
Stock to be offered as set forth in this Agreement.

4.23 NO
BROKERS, FINDERS OR FINANCIAL ADVISORY FEES OR COMMISSIONS. Other than Enclave Capital, LLC, no brokers, finders or financial advisory
fees or commissions will be payable by the Company, its agents, with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.24 [RESERVED].

SECTION V

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

5.1 BEST
EFFORTS. The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to timely satisfy each of the conditions set forth in Section
7 of this Agreement.

15

5.2 REPORTING
STATUS. Until one of the following occurs, the Company shall file all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the 1934
Act, and the Company shall not terminate its status, or take an action or fail to take any action, which would terminate its status as
a reporting company under the 1934 Act: (i) this Agreement terminates pursuant to Section 8 and the Investor has the right to sell
all of the Securities without restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act, or such other exemption, or (ii) the date
on which the Investor has sold all the Securities and this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section 8.

5.3 USE
OF PROCEEDS. The Company will use the net proceeds from the sale of the Put Shares (excluding amounts paid by the Company for fees
as set forth in the ELOC Transaction Documents) for general corporate and working capital purposes and acquisitions of assets, businesses
or operations or for other purposes that the Board of Directors, in good faith, deem to be in the best interest of the Company.

5.4 FINANCIAL
INFORMATION. During the Open Period, the Company agrees to make available to the Investor via EDGAR or other electronic means the
following documents and information on the forms set forth: (i) within five (5) Trading Days after the filing thereof with the SEC, a
copy of its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, any Current Reports on Form 8-K and any Registration Statements
or amendments filed pursuant to the 1933 Act; (ii) copies of any notices and other information made available or given to the shareholders
of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the making available or giving thereof to the shareholders; and (iii) within two (2)
calendar days of filing or delivery thereof, copies of all documents filed with, and all correspondence sent to, the Principal Market,
any securities exchange or market, or the Financial Industry Regulatory Association, unless such information is material nonpublic information.

5.5 RESERVATION
OF SHARES. The Company shall take all action necessary to at all times have authorized, and reserved the amount of Shares included
in the Registration Statement for issuance pursuant to the applicable ELOC Transaction Documents. In the event that the Company determines
that it does not have a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock to reserve and keep available for issuance as described
in this Section 5.5, the Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to increase the number of authorized shares of Common
Stock by seeking shareholder approval for the authorization of such additional shares.

5.6 LISTING. The
Company shall promptly secure and maintain the listing of all of the Securities on the Principal Market and each other national
securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official
notice of issuance) and shall maintain, such listing of all Registrable Securities from time to time issuable under the terms of the
ELOC Transaction Documents. The Company shall take any action which would be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or
suspension of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (excluding suspensions of not more than two (2) Trading Days resulting from
business announcements by the Company). The Company shall promptly provide to the Investor copies of any notices it receives from
the Principal Market regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such automated quotation system or
securities exchange. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section
5.6.

16

5.7 TRANSACTIONS
WITH AFFILIATES. The Company shall not enter into, amend, modify or supplement, any agreement, transaction, commitment or arrangement
involving an amount or value in excess of $250,000 in aggregate with any of its officers, directors, persons who were officers or directors
at any time during the previous two (2) years, shareholders who beneficially own 5% or more of the Common Stock, or Affiliates or with
any individual related by blood, marriage or adoption to any such individual or with any entity in which any such entity or individual
owns a 5% or more beneficial interest (each a Related Party), except for (i) customary employment arrangements and
benefit programs on reasonable terms, (ii) any agreement, transaction, commitment or arrangement on an arms-length basis on terms no less
favorable than terms which would have been obtainable from a disinterested third party other than such Related Party, or (iii) any agreement,
transaction, commitment or arrangement which is approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company. For purposes hereof,
any director who is also an officer of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall not be a disinterested director with respect
to any such agreement, transaction, commitment or arrangement. Affiliate for purposes hereof means, with respect
to any person or entity, another person or entity that, directly or indirectly, (i) has a 5% or more equity interest in that person or
entity, (ii) has 5% or more common ownership with that person or entity, (iii) controls that person or entity, or (iv) is under common
control with that person or entity. Control or Controls for purposes hereof means that a person
or entity has the power, directly or indirectly, to conduct or govern the policies of another person or entity.

5.8 FILING OF FORM 8-K.
On or before the date which is four (4) Trading Days after the Execution Date, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with
the SEC describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by the ELOC Transaction Documents in the form required by the 1934 Act,
if such filing is required.

5.9 CORPORATE
EXISTENCE. The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve and continue the corporate existence of the Company.

5.10 NOTICE OF
CERTAIN EVENTS AFFECTING REGISTRATION; SUSPENSION OF RIGHT TO MAKE A PUT. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor upon
the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration Statement or related prospectus in respect of an offering
of the Securities: (i) receipt of any request for additional information by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental
authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement for amendments or supplements to the Registration
Statement or related prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order
suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt of
any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Securities for
sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or notice of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that makes
any statement made in such Registration Statement or related prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement,
related prospectus or documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, and that in the case of the related prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; and (v) the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment or
supplement to the Registration Statement would be appropriate, and the Company shall promptly make available to Investor any such
supplement or amendment to the related prospectus. The Company shall not deliver to Investor any Put Notice during the continuation
of any of the foregoing events in this Section 5.10.

17

SECTION VI

CONDITIONS OF THE COMPANYS OBLIGATION
TO SELL

The obligation hereunder of
the Company to issue and sell the Securities to the Investor is further subject to the satisfaction, at or before each Closing Date, of
each of the following conditions set forth below. These conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company
at any time in its sole discretion.

6.1 The
Investor shall have executed the applicable ELOC Transaction Documents and delivered the same to the Company.

6.2 The
Investor shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price for the Securities being purchased by the Investor.

6.3 No
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

6.4 The
representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct as of the date when made and as of the applicable Closing Date
as though made at that time and the Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied with the covenants, agreements and conditions
required by the ELOC Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company on or before such Closing Date.

18

SECTION VII

FURTHER CONDITIONS OF THE INVESTORS OBLIGATION
TO PURCHASE

The obligation of the Investor
hereunder to purchase Securities is subject to the satisfaction, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions set
forth below.

7.1 The
Company shall have executed the applicable ELOC Transaction Documents and delivered the same to the Investor.

7.2 The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct as of the date when made and as of the applicable Closing Date
as though made at that time and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied with the covenants, agreements and conditions
required by the ELOC Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company on or before such Closing Date.
The Investor may request an update as of such Closing Date regarding the representation contained in Section 4.3.

7.3 The
Company shall have executed and delivered to the Investor via DWAC the Securities (in such denominations as the Investor shall request)
being purchased by the Investor at such Closing.

7.4 The
Board of Directors shall have adopted resolutions consistent with Section 4.2(ii) (the Resolutions) and such
Resolutions shall not have been amended or rescinded prior to such Closing Date.

7.5 No
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

7.6 The Registration Statement
shall be effective on each Closing Date and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration statement shall be in effect
or to the Companys knowledge shall be pending or threatened. Furthermore, on each Closing Date (I) neither the Company nor the
Investor shall have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement
or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently,
or intends or has threatened to do so (unless the SECs concerns have been addressed), and (II) no other suspension of the use
or withdrawal of the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or related prospectus shall exist.

7.7 At the time of each
Closing, the Registration Statement (including information or documents incorporated by reference therein) and any amendments or
supplements thereto shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or which would require public disclosure or an update
supplement to the prospectus.

19

7.8 If
applicable, the shareholders of the Company shall have approved the issuance of any Shares in excess of the Maximum Common Stock Issuance
in accordance with Section 2.5 or the Company shall have obtained appropriate approval pursuant to the requirements of applicable
state and federal laws and the Companys Articles of Incorporation and By-laws.

7.9 The
conditions to such Closing set forth in Section 2.3 shall have been satisfied on or before such Closing Date.

7.10 The
Company shall have certified to the Investor the number of Shares of Common Stock outstanding when a Put Notice is given to the Investor.
The Companys delivery of a Put Notice to the Investor constitutes the Companys certification of the existence of the necessary
number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance.

SECTION VIII

TERMINATION

This Agreement shall terminate
upon any the earlier of the following events:

8.1 when the Investor has purchased an aggregate
of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) in the Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement;

8.2 twenty-four
(24) months from the date of this Agreements execution have elapsed; or

8.3 the
Company electing to terminate this Agreement by providing the Investor 45 days following the receipt by the Investor of a notice of termination
by the Company electing to terminate this Agreement; provided, that the Registration Statement shall remain effective for any Securities
purchased and held by the Investor at such time pursuant to this Agreement.

Any and all Shares, or penalties,
if any, due under this Agreement shall be immediately payable and due upon termination of this Agreement.

20

SECTION IX

SUSPENSION

This Agreement shall be suspended
upon any of the following events, and shall remain suspended until such event is rectified:

i. The trading of the Common Stock is suspended by the SEC, the Principal Market or the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority for a period of two (2) consecutive Trading Days during the Open Period;

ii. The Common Stock ceases to be quoted, listed or traded on a Principal Market or the Registration Statement
is no longer effective (except as permitted hereunder);

iii. The Company or the Investor is in material breach of its respective representations, warranties, covenants;

iv. The Company files, threatens or is compelled into Bankruptcy or insolvency; or

v. The Common Stock is no longer DWAC eligible or current on its reporting requirements with the SEC or the
Principal Market.

Immediately upon the occurrence of one of the
above-described events, the Company or the Investor, as applicable, shall send written notice of such event to the other party.

SECTION X

INDEMNIFICATION

In consideration of the
Investors execution and delivery of the ELOC Transaction Documents and acquiring the Securities hereunder and in addition to
all of the Companys other obligations under the ELOC Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and
hold harmless the Investor and all of its affiliates, stockholders, officers, directors, members, managers, employees and direct or
indirect investors and any of the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those
retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees)
from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and
expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification
hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified
Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of or relating to: (a) any misrepresentation or
material breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in the ELOC Transaction Documents or any other certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby; (b) any material breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the
Company contained in the ELOC Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby;
or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party and arising out of or resulting
from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the ELOC Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or
document contemplated hereby or thereby; provided, however, that (i) the indemnity contained in clause (c) of this Section 10 shall
not apply to any Indemnified Liabilities which directly and primarily result from the fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct
of an Indemnitee, and (ii) the indemnity in this Section 10 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any claim if such
settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company
shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible
under applicable law,. Payment under this indemnification shall be made within thirty (30) days from the date the Indemnitee makes
written request for it. A certificate containing reasonable detail as to the amount of such indemnification submitted to the Company
by the Indemnitee shall be conclusive evidence, absent manifest error, of the amount due from the Company to the Indemnitee. If any
action shall be brought against any Indemnitee with respect to which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such
Indemnitee shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with
counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitee. Any Indemnitee shall have the right to employ separate counsel
in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such
Indemnitee, except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii)
the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there
is, in the reasonable opinion of such separate counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the
Company and the position of such Indemnitee, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of
no more than one such separate counsel.

21

SECTION XI

GOVERNING LAW: DISPUTES SUBMITTED TO ARBITRATION.

11.1 Law
Governing this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada
without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state or federal courts located in New York City, New York State. The parties to this Agreement
hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based
on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. The parties executing this Agreement and other agreements
referred to herein or delivered in connection herewith on behalf of the Company agree to submit to the in personam jurisdiction of such
courts and hereby irrevocably waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable
attorneys fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith
is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent
that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may
prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Agreement or any other ELOC Transaction Documents by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

11.2 LEGAL
FEES; AND MISCELLANEOUS FEES. At the Closing of the first Put, the Company shall deposit eight thousand dollars ($8,000) with the
Investors designated legal counsel to offset legal costs. Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Transaction Documents
, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, the accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses
incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. Any attorneys
fees and expenses incurred by either the Company or the Investor in connection with the enforcement of the rights of any party, after
the occurrence of any breach of the terms of this Agreement by another party or any default by another party in respect of the transactions
contemplated hereunder, shall be paid on demand by the party which breached the Agreement and/or defaulted, as the case may be. The Company
shall pay all stamp and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the issuance of any Securities.

11.3 COUNTERPARTS.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different signatories hereto on separate counterparts, each of
which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. This
Agreement may be executed by facsimile transmission, PDF, electronic signature or other similar electronic means with the same force and
effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

11.4 HEADINGS;
SINGULAR/PLURAL. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Agreement. Whenever required by the context of this Agreement, the singular shall include the plural and masculine shall include
the feminine.

11.5 SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any
provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

11.6 ENTIRE
AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS. This Agreement and the documents and instruments and other agreements between the Company and the Investor
as contemplated by or referred to herein, including the Registration Rights Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between the Company
and the Investor with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
between the Company and the Investor with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
the Registration Rights Agreement will (a) not be superseded; (b) survive any termination of this Agreement; and (c) continue until the
date on which the Registration Rights Agreement expires in accordance with its terms or is validly terminated by the parties thereto.

22

11.7 NOTICES. Any
notices or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be
deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email; or (iii) one (1)
business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to
receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

With a copy to

(which copy shall not constitute notice):

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

Attn: Scott Cox, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial
Officer

P.O. Box 67, Jacksboro, TX 76458

Email: [__]

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attn: David Danovitch

Email: [__]

If to the Investor:

GHS Investments, LLC

Attn: [__]

420 Jericho Turnpike,

Suite 102

Jericho, NY 11753

Email: [__]

With a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):

[Name]

[Address]

Attn: [__]

Email: [__]

Each party shall provide five
(5) days prior written notice to the other party of any change in address or email.

11.8 NO
ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement may not be assigned.

11.9 NO
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and is not for the benefit of, nor may
any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person, except that the Company acknowledges that the rights of the Investor may be enforced
by its general partner.

11.10 SURVIVAL.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the Investor contained in Sections 3 and 4, the agreements shall survive until
the termination of this Agreement and covenants set forth in Sections 5 and 6, and the indemnification provisions set forth in Section
10, shall survive until such covenants have been fulfilled.

23

11.11 PUBLICITY.
The Investor acknowledges that this Agreement and all or part of the ELOC Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material contracts
as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore be required to file such documents as
exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act. The Investor further agrees that the status of
such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation with its counsel.

11.12 FURTHER
ASSURANCES. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

11.13 PLACEMENT
AGENT. If so required, the Company agrees to pay a registered broker dealer, to act as placement agent. The Investor shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other persons or entities for fees of a type
contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the ELOC Transaction Documents. The Company
shall indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, their employees, officers, directors, agents, and partners, and their respective affiliates,
from and against all claims, losses, damages, costs (including the costs of preparation and attorneys fees) and expenses incurred
in respect of any such claimed or existing fees, as such fees and expenses are incurred.

11.14 NO
STRICT CONSTRUCTION. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party, as the parties mutually agree that each has had
a full and fair opportunity to review this Agreement and seek the advice of counsel on it.

11.15 REMEDIES.
The Investor shall have all rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and all rights and remedies
which such holders have been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which the Investor has by
law. Any person having any rights under any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without
posting a bond or other security), to recover damages by reason of any default or breach of any provision of this Agreement, including
the recovery of reasonable attorneys fees and costs, and to exercise all other rights granted by law.

24

11.16 PAYMENT
SET ASIDE. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Investor hereunder or under the Registration Rights Agreement
or the Investor enforces or exercises its rights hereunder or thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement
or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged
by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person under any law
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent
of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force
and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

11.17 PRICING
OF COMMON STOCK. For purposes of this Agreement, the price of the Common Stock shall be as reported by Quotestream Media.

SECTION XII

NON-DISCLOSURE OF NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION

The Company shall not disclose
non-public information to the Investor, its advisors, or its representatives.

Nothing herein shall require
the Company to disclose non-public information to the Investor or its advisors or representatives, and the Company represents that it
does not disseminate non-public information to any investors who purchase stock in the Company in a public offering, to money managers
or to securities analysts, provided, however, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company will, as hereinabove provided,
immediately notify the advisors and representatives of the Investor and, if any, underwriters, of any event or the existence of any circumstance
(without any obligation to disclose the specific event or circumstance) of which it becomes aware, constituting non-public information
(whether or not requested of the Company specifically or generally during the course of due diligence by such persons or entities), which,
if not disclosed in the prospectus included in the Registration Statement would cause such prospectus to include a material misstatement
or to omit a material fact required to be stated therein in order to make the statements, therein, in light of the circumstances in which
they were made, not misleading. Nothing contained in this Section 12 shall be construed to mean that such persons or entities other
than the Investor (without the written consent of the Investor prior to disclosure of such information) may not obtain non-public information
in the course of conducting due diligence in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and nothing herein shall prevent any such persons
or entities from notifying the Company of their opinion that based on such due diligence by such persons or entities, that the Registration
Statement contains an untrue statement of material fact or omits a material fact required to be stated in the Registration Statement or
necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

SECTION XIII

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree to the following: (i) the Investor makes no
representations or covenants that it will not engage in trading in the securities of the Company, other than as provided in Section
3.12 of this Agreement; (ii) the Company shall, by 8:30 a.m. EST on the fourth Trading Day following the date hereof, file a Current
Rreport on Form 8-K disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and in the other ELOC Transaction
Documents; (iii) the Company has not and shall not provide material non-public information to the Investor unless prior thereto the
Investor shall have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such information; and (iv) the Company
understands and confirms that the Investor will be relying on the acknowledgements set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) above if
the Investor effects any transactions in the securities of the Company.

[Signature page follows]

25

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
and the Investor have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first
written above.

GHS INVESTMENTS, LLC

By: /s/ Sarfraz Hajee 

Name: Sarfraz Hajee

Title: Member

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

By: /s/ Scott A. Cox 

Name: Scott A. Cox

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature
Page to Equity Financing Agreement] 

26

LIST OF EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A Form of Registration Rights Agreement

EXHIBIT B Form of Notice of Effectiveness

EXHIBIT C Form of Put Notice

EXHIBIT D Form of Put Settlement Sheet

27

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

See Exhibit 10.2.

28

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

Date: __________

VStock Transfer LLC

18 Lafayette Place

Woodmere, New York 11598

Re: Formation Minerals, Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We are counsel to Formation Minerals, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the Company), and have represented the Company in connection with that certain Equity Financing Agreement (the
ELOC Agreement) entered into by and among the Company and GHS Investments, LLC (the Investor) pursuant to
which the Company has agreed to issue to the Investor from time to time shares of the Companys common stock, $0.01 par value per
share (the Common Stock), on the terms and conditions set forth in the ELOC Agreement. Pursuant to the ELOC Agreement, the
Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Investor (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant
to which the Company agreed, among other things, to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement),
including the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable under the ELOC Agreement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933
Act). In connection with the Companys obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, on ____________ ___, 20__, the
Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. __-________) (the Registration Statement) with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to the Registrable Securities which names the Investor as a selling shareholder
thereunder.

In connection with the foregoing,
we advise you that a member of the SECs staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has entered an order declaring the Registration
Statement effective under the 1933 Act at ______ on __________, 20__ and we have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of
the SECs staff, that any stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending
before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Registrable Securities are available for sale under the 1933 Act pursuant to the Registration
Statement

Very truly yours,

[Company Counsel]

29

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF PUT NOTICE

Date:

RE: Put Notice Number __

Dear Mr./Ms.__________,

This is to inform you that as of today, Formation Minerals, Inc., a
Nevada corporation (the Company), hereby elects to exercise its right pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement, dated
as of [ ], by and among the Company and GHS Investments, LLC (the Investor) to require the Investor to purchase Shares (the
Equity Financing Agreement). Capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein shall have the same definition ascribed thereto
in the Equity Financing Agreement.

The Company hereby certifies that:

The amount of this put is $__________.

The Pricing Period runs from _______________ until
_______________.

The Purchase Price is: $_______________

The number of Put Shares due:___________________.

The current number of shares of common stock issued
and outstanding is: _________________.

The number of shares currently available for issuance
on the Registration Statement is: ________________________.

Regards,

Formation Minerals, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

30

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF PUT SETTLEMENT SHEET

Date: ________________

Dear Mr. ________,

Pursuant to the Put given by Formation Minerals, Inc., to GHS Investments
LLC (GHS) on _________________ 202_, we are now submitting the number of shares of common stock for you to issue to GHS.

Please issue __________ shares to GHS in book-entry
form immediately and send via DWAC to the following account:

[INSERT]

Once these shares are received by us, we will
have the funds wired to the Company.

Regards,

GHS INVESTMENTS LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

31
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022698201ex10-2_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 BY AND BETWEEN FORMATION MINERALS, INC. AND GHS INVESTMENTS LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights
AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of December 31, 2024 (the Execution Date), is entered
into by and between Formation Minerals, Inc., Nevada corporation with its principal executive office at P.O. Box 67, Jacksboro,
TX 76458 (the Company), and GHS Investments LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, with offices at 420 Jericho
Turnpike, Suite 102 Jericho, NY 11753 (the Investor).

RECITALS:

Whereas,
pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement entered into by and between the Company and the Investor of even date (the Equity
Financing Agreement), the Company has agreed to issue and sell to the Investor an indeterminate number of shares of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), up to an aggregate purchase price of Ten Million Dollars
($10,000,000);

Whereas,
as an inducement to the Investor to execute and deliver the Equity Financing Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration
rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively,
the 1933 Act), and applicable state securities laws, with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant
to the Equity Financing Agreement.

Now
therefore, in consideration of the foregoing promises and the mutual covenants contained hereinafter and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

SECTION I

DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

ELOC Transaction Documents
shall mean this Agreement and the Equity Financing Agreement and any other documents or agreements, including all exhibits and schedules,
executed or delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

Execution Date
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Investor shall
have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Person means a
corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or
political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

Register, Registered,
and Registration refer to the registration effected by preparing and filing one (1) or more Registration Statements
in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 under the 1933 Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on
a continuous basis (Rule 415), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such Registration Statement(s)
by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Registrable Securities
means (i) the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement, (ii) any shares of capital stock issued
or issuable with respect to such shares of Common Stock, if any, as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange
or similar event or otherwise, which have not been (x) included in the Registration Statement that has been declared effective by the
SEC, or (y) sold under circumstances meeting all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 (or any similar provision then in force) under
the 1933 Act

Registration Statement
means the registration statement of the Company filed under the 1933 Act covering the Registrable Securities.

All capitalized terms used
in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning ascribed to them as in the Equity Financing Agreement.

SECTION II

REGISTRATION

2.1The Company shall, within thirty (30) calendar days upon the date of execution of this Agreement, use its best efforts to file
with the SEC a Registration Statement or Registration Statements (as is necessary) on Form S-1 (or, if such form is unavailable for such
a registration, on such other form as is available for such registration), covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities, which
Registration Statement(s) shall state that, in accordance with Rule 416 promulgated under the 1933 Act, such Registration Statement also
covers such indeterminate number of additional shares of Common Stock as may become issuable upon stock splits, stock dividends or similar
transactions. The Company shall initially register for resale all of the Registrable Securities which would be issuable on the date preceding
the filing of the Registration Statement based on the closing price of the Common Stock on such date that represents Common Stock issuable
to other parties as set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement except to the extent that the SEC requires the share amount to be reduced
as a condition of effectiveness.

2.2The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement(s) declared effective by the SEC within
thirty (30) calendar days, but no more than ninety (90) calendar days after the Company has filed the Registration Statement.

2.3Other than as contemplated with respect to the initial Registrable Statement, the Company agrees not to include any other securities
in the Registration Statement covering the Registrable Securities without Investors prior written consent which Investor may withhold
in its sole discretion. Furthermore, the Company agrees that it will not file any other Registration Statement for other securities, until
thirty (30) calendar days after the Registration Statement for the Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC, other than
a Registration Statement on Form S-8.

2.4Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2.1, if the staff of the SEC (the Staff)
or the SEC informs the Company that all of the unregistered Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415,
be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single Registration Statement, the Company agrees to promptly (i) inform the Investor
and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Registration Statement as required by the SEC and/or (ii) withdraw
the Registration Statement and file a new registration statement (the New Registration Statement), in either case
covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the SEC, on Form S-1 to register for resale the Registrable
Securities as a secondary offering. If the Company amends the Registration Statement or files a New Registration Statement, as the case
may be, under clauses (i) or (ii) above, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC, as promptly as
allowed by the Staff or SEC, one or more registration statements on Form S-1 to register for resale those Registrable Securities that
were not registered for resale on the Registration Statement, as amended, or the New Registration Statement (each, an Additional
Registration Statement).

2

SECTION III

RELATED OBLIGATIONS

At such time as the Company
is obligated to prepare and file the Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2.1, the Company will effect the registration
of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, with respect thereto, the Company shall
have the following obligations:

3.1The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities
to become effective and shall keep such Registration Statement effective until the earlier to occur of the date on which (A) the Investor
shall have sold all the Registrable Securities; or (B) the Investor has no right to acquire any additional shares of Common Stock under
the Equity Financing Agreement (the Registration Period). The Registration Statement (including any amendments or
supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made,
not misleading. The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to respond to all SEC comments within fifteen (15) business
days from receipt of such comments by the Company. The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration
Statement relating to the Registrable Securities to become effective no later than five (5) business days after notice from the SEC that
the Registration Statement may be declared effective. The Investor agrees to provide all information which it is required by law to provide
to the Company, including the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities, and the Companys obligations set forth
above shall be conditioned on the receipt of such information.

3.2The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to the Registration
Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
promulgated under the 1933 Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective during the Registration Period, and,
during such period, comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company
covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance
with the intended methods of disposition by the Investor thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement. In the event the number
of shares of Common Stock covered by the Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement is at any time insufficient to cover
all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend such Registration Statement, or file a new Registration Statement (on the short
form available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover all of the Registrable Securities, in each case, as soon as practicable,
but in any event within forty five (45) calendar days after the necessity therefor arises (based on the then Purchase Price of the Common
Stock and other relevant factors on which the Company reasonably elects to rely), assuming the Company has sufficient authorized shares
at that time, and if it does not, within thirty (30) calendar days after such shares are authorized. The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause such amendment and/or new Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the
filing thereof.

3.3The Company shall make available to the Investor and its legal counsel without charge (i) promptly after the same is prepared and
filed with the SEC at least one (1) copy of such Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and
schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, the prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including
each preliminary prospectus) and, with regards to such Registration Statement(s), any correspondence by or on behalf of the Company to
the SEC or the staff of the SEC and any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Company or its representatives; (ii)
upon the effectiveness of any Registration Statement, the Company shall make available copies of the prospectus, via EDGAR, included in
such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto; and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary
or final prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities.

3

3.4The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such states in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests;
(ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations
and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period; (iii) take such other actions
as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any
jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3.4, or (y) subject itself to general taxation in
any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to
the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue
sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding
for such purpose.

3.5As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event, the Company shall notify Investor in writing of the happening of
any event as a result of which the prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement
of a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (Registration Default) and use all diligent
efforts to promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement and take any other necessary steps to cure the Registration
Default (which, if such Registration Statement is on Form S-3, may consist of a document to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant
to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act (as defined below) and to be incorporated by reference in the prospectus) to correct
such untrue statement or omission, and make available copies of such supplement or amendment to the Investor. The Company shall also promptly
notify the Investor (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when the Registration
Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (the Company will prepare notification of such effectiveness which shall
be delivered to the Investor on the same day of such effectiveness), additionally, the Company will promptly provide to the Investor by
email, a copy of the effectiveness order prepared by the SEC once it is received by the Company; (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments
or supplements to the Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination
that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be appropriate, (iv) in the event the Registration Statement is no
longer effective, or (v) if the Registration Statement is stale as a result of the Companys failure to timely file its financials
or otherwise.

3.6The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness
of the Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction
and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and
to notify the Investor holding Registrable Securities being sold of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt
of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding concerning the effectiveness of the registration statement.

4

3.7The Company shall permit the Investor and legal counsel, designated by the Investor, to review and comment upon the Registration
Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto at least one (1) calendar day prior to their filing with the SEC. However, any postponement
of a filing of a Registration Statement or any postponement of a request for acceleration or any postponement of the effective date or
effectiveness of a Registration Statement by written request of the Investor (collectively, the Investors Delay)
shall not act to trigger any penalty of any kind, or any cash amount due or any in-kind amount due the Investor from the Company under
any and all agreements of any nature or kind between the Company and the Investor. The event(s) of an Investors Delay shall act
to suspend all obligations of any kind or nature of the Company under any and all agreements of any nature or kind between the Company
and the Investor.

3.8At the request of the Investor, the Companys counsel shall furnish to the Investor, within two (2) business days, a letter
confirming the effectiveness of the registration statement. Such letter shall be issued as of the date of the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, in a form suitable to the Investor.

3.9The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Investor unless (i) disclosure of
such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, or comments from the SEC, (ii) the disclosure of such information
is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, or (iii) the release of such information is
ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction. The Company
agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning the Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental
body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Investor and allow the Investor, at the Investors
expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order covering such information.

3.10The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to maintain designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities
covered by any Registration Statement on the Principal Market. If, despite the Companys commercially reasonable efforts, the Company
is unsuccessful in satisfying the preceding sentence, it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all the Registrable Securities
covered by any Registration Statement to be listed on each other national securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any,
on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities
is then permitted under the rules of such exchange or system. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying
its obligation under this Section 3.10.

3.11The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the prompt preparation and delivery of the Registrable Securities to
be offered pursuant to the Registration Statement.

3.12If requested by the Investor, and subject to express approval from the Companys legal counsel, the Company shall (i) as
soon as reasonably practical incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as the Investor reasonably
determines should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation,
information with respect to the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) make all required filings of
such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as reasonably possible after being notified of the matters to be incorporated
in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement if reasonably
requested by the Investor.

5

3.13The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by the applicable Registration
Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to facilitate the disposition
of such Registrable Securities.

3.14The Company shall otherwise use all commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC in connection with any registration hereunder.

3.15Within three (3) business day after the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC, the Company shall deliver to the
transfer agent for such Registrable Securities, with copies to the Investor, confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared
effective by the SEC.

3.16The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.

SECTION IV

OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR

4.1At least five (5) calendar days prior to the first anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, the Company shall notify
the Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from the Investor for the Registration Statement. It shall be a condition
precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the Registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities.
The Investor agrees to furnish to the Company that information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities and the intended method of
disposition of the Registrable Securities as shall reasonably be required to effect the registration of such Registrable Securities within
five (5) business days of receiving such information requests from the Company. The Investor shall execute such documents in connection
with such registration as the Company may reasonably request. The Investor covenants and agrees that, in connection with any sale of Registrable
Securities by it pursuant to the Registration Statement, it shall comply with the Plan of Distribution section of the then
current prospectus relating to such Registration Statement.

4.2The Investor, by its acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by
the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any Registration Statement hereunder, unless the Investor has notified the
Company in writing of an election to exclude all of the Investors Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

4.3The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of written notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in
Section 3.6 or the first sentence of 3.5, the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to
any Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented
or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3.6 or the first sentence of 3.5.

SECTION V

EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION

All legal expenses, other
than underwriting discounts and commissions and other than as set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement, incurred in connection with
registrations including comments, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration,
listing and qualifications fees, and printing fees shall be paid by the Company.

6

SECTION VI

INDEMNIFICATION

In the event any Registrable
Securities are included in the Registration Statement under this Agreement:

6.1To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company, under this Agreement, will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and
defend the Investor who holds Registrable Securities, the directors, officers, partners, employees, counsel, agents, representatives of,
and each Person, if any, who controls, any Investor within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the 1934 Act) (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several (collectively,
Claims), incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation
or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC,
whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages),
to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect
thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities
or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which the Investor has requested in writing that the Company register or qualify
the Shares (Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading,
(ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented,
if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any
material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made,
not misleading, or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, any other law, including, without
limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities
pursuant to the Registration Statement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being, collectively, Violations).
Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 6.3 the Company shall reimburse the Investor and each such controlling person, promptly
as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in
connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 6.1: (i) shall not apply to a Claim arising out of or based upon a Violation which is due to the inclusion
in the Registration Statement of the information furnished to the Company by any Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with
the preparation of the Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto; (ii) shall not be available to the
extent such Claim is based on (a) a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the
Company or (b) the Indemnified Persons use of an incorrect prospectus despite being promptly advised in advance by the Company
in writing not to use such incorrect prospectus; (iii) any omission of the Investor to notify the Company of any material fact that should
be stated in the Registration Statement or prospectus relating to the Investor or the manner of sale; and (iv) any amounts paid in settlement
of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified
Person and shall survive the resale of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to the Registration Statement.

7

6.2In connection with any Registration Statement in which Investor is participating, the Investor agrees to severally and jointly
indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6.1, the Company, each of its
directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement, each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning
of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act and the Companys agents (collectively and together with an Indemnified Person, an Indemnified
Party), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject, under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act
or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case to the extent, and
only to the extent, that such Violation is due to the inclusion in the Registration Statement of the written information furnished to
the Company by the Investor expressly for use in connection with such Registration Statement; and, subject to Section 6.3, the Investor
will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided,
however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6.2 and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section
7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Investor,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, further, however, that the Investor shall only be liable under this Section
6.2 for that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to such Investor as a result of the sale of
Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any
investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the resale of the Registrable Securities by the Investor
pursuant to the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained
in this Section 6.2 with respect to any preliminary prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Party if the untrue statement
or omission of material fact contained in the preliminary prospectus were corrected on a timely basis in the prospectus, as then amended
or supplemented. This indemnification provision shall apply separately to each Investor and liability hereunder shall not be joint and
several.

6.3Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any
action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party
shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party
a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the
indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with
counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be; provided,
however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to
be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party, the
representation by counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual
or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel
in such proceeding. The indemnifying party shall pay for only one (1) separate legal counsel for the Indemnified Persons or the Indemnified
Parties, as applicable, and such counsel shall be selected by the Investor, if the Investor is entitled to indemnification hereunder,
or the Company, if the Company is entitled to indemnification hereunder, as applicable. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall
cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the indemnifying
party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person
which relates to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised at
all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for
any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding affected without its written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party
shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the Indemnified Party
or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all
liability in respect to such Claim. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to
all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter
for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the
commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party
under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

8

6.4The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (I) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party
or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant
to the law.

SECTION VII

CONTRIBUTION

7.1 To the extent any indemnification
by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect
to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that:
(i) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for indemnification under the fault
standards set forth in Section 6; (ii) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning
of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation; and (iii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds
received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

SECTION VIII

REPORTS UNDER THE 1934 ACT

8.1With a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act or any other similar rule
or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration
(Rule 144), provided that the Investor holds any Registrable Securities are eligible for resale under Rule 144, the
Company agrees to:

a. make and keep adequate current public information available, as those terms are understood and defined
in Rule 144;

b. file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the
1933 Act and the 1934 Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood that nothing herein shall limit
the Companys obligations under Section 5(c) of the Equity Financing Agreement) and the filing of such reports and other documents
is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and

c. furnish to the Investor, promptly upon request, (I) a written statement by the Company that it has complied
with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report
of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested
to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

9

SECTION X

MISCELLANEOUS

9.1NOTICES. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement that must
be in writing will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email;
or (iii) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party
to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

With Copy to:

(which copy shall not constitute notice):

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

Attn: Scott A. Cox, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer

P.O. Box 67, Jacksboro, TX, 76458

Email: [__]

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attn: David Danovitch

Email: [__]

If to the Investor: 

GHS Investments, LLC

Attn: [__]

[__]

Email: [__]

Each party shall provide five
(5) business days prior notice to the other party of any change in address, phone number or email.

9.2NO WAIVERS. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party
in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

9.3NO ASSIGNMENTS. The rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be assignable.

9.4ENTIRE AGREEMENT/AMENDMENT. This Agreement and the other ELOC Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement among
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings,
other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein. This Agreement and the ELOC Transaction Documents supersede all prior agreements
and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. The provisions of this Agreement may
be amended only with the written consent of the Company and Investor.

9.5HEADINGS. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the
meaning hereof. Whenever required by the context of this Agreement, the singular shall include the plural and masculine shall include
the feminine. This Agreement shall not be construed as if it had been prepared by one of the parties, but rather as if all the parties
had prepared the same.

10

9.6COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different signatories hereto on separate
counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute but one and the
same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile transmission, PDF, electronic signature or other similar electronic means
with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

9.7FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.8SEVERABILITY. In case any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive in scope
or otherwise invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable to
the maximum extent possible, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not in any way be
affected or impaired thereby.

9.9Law Governing this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party
against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state or federal courts located
in New York City, New York. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action
instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens.
The parties executing this Agreement and other agreements referred to herein or delivered in connection herewith on behalf of the Company
agree to submit to the in personam jurisdiction of such courts and hereby irrevocably waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall
be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Agreement
or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then
such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such
statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other ELOC Transaction Documents by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

9.10NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and is not for the benefit
of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person, except that the Company acknowledges that the rights of the Investor
may be enforced by its general partner.

[Signature page follows]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Investor have caused this Agreement
to be executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first written above.

GHS INVESTMENTS, LLC.

By: /s/ Sarfraz Hajee

Name: Sarfraz Hajee

Title: Member

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

By: /s/ Scott A. Cox

Name: Scott A. Cox

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer 

and Chief Financial Officer

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT]

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022698201ex99-1_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Formation Minerals, Inc. Announces
Entry Into $10,000,000 Equity Financing Agreement with GHS Investments, LLC

Jacksboro,
Texas, Jan. 07, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Formation Minerals, Inc. (Formation or the Company) (OTCQB: FOMI),
a pure play oil and gas company based in Jacksboro, Texas, engaged in the acquisition and management of mineral and royalty interests
in lower risk, onshore oil and gas properties within the major oil and gas plays in the United States, today announced that on December
31, 2024, the Company entered into an Equity Financing Agreement (the Agreement) with GHS Investments, LLC (GHS),
a leading private investment and management group providing financial solutions for high-potential small cap companies, to raise up to
$10,000,000, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary conditions. GHS has successfully invested in multiple portfolio
companies in the small cap space seeking capital to grow and scale their existing businesses.

Under the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to GHS, and GHS is obligated
to purchase up to $10.0 million shares of the Companys common stock, subject to certain limitations set forth in the Agreement,
at an initial purchase price equal to eighty percent (80%) of the market price of such shares of common stock, and may occur from time
to time, at the Companys sole discretion, over the 24-month period commencing on the date on which the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) declares the registration statement covering the resale by GHS of the shares of common stock, which
have been and may be issued to GHS under the Agreement, effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). The Company intends to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Agreement, which will include additional information
regarding the terms of the Agreement, which will be available on the SECs website.

The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of any shares under the Agreement for general corporate and working capital purposes and
acquisitions of assets, businesses or operations or for other purposes that the board of directors of the Company, in good faith, deems
to be in the best interest of the Company.

The
capital from GHS is an important milestone for providing the foundation for growth and development following the Companys merger
transaction and uplist to the OTCQB. Formation has a unique business plan which allows for the opportunistic acquisition of revenue producing
assets in the energy sector. We will continue pursuing a true buy low and sell high strategy based upon our secure platform and are very
bullish on oil and gas at this time and look forward to capitalizing on the opportunities we see currently, said Scott Cox, Chief
Executive Officer of Formation, GHS has broad experience dealing with OTC companies and will continue to be a great partner. Were
grateful that they recognize the value in the Company and the services we provide. 

Our proactive approach allows
us to optimize our portfolio and invest in high-potential properties. Formation remains dedicated to continuously refining our asset mix,
maximizing returns, and creating sustainable value for our shareholders. Mr. Cox continued.

The shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to the Agreement will be issued and sold in reliance upon the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act, Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act, and/or upon such other exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the investments in Common Stock to be made pursuant
to the Agreement. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any shares of common stock
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Formation Minerals, Inc.

Formation is an oil and gas company
based in Jacksboro, Texas, focused on acquiring and managing high-growth oil and gas minerals and royalties in the premier U.S. basins.
The Company currently owns producing mineral, royalty, and overriding royalty interests in the DJ Basin of Colorado and Wyoming, the Haynesville
Shale of Louisiana, the Delaware and Permian Basin of Texas, the Marcellus and Utica shales in West Virginia, and the Anadarko Basin in
Oklahoma. The Company is focused on providing strong stockholder returns through asset growth generated by our acquisitions and organic
growth of the Companys properties.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements in this press release that
are not strictly historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements involve a high degree of risk and uncertainty,
are predictions only, and actual events or results may differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Words
such as believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend,
strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should,
will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other
statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to significant risks
and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results. Factors that could cause or contribute
to differences include whether the Company is able to sell any shares under the Agreement, the timing of filing a registration statement
with respect to the resal of such shares, the uncertainty regarding viability and market acceptance of the Companys products and
services; the ability to maintain the listing of its common stock on the OTCQB; the risk that we are not able to maintain and enhance
its brand and reputation in its marketplace, adversely affecting Formations business, financial condition and results of operations;
the risk that periods of rapid growth and expansion could place a significant strain on Formations resources, including its employee
base, which could negatively impact Formations operating results; changes in relationships with third parties; product mix sold
by the Company and other factors described in the Companys most recent periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. These filings identify
and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained
in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put
undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Formation assumes no obligation to, and does not intend to, update or revise these forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Formation does not give any
assurance that Formation will achieve its expectations.

Contact:

Jeff Ramson, CEO

PCG Advisory, Inc.

jramson@pcgadvisory.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fomi-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fomi-20241231_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fomi-20241231_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 31, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Entity File Number 001-41209

Entity Registrant Name FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001885336

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-2406468

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One P.O. Box 67

Entity Address, City or Town Jacksboro

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76458

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 217-4080

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://formationminerals.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0226982-8k_formation.htm 
fomi-20241231.xsd 
fomi-20241231_lab.xml 
fomi-20241231_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-001623-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0226982-8k_formation_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001885336 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001885336 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 
NV 
001-41209 
87-2406468 
P.O. Box 67 
Jacksboro 
TX 
76458 
972 
217-4080 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>