<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001053507-25-000002.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001053507-25-000002.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107070600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001053507-25-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001053507
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				650723837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14195
		FILM NUMBER:		25513460

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		116 HUNTINGTON AVE
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6173757500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		116 HUNTINGTON AVE
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN TOWER SYSTEMS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980128
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>amt-20250102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?amt-20250102

AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/000105350712-31false00010535072025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSus-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A1375SeniorNotesDue2025Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A1950SeniorNotesDue2026Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A0450SeniorNotesDue2027Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A0400SeniorNotesDue2027Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A4125SeniorNotesDue2027Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A0500SeniorNotesDue2028Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A0875SeniorNotesDue2029Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A0950SeniorNotesDue2030Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A3.900SeniorNotesDue2030Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A4625SeniorNotesDue2031Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A1000SeniorNotesDue2032Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A1250SeniorNotesDue2033Member2025-01-022025-01-020001053507exch:XNYSamt:A4.100SeniorNotesDue2034Member2025-01-022025-01-02

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): January 2, 2025

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 

001-14195 

65-0723837 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

116 Huntington Avenue

Boston, Massachusetts02116

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(617) 375-7500

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value AMT New York Stock Exchange

1.375% Senior Notes due 2025 AMT 25A New York Stock Exchange

1.950% Senior Notes due 2026 AMT 26B New York Stock Exchange

0.450% Senior Notes due 2027 AMT 27C New York Stock Exchange

0.400% Senior Notes due 2027 AMT 27D New York Stock Exchange

4.125% Senior Notes due 2027 AMT 27F New York Stock Exchange

0.500% Senior Notes due 2028 AMT 28A New York Stock Exchange

0.875% Senior Notes due 2029 AMT 29B New York Stock Exchange

0.950% Senior Notes due 2030 AMT 30C New York Stock Exchange

3.900% Senior Notes due 2030 AMT 30D New York Stock Exchange

4.625% Senior Notes due 2031 AMT 31B New York Stock Exchange

1.000% Senior Notes due 2032 AMT 32 New York Stock Exchange

1.250% Senior Notes due 2033 AMT 33 New York Stock Exchange

4.100% Senior Notes due 2034 AMT 34A New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

(c) On January 7, 2025, American Tower Corporation (the Company) announced that, effective January 13, 2025, Eugene M. Noel will become Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company.

Mr. Noel, 56, joined the Company in 2011 as Senior Vice President, U.S. Tower Operations, and prior to being appointed the Executive Vice President and President of the U.S. Tower Division in 2023, held the role of Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Tower. He brings over 25 years of experience in wireless real estate development and operations, including leadership positions held at Sprint Nextel and LightSquared prior to joining the Company.

The Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company considered the compensation arrangements with Mr. Noel in light of such promotion. Accordingly, on January 2, 2025, the Committee approved a new base salary and cash bonus incentive target for the year ending December 31, 2025 for Mr. Noel. The information in the table below sets forth the determinations of the Committee:

Name and Title 2025 Base Salary 

2025 Target Cash Bonus Potential

(% of Base Salary / $)

Eugene M. Noel, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer $ 630,000 125% / $787,500

Mr. Noel will also be recommended to the Committee to receive an equity award with an aggregate value of $3 million pursuant to the Companys 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, expected to be granted in March 2025, and to be allocated as follows: (a) 40% to restricted stock units (RSUs), and (b) 60% to performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs). Each PSU grant is based on a three-year performance period, with the performance goals set at the beginning of the performance period. Each RSU grant vests 1/3rd annually over three years, commencing one year from the date of grant. The number of shares subject to each of these awards will be determined using the closing price of the Companys common stock on the grant date.

There are no transactions involving the Company and Mr. Noel that the Company would be required to report pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

With Mr. Noel's transition to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Richard Rossi will become the Company's Executive Vice President and President, U.S. Tower, effective January 13, 2025. Mr. Rossi, currently Senior Vice President and General Counsel of U.S. Tower, a position he has held since 2018, joined the Company in 2001, and has held various U.S. Tower leadership positions throughout his tenure. 

A copy of the press release (the Press Release) announcing the appointment of Mr. Noel as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and the appointment of Mr. Rossi as Executive Vice President and President, U.S. Tower of the Company is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Effective January 3, 2025, the Board adopted an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated By-Laws (as so amended, the By-Laws) to remove the one year holding period for stockholders (who own at least twenty-five percent (25%) in the aggregate of the capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote) to call a special meeting. 

The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by the By-Laws of the Company, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d)Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of American Tower Corporation, effective as of January 3, 2025.

99.1 

Press Release, dated January 7, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION

(Registrant)

Date: January 7, 2025 By: /s/ Rodney M. Smith

Rodney M. Smith

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
HTML

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

BY-LAWS

OF 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 

(a
Delaware Corporation) 

Effective as of January 3, 2025 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 

(a
Delaware Corporation) 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I OFFICES 1 

SECTION 1. Registered Office 1 

SECTION 2. Other Offices 1 

ARTICLE II SEAL 1 

ARTICLE III MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 1 

SECTION 1. Place of Meeting 1 

SECTION 2. Annual Meetings 1 

SECTION 3. Special Meetings 1 

SECTION 4. Notice 1 

SECTION 5. Quorum and Adjournments 2 

SECTION 6. Votes; Proxies 2 

SECTION 7. Organization 3 

SECTION 8. Notice of Stockholder Proposal 3 

SECTION 9. Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting 5 

SECTION 10. Proxy Access 6 

ARTICLE IV DIRECTORS 12 

SECTION 1. Number 12 

SECTION 2. Term of Office 12 

SECTION 3. Vacancies 12 

SECTION 4. Removal by Stockholders 12 

SECTION 5. Procedure for Nominations by Stockholders 12 

SECTION 6. Meetings 15 

SECTION 7. Votes 15 

SECTION 8. Quorum and Adjournment 15 

SECTION 9. Compensation 15 

SECTION 10. Action By Consent of Directors 15 

ARTICLE V COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 15 

SECTION 1. Executive Committee 15 

SECTION 2. Audit Committee 16 

SECTION 3. Other Committees 17 

SECTION 4. Term of Office 17 

ARTICLE VI OFFICERS 18 

SECTION 1. Officers 18 

SECTION 2. Vacancies 18 

SECTION 3. Chair of the Board 18 

i 

SECTION 4. President 18 

SECTION 5. Executive Vice Presidents and Vice Presidents 18 

SECTION 6. Secretary 18 

SECTION 7. Assistant Secretaries 18 

SECTION 8. Treasurer 18 

SECTION 9. Assistant Treasurers 19 

SECTION 10. Controller 19 

SECTION 11. Assistant Controllers 19 

SECTION 12. Subordinate Officers 19 

SECTION 13. Compensation 19 

SECTION 14. Removal 19 

SECTION 15. Bonds 19 

ARTICLE VII CERTIFICATES OF STOCK 19 

SECTION 1. Form and Execution of Certificates 19 

SECTION 2. Transfer of Shares 20 

SECTION 3. Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record (Other than For Written Consents) 20 

SECTION 4. Lost or Destroyed Certificates 20 

SECTION 5. Uncertificated Shares 20 

ARTICLE VIII EXECUTION OF DOCUMENTS 21 

SECTION 1. Execution of Checks, Notes, etc. 21 

SECTION 2. Execution of Contracts, Assignments, etc. 21 

SECTION 3. Execution of Proxies 21 

ARTICLE IX INSPECTION OF BOOKS 21 

ARTICLE X FISCAL YEAR 21 

ARTICLE XI AMENDMENTS 21 

ii 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 

(a Delaware Corporation) 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED BY-LAWS

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

SECTION 1. Registered
Office. The registered office of American Tower Corporation (the Corporation) shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. 

SECTION 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of
Directors may from time to time appoint or the business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II 

SEAL 

The seal of the Corporation shall, subject
to alteration by the Board of Directors, consist of a flat-faced circular die with the word Delaware, together with the name of the Corporation and the year of incorporation, cut or engraved thereon. 

ARTICLE III 

MEETINGS OF
STOCKHOLDERS 

SECTION 1. Place of Meeting. Meetings of the stockholders shall be held either within or without the State of Delaware at such
place, if any, as the Board of Directors may fix from time to time. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that meetings of stockholders shall be held solely by means of remote communications. 

SECTION 2. Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors on such date and at such time as the
Board of Directors may fix from time to time. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. 

SECTION 3. Special Meetings.
Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the Chair of the Board of Directors, if there be one, the President or by the directors (either by written instrument signed by a majority or by resolution adopted by
a vote of the majority), and special meetings shall be called by the President or the Secretary whenever a stockholder or group of stockholders owning at least twenty-five percent (25%) in the aggregate of the capital stock issued, outstanding and
entitled to vote so request in writing. Such request of stockholders shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting and such purpose or purposes shall be included in the notice of meeting given by the Corporation pursuant to
Section 4 of this Article III. 

SECTION 4. Notice. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a
notice of the meeting shall be given that shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such
meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting) and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or
purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than
sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. Such notice may be delivered personally, by mail or by
any other manner allowed by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at
such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. 

1 

SECTION 5. Quorum and Adjournments. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of
Incorporation, the presence in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders of the holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, shall be requisite and shall
constitute a quorum. So long as the Certificate of Incorporation provides for more or less than one vote for any share, or any matter, every reference in these By-Laws to a majority or other proportion of
shares shall refer to such majority or other proportion of the votes of such shares. If two or more classes of stock are entitled to vote as separate classes upon any question, then, in the case of each such class, a quorum for the consideration of
such question shall, except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, consist of a majority in interest of all stock of that class issued, outstanding and entitled to vote. If a majority of the shares of capital stock of
the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat or, where a larger quorum is required, such quorum, shall not be represented at any meeting of the stockholders regularly called, the holders of a majority of the shares present or
represented by proxy and entitled to vote thereat shall have power to adjourn the meeting to another time, or to another time and place, without notice other than announcement of adjournment at the meeting, and there may be successive adjournments
for like cause and in like manner until the requisite amount of shares entitled to vote at such meeting shall be represented; provided, however, that if the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall
be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix as the record
date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to
each stockholder of record as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. Subject to the requirements of law and the Certificate of Incorporation, on any issue on which two or more classes of stock are entitled to vote
separately, no adjournment shall be taken with respect to any class for which a quorum is present unless the Chair of the meeting otherwise directs. At any meeting held to consider matters which were subject to adjournment for want of a quorum at
which the requisite amount of shares entitled to vote thereat shall be represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any
annual or special meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board of Directors, or by the President. The Chair of a meeting of stockholders may adjourn or recess such meeting once convened, whether or
not a quorum is present. 

SECTION 6. Votes; Proxies. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, at each meeting of
stockholders, every stockholder of record on the record date set by the Board of Directors for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, shall have one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote which is registered in
such stockholders name on the books of the Corporation. 

Each stockholder of record entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may vote in person
or may authorize another person or persons to vote for such stockholder by a proxy executed or transmitted in a manner permitted by the DGCL by the stockholder or such stockholders authorized agent and delivered (including by electronic
transmission, as defined in the DGCL) to the Secretary of the Corporation. No such proxy shall be voted upon after three years from the date of its execution, unless the proxy expressly provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall
be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is
coupled is an interest in the stock itself or any interest in the Corporation generally. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing with the Secretary of the Corporation an
instrument in writing or as otherwise permitted by law revoking the proxy or another duly executed proxy bearing a later date. 

Voting at meetings of
stockholders need not be by written ballot and, except as otherwise provided by law, need not be conducted by an inspector of election unless so determined by the Chair of the meeting or by the holders of shares of stock having a majority of the
votes which could be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon which are present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting. If it is required or determined that an inspector of election be appointed, the
Chair shall appoint one inspector of election, who shall first take and subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute the duties of an inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of their ability. The
inspectors so appointed shall take charge of the polls and, after the balloting, shall make a certificate of the result of the vote taken. No director or candidate for the office of director shall be appointed as such inspector. 

2 

Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, at any meeting at which a quorum is present, all action with respect to matters properly brought before such meeting taken by a majority of the votes properly cast, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, shall be valid and binding on the Corporation; provided, however, that the Board of Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes properly cast if the number of candidates properly nominated for
election as directors exceeds the number of directors to be elected as of the close of business on the record date for such meeting. For purposes of this Section 6 of this Article III, a majority of votes shall mean that the number of votes
properly cast for an action must exceed the number of votes properly cast against such action. 

SECTION 7.
Organization. The Chair of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or in the absence of a Chair, the Vice Chair, or in the absence of a Vice Chair, the President, or in the absence of the President, a Vice President, shall call meetings of
the stockholders to order and shall act as chair thereof. The Secretary of the Corporation, if present, shall act as secretary of all meetings of stockholders, and, in their absence, the presiding officer may appoint a secretary. 

SECTION 8. Notice of Stockholder Proposal. 

(a) At any meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be
properly brought before a meeting, business must be (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by the Corporation pursuant to Section 4 of this Article III, (ii) otherwise properly brought before the
meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof), or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice as provided in this
Section 8 of this Article III and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 8 of this Article III. 

(b) For any business to be properly brought before a meeting by a stockholder (other than the nomination of a person for election as a
director, which is governed exclusively by Section 10 of this Article III and Section 5 of Article IV of these By-Laws), the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the
Secretary of the Corporation (the Proposal Notice) and such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholders Proposal Notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the
Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) with respect to the regularly scheduled annual meeting of stockholders, not earlier than the one-hundred twentieth (120th) day and not
later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the first anniversary of the Corporations most recent annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that
is more than thirty (30) days before or more than seventy (70) days after such first anniversary date (other than as a result of adjournment), to be timely, the Proposal Notice must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not earlier than
the one-hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the
tenth (10th) day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting is first made by the Corporation; and (ii) with respect to any other meeting, not earlier than the
one-hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the date of such meeting or the tenth (10th) day
following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement of a meeting or an announcement thereof commence a new time period (or
extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders Proposal Notice as described above. 

(c) A stockholders Proposal
Notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting: (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting
such business at the meeting, and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the By-Laws of the Corporation, the language of the proposed amendment; (ii) as to the stockholder of record
giving such Proposal Notice and any beneficial owner on whose behalf such proposal is made, (A) the name and address of such stockholder, such beneficial owner and any person controlling, 

3 

controlled by or under common control with the foregoing (any such person other than the stockholder, a Stockholder Associated Person), (B) the class and number of shares of stock of
the Corporation which are, directly or indirectly, owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and by any Stockholder Associated Person (naming such Stockholder Associated Person), respectively, as of the date of such Proposal Notice,
(C) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including, without limitation, any swap or other derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, hedging transactions, securities lending or borrowing arrangement, and
arrangements granting performance-related fees (other than asset-based fees)) to which such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person is, directly or indirectly, a party as of the date of such Proposal Notice (x) with respect to shares
of stock of the Corporation or (y) the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage the potential risk or benefit of stock price changes (increases or decreases) for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or
any Stockholder Associated Person, with respect to securities of the Corporation or which may have payments based in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, on the value (or change in value) of any class or series of securities of the Corporation,
(D) any agreements that would be required to be described or reported pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of Schedule 13D (regardless of whether the requirements to file a Schedule 13D are applicable to such stockholder or beneficial owner) (any
agreement, arrangement or understanding of a type described in clauses (C) and (D), a Covered Arrangement), and (E) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at
such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business; (iii) a description of any direct or indirect material interest of the stockholder of record and of any Stockholder Associated Person in such
business (whether by holdings of securities, by virtue of being a creditor or contractual counterparty of the Corporation or of a third party, or otherwise), and all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such stockholder and such
Stockholder Associated Person, and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) in connection with the proposal of such business by the stockholder; (iv) if the stockholder of record or any Stockholder Associated Person intends
(whether by itself or as part of a group) to solicit proxies in support of such proposal, a representation to that effect, including the name of each participant in such solicitation; (v) any other information relating to such stockholder and
any Stockholder Associated Person, if any, required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the proposal pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (vi) an agreement that the stockholder of record and any Stockholder Associated Person will notify the Corporation in writing of the information set forth in clauses
(ii)(B), (ii)(C)-(E) and (iii) above as of the record date for the meeting promptly (and, in any event, within five (5) business days) following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record date is first disclosed by
public disclosure, and will update and supplement such information, if necessary, so that all such information shall be true and correct as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the annual meeting or any adjournment or
postponement thereof, and such update and supplement (or a written certification that no such updates or supplements are necessary and that the information previously provided remains true and correct as of the applicable date) shall be delivered
to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than seven (7) business days prior to the date of the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. For
the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this Section 8(c) of this Article III shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies in a Proposal Notice, or enable or be deemed to
permit a stockholder who has previously submitted a Proposal Notice to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding matters, business or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of
stockholders. The foregoing notice requirements of this paragraph (c) of this Section 8 of this Article III shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder with respect to business other than a nomination if the stockholder has notified the
Corporation of their or its intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and such stockholders proposal has been included in a proxy statement that
has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such meeting. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything in these By-Laws to the contrary, no business (other than the nomination of a person for election as a director, which is governed exclusively by Section 10 of this Article III and Section 5 of Article IV of these By-Laws, and matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and included in the Corporations notice of meeting) shall be conducted at any meeting of
stockholders except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 8 of this Article III. The Chair of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare that business was not properly brought before the meeting in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 8 of this Article III, and if they should so determine, they shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 

4 

(e) For purposes of this Section 8 of this Article III, Section 10 of this Article
III and Section 5 of Article IV of these By-Laws, public disclosure shall be deemed to include a disclosure made in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Services, Associated Press or a
comparable national news service or in a document filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

SECTION 9. Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. 

(a) Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted by the DGCL to be taken at any annual or
special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding
stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to
its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations
registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 

(b) In order that the Corporation may
determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted
by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. Any stockholder of record seeking to have the stockholders
authorize or take corporate action by written consent shall, by written notice to the Secretary, request that the Board of Directors fix a record date. The Board of Directors shall promptly, but in all events within ten (10) days after the date
on which such written notice is received, adopt a resolution fixing the record date (unless a record date has previously been fixed by the Board of Directors pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 9(b) of this Article III). If no record
date has been fixed by the Board of Directors pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 9(b) of this Article III or otherwise within ten (10) days after the date on which such written notice is received, the record date for
determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be the first date after the expiration of such ten (10) day time
period on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or to any officer or agent of the
Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 9(b) of this Article III, the record
date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law shall be at the close of business on the date on which the Board of
Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 

(c) In the event of the delivery, in the manner provided by this Section 9
of this Article III and applicable law, to the Corporation of written consent or consents to take corporate action and/or any related revocation or revocations, the Corporation shall engage independent inspectors of elections for the purpose of
performing promptly a ministerial review of the validity of the consents and revocations. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no action by written consent and without a meeting shall be effective until such
inspectors have completed their review, determined that the requisite number of valid and unrevoked consents delivered to the Corporation in accordance with this Section 9 of this Article III and applicable law have been obtained to authorize
or take the action specified in the consents, and certified such determination for entry in the records of the Corporation kept for the purpose of recording the proceedings of meetings of stockholders. Nothing contained in this Section 9(c) of
this Article III shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Board of Directors or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any consent or revocation thereof, whether before or after such certification by the
independent inspectors, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 

5 

(d) Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the
consent and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty (60) days after the earliest dated written consent received in accordance with this Section 9 of this Article III, a
valid written consent or valid written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take such action are delivered to the Corporation in the manner prescribed in this Section 9 of this Article III and applicable law, and not
revoked. 

(e) Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall, to the
extent required by law, be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such meeting had been the
date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take the action were delivered to the Corporation. In the event that the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section
of the DGCL other than Section 228 thereof, if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, the certificate filed under such other section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote
of stockholders, that written consent has been given in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL, and that written notice has been given as provided in such Section 228. 

SECTION 10. Proxy Access. 

(a)
Inclusion of Nominee in Proxy Materials. Whenever the Board of Directors solicits proxies with respect to the election of directors at an annual meeting of stockholders, subject to the provisions of this Section 10 of this Article III,
the Corporation shall include in its proxy materials for such annual meeting, in addition to any persons nominated for election by the Board of Directors or a committee appointed by the Board of Directors, the name, together with the Required
Information (as defined below), of any person nominated for election (a Stockholder Nominee) to the Board of Directors by a stockholder, or by a group of no more than twenty (20) stockholders, that has satisfied (individually or, in
the case of a group, collectively) all applicable conditions and has complied with all applicable procedures set forth in this Section 10 of this Article III (an Eligible Stockholder, which shall include an eligible stockholder
group), and that expressly elects at the time of providing the notice required by this Section 10 of this Article III (the Nomination Proxy Notice) to have its nominee included in the Corporations proxy materials for such
annual meeting pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III. 

(b) Required Information. For purposes of this
Section 10 of this Article III, the Required Information that the Corporation will include in its proxy materials is (i) the information concerning the Stockholder Nominee(s) and the Eligible Stockholder that is required to be
disclosed in the Corporations proxy statement by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated under the Exchange Act; and (ii) if the Eligible Stockholder so elects, a Supporting Statement (as defined
below). 

(c) Delivery of Nomination Proxy Notice. To be timely, a stockholders Nomination Proxy Notice must be delivered to,
or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the one-hundred fiftieth (150th) day and not later than the close of business
on the one-hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the release date of the Corporations proxy materials for its most recent annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that
in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is more than thirty (30) days before or more than seventy (70) days after the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting (other than as a result of
adjournment), or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, to be timely, the Nomination Proxy Notice must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not later than the close of business on the later of the
one-hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was first made by the
Corporation. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or an announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Nomination Proxy Notice as described above. 

(d) Maximum Number of Stockholder Nominees. 

(i) The maximum aggregate number of Stockholder Nominees nominated by all Eligible Stockholders that will be included in the
Corporations proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders shall not exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the number of directors in office as of the last day on which a Nomination Proxy Notice may be delivered pursuant to
this Section 10 of this Article III, or if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number below twenty-five percent (25%); 

6 

provided, however, that this number shall be reduced by (1) any Stockholder Nominee whose name was submitted by an Eligible Stockholder for inclusion in the Corporations proxy
materials pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III but either is subsequently withdrawn or that the Board of Directors decides to nominate for election and (2) the number of incumbent directors who were Stockholder Nominees at any
of the preceding two annual meetings (including any individual covered under clause (1) above) and whose election at the upcoming annual meeting is being recommended by the Board of Directors. In the event that one or more vacancies for any
reason occurs on the Board of Directors after the deadline set forth in Section 10(c) of this Article III above but before the date of the annual meeting and the Board of Directors resolves to reduce the size of the Board in connection
therewith, the maximum number shall be calculated based on the number of directors in office as so reduced. 

(ii) Any
Eligible Stockholder submitting more than one Stockholder Nominee for inclusion in the Corporations proxy materials pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III shall rank such Stockholder Nominees based on the order in which the
Eligible Stockholder desires such Stockholder Nominees be selected for inclusion in the Corporations proxy materials. In the event that the number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Stockholders pursuant to this Section 10 of
this Article III exceeds the maximum number of nominees provided for pursuant to subsection (d)(i) above, the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 10 of this Article III of each Eligible Stockholder
will be selected for inclusion in the Corporations proxy materials until the maximum number is reached, going in order by the number (largest to smallest) of shares of common stock of the Corporation each Eligible Stockholder disclosed as
Owned (as defined below) in its respective Nomination Proxy Notice submitted to the Corporation pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III. If the maximum number is not reached after the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the
requirements of this Section 10 of each Eligible Stockholder has been selected, this process will continue with the next highest ranked nominees as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the maximum number is
reached. 

(e) Ownership. For purposes of this Section 10 of this Article III only, an Eligible Stockholder shall be deemed to
Own only those outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation as to which the stockholder possesses both (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares and (ii) the full economic interest in
(including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares; provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares (x) sold by such stockholder or any of its
affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, including any short sale, (y) borrowed by such stockholder or any of its affiliates for any purpose, or purchased by such stockholder or any of its affiliates subject to an
agreement to resell, or (z) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, or other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such stockholder or any of its affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement
is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares of common stock of the Corporation, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, or if exercised would have, the purpose or
effect of (1) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such stockholders or its affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and/or (2) hedging, offsetting or altering to any
degree any gain or loss realized or realizable from maintaining the full economic ownership of such shares by such stockholder or affiliate. A stockholder shall Own shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as
the stockholder retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A stockholders Ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any
period in which (i) the person has loaned such shares, provided that the person has the power to recall such loaned shares on no longer than five (5) business days notice and includes with the Nomination Proxy Notice an agreement
that it (A) will promptly recall such loaned shares upon being notified by the Corporation that any of its Stockholder Nominees will be included in the Corporations proxy materials and (B) will continue to hold such recalled shares
through the date of the annual meeting; or (ii) the person has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement that is revocable at any time by the person. The terms Owned,
Owning and other variations of the word Own shall have correlative meanings. Whether outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation are Owned for purposes of this Section 10 of this Article III shall
be determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Corporation and its stockholders. For purposes of this Section 10 of this Article III, the term affiliate
or affiliates shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

7 

(f) Eligible Stockholder. In order to make a nomination pursuant to this
Section 10 of this Article III, an Eligible Stockholder or group of up to twenty (20) Eligible Stockholders must have Owned (as defined above) continuously for at least three (3) years at least the number of shares of common stock of
the Corporation that shall constitute three percent (3%) or more of the voting power of the outstanding common stock of the Corporation (the Required Shares) as of (i) the date on which the Nomination Proxy Notice is delivered to,
or mailed to and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation in accordance with this Section 10 of this Article III, (ii) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, and (iii) the date of the
annual meeting. For purposes of this Section 10 of this Article III, two or more funds or trusts that are (A) under common management and investment control, (B) under common management and funded primarily by the same employer, or
(C) a group of investment companies, as such term is defined in Section 12(d)(1)(G)(ii) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (each, a Qualifying Fund), shall be treated as one stockholder or beneficial
owner. 

No person may be a member of more than one group of persons constituting an Eligible Stockholder under this Section 10 of
this Article III. If a group of stockholders aggregates Ownership of shares in order to meet the requirements under this Section 10 of this Article III, (x) all shares held by each stockholder constituting their contribution to the
foregoing three percent (3%) threshold must have been held by that stockholder continuously for at least three (3) years and through the date of the annual meeting, and evidence of such continuous Ownership shall be provided as specified in
subsection 10(g) below, (y) each provision in this Section 10 of this Article III that requires the Eligible Stockholder to provide any written statements, representations, undertakings, agreements or other instruments or to meet any other
conditions shall be deemed to require each stockholder (including each individual fund) that is a member of such group to provide such statements, representations, undertakings, agreements or other instruments and to meet such other conditions
(except that the members of such group may aggregate their shareholdings in order to meet the three percent (3%) Ownership requirement of the Required Shares definition), and (z) a breach of any obligation, agreement or
representation under this Section 10 of this Article III by any member of such group shall be deemed a breach by the Eligible Stockholder. 

(g) Information to be Provided by Eligible Stockholder. Within the time period specified in this Section 10 of this Article III
for providing the Nomination Proxy Notice, an Eligible Stockholder making a nomination pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III must provide the following information in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal
executive offices of the Corporation: 

(i) one or more written statements from the Eligible Stockholder (and from each
other record holder of the shares and intermediary through which the shares are or have been held during the requisite three (3)-year holding period) specifying the number of shares of common stock of the Corporation that the Eligible Stockholder
Owns, and has continuously Owned for three (3) years preceding the date of the Nomination Proxy Notice, and the Eligible Stockholders agreement to provide, within five (5) business days after the later of the record date for the
annual meeting and the date on which the record date is first publicly disclosed by the Corporation, written statements from the Eligible Stockholder, the record holder and intermediaries verifying the Eligible Stockholders continuous
Ownership of the Required Shares through the record date, together with any additional information reasonably requested to verify such persons continuous Ownership, provided that statements meeting the requirements of Schedule 14N will be
deemed to fulfill this requirement; 

(ii) the written consent of each Stockholder Nominee to being named in the proxy
statement and form of proxy (and to not be named in any other persons proxy statement or form of proxy) as a nominee and to serving as a director of the Corporation if elected, together with the information and representations that would be
required to be set forth in a stockholders notice of a nomination pursuant to Section 5 of Article IV of these By-Laws;

(iii) a representation and undertaking (1) that the Eligible Stockholder (A) did not acquire, and is not holding,
securities of the Corporation for the purpose or with the effect of influencing or changing control of the Corporation; (B) has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting any person other
than the Stockholder Nominee(s) being nominated by it pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III, (C) has not engaged and will not engage in, and has not and will not be a participant in another persons,
solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the annual meeting other than its

8 

Stockholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board of Directors, (D) has not and will not distribute to any stockholder any form of proxy for the annual meeting other than the form distributed
by the Corporation, and (E) will Own the Required Shares through the date of the annual meeting of stockholders; (2) that the facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its stockholders are and
will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit or fail to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and (3) as
to whether or not the Eligible Stockholder intends to maintain qualifying Ownership of the Required Shares for at least one year following the annual meeting; 

(iv) in the case of a nomination by a group of stockholders that together is an Eligible Stockholder, the designation by all
group members of one group member that is authorized to receive communications, notices and inquiries from the Corporation and to act on behalf of all such members with respect to the nomination and all matters related thereto, including any
withdrawal of the nomination, and the acceptance by such group member of such designation; 

(v) an undertaking that the
Eligible Stockholder agrees to (A) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Eligible Stockholders communications with the stockholders of the Corporation or out of the information that the
Eligible Stockholder provided to the Corporation, (B) indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation and each of its directors, officers and employees individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending
action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers or employees arising out of any nomination, solicitation or other activity by the Eligible Stockholder in
connection with its efforts to elect the Stockholder Nominee(s) pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III, and (C) comply with all other laws, rules and regulations applicable to any actions taken pursuant to this Section 10 of
this Article III, including the nomination and any solicitation in connection with the annual meeting of stockholders; 

(vi) in the case of a Qualifying Fund whose share Ownership is counted for purposes of qualifying as an Eligible Stockholder,
documentation from the Qualifying Fund reasonably satisfactory to the Board of Directors that demonstrates that it meets the requirements of a Qualifying Fund set forth in Section 10(f) of this Article III above; and 

(vii) any other information as the Corporation may reasonably request, delivered within ten (10) business days of such
request. 

(h) Supporting Statement. The Eligible Stockholder may provide to the Secretary of the Corporation, at the time the
information required by this Section 10 of this Article III is provided, a written statement for inclusion in the Corporations proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders, not to exceed five hundred (500) words, in support
of the Stockholder Nominee(s) candidacy (the Supporting Statement). Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10 of this Article III to the contrary, the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any information or
Supporting Statement (or portion thereof) that it, in good faith, believes (i) is not true in all material respects or omits or fails to state a material statement necessary to make such information or Supporting Statement (or portion thereof)
not misleading; (ii) directly or indirectly impugns the character, integrity or personal reputation of, or directly or indirectly makes charges concerning improper, illegal or immoral conduct or associations, without factual foundation, with
respect to, any person; or (iii) violates any applicable law, rule, regulation or listing standard. Nothing in this Section 10 of this Article III shall limit the Corporations ability to solicit against and include in its proxy
materials its own statements relating to any Eligible Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee. 

(i) Representations and Agreement of the
Stockholder Nominee. Within the time period specified in this Section 10 of this Article III for delivering the Nomination Proxy Notice, a Stockholder Nominee must deliver to the Secretary of the Corporation a written representation and
agreement, in the form prescribed by the Board of Directors, that the Stockholder Nominee (i) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person
or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question, (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than
the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or 

9 

action as a Stockholder Nominee or director other than as has been disclosed to the Corporation, and if elected as a director of the Corporation, will not agree or accept any increase in the
amount or scope, as applicable, of any such compensation, reimbursement or indemnification, and (iii) would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with applicable law and the Corporations Corporate
Governance Guidelines and other policies applicable to directors generally. At the request of the Corporation, the Stockholder Nominee must promptly, but in any event within five (5) business days of such request, submit all completed and
signed questionnaires, in the form prescribed by the Board of Directors, required of the Corporations directors and officers. The Corporation may request such additional information (x) as may be reasonably necessary to permit the Board
of Directors or any committee thereof to determine if each Stockholder Nominee is independent under the listing standards of the principal U.S. exchange upon which the Corporations common stock is listed, any applicable rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the Corporations directors (the Applicable Independence Standards) and otherwise to
determine the eligibility of each Stockholder Nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation, or (y) that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of each Stockholder Nominee.

(j) True, Correct and Complete Information. In the event that any information or communications provided by any Eligible
Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee to the Corporation or its stockholders is not, when provided, or thereafter ceases to be, true, correct and complete in all material respects (including omitting or failing to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading), such Eligible Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Secretary of the Corporation and provide the
information that is required to make such information or communication true, correct, complete and not misleading; it being understood that providing any such notification shall not be deemed to cure any such defect or limit the Corporations
right to omit a Stockholder Nominee from its proxy materials pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III. In addition, any person providing any information to the Corporation pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III shall
further update and supplement such information, if necessary, so that all such information shall be true and correct as of the record date for the annual meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the annual meeting or
any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement (or a written certification that no such updates or supplements are necessary and that the information previously provided remains true and correct as of the applicable date)
shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the later of the record date for the annual meeting and the
date on which the record date is first publicly disclosed by the Corporation (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than seven (7) business days prior to the date of the annual
meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the annual meeting). Any Eligible Stockholder that no longer intends to nominate a
Stockholder Nominee as a director of the Corporation, or no longer intends to solicit proxies for the election of a Stockholder Nominee as a director of the Corporation, shall promptly notify the Corporation. 

(k) Limitation on Stockholder Nominees. Any Stockholder Nominee who is included in the Corporations proxy materials for a
particular annual meeting of stockholders but either (i) withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at such annual meeting, or (ii) does not receive at least twenty percent (20%) of the votes cast for the
Stockholder Nominees election, will be ineligible to be a Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III for the next two (2) annual meetings of stockholders. Any Eligible Stockholder (including each stockholder,
each Qualifying Fund comprising one stockholder or person under Section 10(f) of this Article III, and/or each beneficial owner whose stock ownership is counted as part of a group for the purposes of qualifying as an Eligible Stockholder) whose
Stockholder Nominee is elected as a director at the annual meeting of stockholders will not be eligible to nominate or participate in the nomination of a Stockholder Nominee for the following three (3) annual meetings of stockholders other than
the nomination of such previously nominated and elected Stockholder Nominee. 

(l) Exceptions. Notwithstanding anything in this
Section 10 of this Article III to the contrary, the Corporation shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III, any Stockholder Nominee in its proxy materials for any meeting of stockholders (i) if
the Eligible Stockholder who has nominated such Stockholder Nominee has engaged in or is currently engaged in, or has been or is a participant in another persons, solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any 

10 

individual as a director at the meeting other than its Stockholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board of Directors, (ii) if the Corporation receives notice pursuant to Section 5 of
Article IV of these By-Laws that any stockholder intends to nominate any nominee for election to the Board of Directors at such meeting, (iii) who is not independent under the Applicable Independence
Standards, as determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, (iv) whose nomination or election as a member of the Board of Directors would cause the Corporation to be in violation of these
By-Laws, the Certificate of Incorporation, the rules and listing standards of the principal exchanges upon which the Corporations shares of common stock are listed or traded, or any applicable law, rule
or regulation, (v) who is or has been, within the past three (3) years, an officer or director of a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, (vi) if such Stockholder Nominee (or any associate of such
Stockholder Nominee) is a party to or has an economic interest in the outcome of any ongoing litigation, claim, action, suit, arbitration or other proceeding or investigation adverse to the Corporation, (vii) who is a named subject of a pending
criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted in such a criminal proceeding within the past ten (10) years, (viii) who is subject to any order of the type specified in Rule 506(d) of
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time (the Securities Act), (ix) if such Stockholder Nominee or the applicable Eligible Stockholder shall have provided information to the Corporation in
respect to such nomination that was untrue in any material respect or omitted or failed to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading, as determined by
the Board of Directors, (x) if such Stockholder Nominee or the applicable Eligible Stockholder otherwise contravenes any of the agreements or representations made by such Stockholder Nominee or Eligible Stockholder or fails to comply with its
obligations pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III, or (xi) if the applicable Eligible Stockholder ceases to be an Eligible Stockholder for any reason, including but not limited to not Owning the Required Shares through the date
of the applicable annual meeting of stockholders. 

(m) Disqualifications. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10 of this
Article III to the contrary, if (i) a Stockholder Nominee is determined not to satisfy the eligibility requirements of this Section 10 of this Article III or any other provision of the Corporations
By-Laws, Certificate of Incorporation, Corporate Governance Guidelines or other applicable regulation at any time before the annual meeting (whether or not already included in the Corporations proxy
materials for the annual meeting), (ii) a Stockholder Nominee and/or the applicable Eligible Stockholder shall have breached any of its obligations, agreements or representations or fails to comply with its obligations under this Section 10 of
this Article III, (iii) the applicable Eligible Stockholder (or a qualified representative thereof) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders to present any nomination pursuant to this Section 10 of this Article III,
(iv) a Stockholder Nominee dies, becomes disabled or otherwise becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at the annual meeting, or (v) the applicable Eligible Stockholder otherwise ceases to be an Eligible Stockholder for any reason,
including but not limited to not Owning the Required Shares through the date of the applicable annual meeting of stockholders, in each of clauses (i) through (v) as determined by the Board of Directors, any committee thereof or the person
presiding at the annual meeting, (x) the Corporation may omit or, to the extent feasible, remove the information concerning such Stockholder Nominee and the related Supporting Statement from its proxy materials and/or otherwise communicate to
its stockholders that such Stockholder Nominee will not be eligible for election at the annual meeting, (y) the Corporation shall not be required to include in its proxy materials any successor or replacement nominee proposed by the applicable
Eligible Stockholder or any other Eligible Stockholder and (z) the Board of Directors or the person presiding at the annual meeting shall declare such nomination to be invalid and such nomination shall be disregarded notwithstanding that
proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation and counted for the purpose of determining a quorum. 

(n)
Filing Obligation. The Eligible Stockholder (including any person who Owns shares of common stock of the Corporation that constitute part of the Eligible Stockholders Ownership for purposes of satisfying Section 10(e) of this
Article III) shall file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any solicitation or other communication with the Corporations stockholders relating to the meeting at which the Stockholder Nominee will be nominated, regardless of whether
any such filing is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or whether any exemption from filing is available for such solicitation or other communication under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. 

11 

ARTICLE IV 

DIRECTORS 

SECTION 1. Number. The
business and affairs of the Corporation shall be conducted and managed by a Board of Directors consisting of not less than one director, none of whom needs to be a stockholder. The number of directors shall be fixed at each annual meeting of
stockholders, but if the number is not so fixed, the number shall remain as it stood immediately prior to such meeting. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders shall elect directors. 

At any time during any year, except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these By-Laws,
the number of directors may be increased or reduced, in each case by vote of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote for the election of directors or by resolution of the
directors. No reduction in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any director. 

SECTION 2. Term of Office. Each director shall
hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successor is duly elected and qualified or until their earlier death or resignation, subject to the right of the stockholders at any time to remove any director or directors
as provided in Section 4 of this Article IV. 

SECTION 3. Vacancies. If any vacancy shall occur among the directors, or if the number of
directors shall at any time be increased, the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, by a majority vote may fill the vacancies or newly-created directorships, or any such vacancies or newly-created directorships may be filled by the
stockholders at any meeting. 

SECTION 4. Removal by Stockholders. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or
otherwise, the holders of record of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors may, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, remove any director or directors,
with or without cause, and, in their discretion, elect a new director or directors in place thereof. 

SECTION 5. Procedure for Nominations by
Stockholders. 

(a) Any stockholder of record as of the time of the giving of notice as provided in this Section 5 of this Article
IV and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote for the election of a director at any meeting of stockholders, may nominate one or more persons for such election only if such stockholder complies with the notice procedures set forth in
this Section 5 of this Article IV. In the case of a special meeting of stockholders at which the Board of Directors gives notice that directors are to be elected, a stockholder may nominate one or more persons for election only as provided in
this Section 5 of this Article IV and only for such position(s) as are specified in the Corporations notice of meeting as being up for election at such meeting. 

(b) To nominate a person for election as a director, whether or not such stockholder intends to request inclusion of such nomination in any
proxy materials to be distributed by the Corporation, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation (the Nomination Notice). To be timely, a stockholders Nomination Notice must
be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) with respect to the regularly scheduled annual meeting of stockholders, not earlier than the one-hundred twentieth (120th) day and not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the first anniversary of the Corporations most recent annual meeting of stockholders; provided,
however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is more than thirty (30) days before or more than seventy (70) days after such first anniversary date (other than as a result of adjournment), to be timely, the
Nomination Notice must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not earlier than the one-hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the
later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting is first made by the Corporation; and (ii) with respect to any
other meeting, not earlier than the one-hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the date of
such meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of a meeting or an announcement thereof commence a new
time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders Nomination Notice as described above. 

12 

(c) A stockholders Nomination Notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set
forth: (i) as to the stockholder of record giving such Nomination Notice and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, (A) the name and address of such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person, (B) the
class and number of shares of stock of the Corporation which are, directly or indirectly, owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and by such Stockholder Associated Person, respectively, as of the date of such Nomination Notice,
(C) a description of any Covered Arrangement to which such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person is, directly or indirectly, a party as of the date of such Nomination Notice, (D) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of
record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the Nomination Notice, (E) a representation as to whether such
stockholder, any proposed nominee or any Stockholder Associated Person intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation representing at least 67% of the voting power of shares of stock
entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of each nominee, in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, and (F) any other information relating to such stockholder and Stockholder
Associated Person, if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with a solicitation of proxies for the election of directors pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, and each nominee or any other person or persons (naming
such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the stockholder; (iii) if the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends (whether by itself or as part of a group) to solicit proxies in
support of such nomination, a representation to that effect; (iv) as to each person the stockholder of record proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, (A) the name, age, business address, residential address and
principal occupation or employment of such nominee, (B) a description of any Covered Arrangement to which such nominee or any of their affiliates is a party as of the date of such Nomination Notice, (C) a description of any direct and
indirect compensation or other material monetary agreements, arrangements or understandings during the past three (3) years, and any other material relationships, between or among the stockholder of record giving such Nomination Notice and any
Stockholder Associated Person, on the one hand, and such nominee and any of their affiliates, on the other hand, (D) the written consent of such nominee to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if so
elected, (E) a statement tendering, promptly following the stockholder meeting at which such nominee is elected or re-elected as director, an irrevocable resignation that will be effective upon
(a) the failure to receive the required vote at the next stockholder meeting at which they face re-election and (b) Board acceptance of such resignation, (F) a representation that such nominee
intends to serve as a director of the Corporation for the full term for which such person is standing for election, and (G) all other information relating to such nominee as would have been required to be included in a proxy statement filed in
connection with a solicitation of proxies for the election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (v) a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been or is concurrently being
filed by such stockholder with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Rule 14a-18 under the Exchange Act, as such rule may be amended; (vi) the details of any relationship that existed
within the past three (3) years and that would have been described pursuant to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14N (or any successor item) if it existed on the date of submission of Schedule 14N; (vii) if applicable, information satisfying the
requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act; and (viii) an agreement that the stockholder of record and any Stockholder Associated Person will notify the Corporation in writing of the information
set forth in clauses (i)(B), (i)(C), (ii), (iv), (v) and (viii) above as of the record date for the meeting promptly (and, in any event, within five (5) business days) following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record
date is first disclosed by public disclosure, and will update and supplement such information, if necessary, so that all such information shall be true and correct as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the annual meeting or any
adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement (or a written certification that no such updates or supplements are necessary and that the information previously provided remains true and correct as of the applicable date) shall
be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than seven (7) business days prior to the date of the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement
thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this Section 5(c) of this Article IV shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies in a Nomination Notice, or enable
or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted a Nomination Notice to amend or update any nomination or to submit any new nomination, including by 

13 

changing or adding nominees. The foregoing notice requirements of this paragraph (c) of this Section 5 of this Article IV shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder with respect to a
nomination if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of their or its intention to present the nomination at an annual meeting in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and such stockholders
nomination has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. 

(d) The procedures set forth in this Section 5 of this Article IV for nominations of candidates for election as directors by stockholders
are in addition to, and not in limitation of, any procedures now in effect or hereafter adopted by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof. Notwithstanding anything in these
By-Laws to the contrary, if the Chair determines that a nomination of any candidate for election as a director was not made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 5 of this Article IV
or any other applicable procedures now in effect or hereafter adopted by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, such nomination shall be void. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5 of this Article IV, any stockholder intending to make a nomination at a
meeting in accordance with this Section 5 of this Article IV, and any related beneficial owner, shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set
forth in these By-Laws; provided, however, that any references in these By-Laws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not
limit the requirements applicable to nominations made or intended to be made in accordance with this Section 5 of this Article IV. Nothing in this Section 5 of this Article IV shall be deemed to affect any rights of the holders of any
series of Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. 

(f) To be
eligible to be a nominee for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation, a person must deliver (not later than the deadline prescribed for delivery of notice under this Section 5 of this
Article IV) to the Secretary of the Corporation a written questionnaire, in the form prescribed by the Board of Directors, with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose
behalf the nomination is being made and a written representation and agreement, in the form prescribed by the Board of Directors, that such person (i) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and
has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question; (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed
therein; and (iii) in such persons individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, if elected as a director, and will comply with, applicable law and the
Corporations Corporate Governance Guidelines and other policies applicable to directors generally. The foregoing questionnaire and written agreement shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request. The Corporation may require any
proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders
understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee. 

(g) Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from
other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Board of Directors. If any stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person provides notice pursuant to Rule
14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act, such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person shall deliver to the Corporation, within five (5) business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence
that it has met the requirements of Rule l4a-19 under the Exchange Act. 

(h) Notwithstanding
anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act with
respect to any Stockholder Nominee and (ii) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, or
fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, then the
nomination of each such Stockholder Nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such Stockholder Nominee may have been received by the Corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded
except for the purpose of determining a quorum). 

14 

SECTION 6. Meetings. Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such place, within or
without the State of Delaware, as may from time to time be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors or by the Chair of the Board, if there be one, or by the President, and as may be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of any meeting.
Meetings may be held at any time upon the call of the Chair of the Board, if there be one, or the President or any two (2) of the directors in office by oral, telecopy or other form of electronic transmission, or written notice, duly served or
sent to each director not less than twenty-four (24) hours before such meeting, except that, if mailed, not less than seventy two (72) hours before such meeting. 

Meetings may be held at any time and place without notice if all the directors are present and do not object to the holding of such meeting for lack of proper
notice or if those not present shall, in writing or by telecopy or other form of electronic transmission, waive notice thereof. A regular meeting of the Board may be held without notice immediately following the annual meeting of stockholders at the
place where such meeting is held. Regular meetings of the Board may also be held without notice at such time and place as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of
Incorporation or otherwise, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof need be specified in any written waiver of notice. 

Members of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of such Board or committee by means of conference telephone or other
communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other and participation in a meeting pursuant to the foregoing provisions shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

SECTION 7. Votes. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise in these
By-Laws, the vote of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 8. Quorum and Adjournment. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise in these By-Laws, a majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If at any meeting of the Board there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the
meeting from time to time without notice other than announcement of the adjournment at the meeting, and at such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as
originally noticed. 

SECTION 9. Compensation. Directors shall receive compensation for their services, as such, and for service on any
Committee of the Board of Directors, as fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors and for expenses of attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board or any Committee thereof. Nothing in this Section 9 of this Article IV shall be
construed to preclude a director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 

SECTION 10. Action
By Consent of Directors. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be,
consent thereto in writing (which may be in counterparts) or by electronic transmission, and the writing, writings, or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such consent shall
be treated as a vote adopted at a meeting for all purposes. 

ARTICLE V 

COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 

SECTION 1.
Executive Committee. The Board of Directors may by resolution appoint an Executive Committee of one (1) or more members, to serve during the pleasure of the Board of the Directors, to consist of such directors as the Board of the
Directors may from time to time designate. The Board of Directors shall designate the Chair of the Executive Committee. 

15 

(a) Procedure. The Executive Committee shall, by a vote of a majority of its members,
fix its own times and places of meeting, determine the number of its members constituting a quorum for the transaction of business, and prescribe its own rules of procedure, no change in which shall be made save by a majority vote of its members.

(b) Responsibilities. During the intervals between the meetings of the Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided by the
Board of Directors in establishing such Committee or otherwise, the Executive Committee shall possess and may exercise all the powers of the Board of the Directors in the management and direction of the business and affairs of the Corporation;
provided, however, that the Executive Committee shall not, except to the extent the Certificate of Incorporation or the resolution providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the Board of Directors as provided in Section 151(a) of
the DGCL, have the power: 

(i) to amend or authorize the amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws;

(ii) to authorize the issuance of stock in excess of one million (1,000,000)
shares in any single transaction or group of related transactions; 

(iii) to adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation
pursuant to which the Corporation will merge or consolidate or to recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all the property and business of the Corporation; 

(iv) to recommend to the stockholders a dissolution, or a revocation of a dissolution, of the Corporation; or 

(v) to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the DGCL. 

(c) Reports. The Executive Committee shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings, and all action by the Executive Committee shall be
reported promptly to the Board of Directors. Such action shall be subject to review, amendment and repeal by the Board of the Directors, provided that no rights of third parties shall be adversely affected by such review, amendment or repeal. 

(d) Appointment of Additional Members. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of the Executive
Committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the Executive Committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of the Executive Committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not
disqualified from voting, whether or not constituting a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. 

SECTION 2. Audit Committee. The Board of Directors may by resolution appoint an Audit Committee of one (1) or more members who shall not be
officers or employees of the Corporation to serve during the pleasure of the Board of the Directors. The Board of Directors shall designate the Chair of the Audit Committee. 

(a) Procedure. The Audit Committee, by a vote of a majority of its members, shall fix its own times and places of meeting, shall
determine the number of its members constituting a quorum for the transaction of business, and shall prescribe its own rules of procedure, no change in which shall be made save by a majority vote of its members. 

(b) Responsibilities. The Audit Committee shall review the annual financial statements of the Corporation prior to their submission to
the Board of Directors, shall consult with the Corporations independent auditors, and may examine and consider such other matters in relation to the internal and external audit of the Corporations accounts and in relation to the
financial affairs of the Corporation and its accounts, including the selection and retention of independent auditors, as the Audit Committee may, in its discretion, determine to be desirable. 

16 

(c) Reports. The Audit Committee shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings, and
all action by the Audit Committee shall, from time to time, be reported to the Board of Directors as it shall direct. Such action shall be subject to review, amendment and repeal by the Board, provided that no rights of third parties shall be
adversely affected by such review, amendment or repeal. 

(d) Appointment of Additional Members. The Board of Directors may
designate one or more directors as alternate members of the Audit Committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the Audit Committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of the Audit Committee, the member
or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not constituting a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified
member. 

SECTION 3. Other Committees. The Board of Directors may by resolution appoint one or more other committees from and outside of its
own number. Every such committee must include at least one (1) member of the Board of Directors. The Board may from time to time designate or alter, within the limits permitted by law, the Certificate of Incorporation and this Section 3 of
this Article V, if applicable, the duties, powers and number of members of such other committees or change their membership, and may at any time abolish such other committees or any of them; provided, however, that the Board of Directors shall not
delegate to any committee which includes non-director members any powers which, by law, must be exercised by the Board of Directors. 

(a) Procedure. Each committee, appointed pursuant to this Section 3 of this Article V, shall, by a vote of a majority of its
members, fix its own times and places of meeting, determine the number of its members constituting a quorum for the transaction of business, and prescribe its own rules of procedure, no change in which shall be made save by a majority vote of its
members. 

(b) Responsibilities. Each committee, appointed pursuant to this Section 3 of this Article V, shall exercise the
powers assigned to it by the Board of Directors in its discretion. 

(c) Reports. Each committee appointed pursuant to this
Section 3 of this Article V shall keep regular minutes of proceedings, and all action by each such committee shall, from time to time, be reported to the Board of Directors as it shall direct. Such action shall be subject to review, amendment
and repeal by the Board, provided that no rights of third parties shall be adversely affected by such review, amendment or repeal. 

(d)
Appointment of Additional Members. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or
disqualification of any member of each committee, appointed pursuant to this Section 3 of this Article V, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not constituting a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors (or, to the extent permitted, another person) to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. 

SECTION 4. Term of Office. Each member of a committee shall hold office until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual
meeting of stockholders (or until such other time as the Board of Directors may determine, either in the vote establishing the committee or at the election of such member or otherwise) and until their successor is elected and qualified, or until
they sooner die, resign, are removed, are replaced by change of membership or become disqualified by ceasing to be a director (where membership on the Board of Directors is required), or until the committee is sooner abolished by the Board of
Directors. 

17 

ARTICLE VI 

OFFICERS 

SECTION 1. Officers. The
Board of Directors shall elect a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer, and, in their discretion, may elect a Chair of the Board, a Vice Chair of the Board, a Controller, and one or more Executive Vice Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant
Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Controllers as deemed necessary or appropriate. Such officers shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at its first meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders (or at such other
meeting as the Board of Directors determines), and each shall hold office for the term provided by the vote of the Board of Directors, except that each will be subject to removal from office in the discretion of the Board of Directors as provided
herein. The powers and duties of more than one office may be exercised and performed by the same person. 

SECTION 2. Vacancies. Any vacancy in
any office may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors, at any regular or special meeting. 

SECTION 3. Chair of
the Board. The Chair of the Board of Directors, if elected, shall be a member of the Board of Directors and shall preside at its meetings. The Chair, if other than the President, shall advise and counsel with the President, and shall perform
such duties as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 4. President. Unless the Board of Directors has
designated another person as the Corporations chief executive officer, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. Subject to the directions of the Board of Directors, the President shall have and exercise direct
charge of and general supervision over the business and affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties incident to the office of the chief executive officer of a corporation and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to them
by the Board of Directors. The President may but need not be a member of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 5. Executive Vice Presidents and Vice
Presidents. Each Executive Vice President and Vice President shall have and exercise such powers and shall perform such duties as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors or the President. 

SECTION 6. Secretary. The Secretary shall keep the minutes of all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors in books provided for
the purpose; shall see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of law and these By-Laws; the Secretary shall be custodian of the records and of the corporate seal or seals of the
Corporation; shall see that the corporate seal is affixed to all documents the execution of which, on behalf of the Corporation under its seal, is duly authorized, and, when the seal is so affixed, they may attest the same; the Secretary may sign,
with the President, an Executive Vice President or a Vice President, certificates of stock of the Corporation; and, in general, the Secretary shall perform all duties incident to the office of secretary of a corporation, and such other duties as
from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 7. Assistant Secretaries. The Assistant Secretaries in order of
their seniority shall, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors shall prescribe or as from time to time may be assigned
by the Secretary. 

SECTION 8. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have charge of and be responsible for all funds, securities, receipts and
disbursements of the Corporation, and shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the name of the Corporation, all monies or other valuable effects in such banks, trust companies or other depositaries as shall, from time to time, be selected by the
Board of Directors; may endorse for collection on behalf of the Corporation checks, notes and other obligations; may sign receipts and vouchers for payments made to the Corporation; may sign checks of the Corporation, singly or jointly with another
person as the Board of Directors may authorize, and pay out and dispose of the proceeds under the direction of the Board of Directors; the Treasurer shall render to the President and to the Board of Directors, whenever requested, an account of the
financial condition of the Corporation; the Treasurer may sign, with the President, or an Executive Vice President or a Vice President, certificates of stock of the Corporation; and in general, shall perform all the duties incident to the office of
treasurer of a corporation, and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned by the Board of Directors. Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise determine, the Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation. 

18 

SECTION 9. Assistant Treasurers. The Assistant Treasurers in order of their seniority shall, in
the absence or disability of the Treasurer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors shall prescribe or as from time to time may be assigned by the Treasurer. 

SECTION 10. Controller. The Controller, if elected, shall be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation and shall perform all duties incident
to the office of a controller of a corporation, and, in the absence of or disability of the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such other duties as the Board of
Directors shall prescribe or as from time to time may be assigned by the President or the Treasurer. 

SECTION 11. Assistant Controllers. The
Assistant Controllers in order of their seniority shall, in the absence or disability of the Controller, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Controller and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors shall prescribe or as
from time to time may be assigned by the Controller. 

SECTION 12. Subordinate Officers. The Board of Directors may appoint such subordinate
officers as it may deem desirable. Each such officer shall hold office for such period, have such authority and perform such duties as the Board of Directors may prescribe. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, authorize any officer to
appoint and remove subordinate officers and to prescribe the powers and duties thereof. 

SECTION 13. Compensation. The Board of Directors
shall fix the compensation of all officers of the Corporation. It may authorize any officer, upon whom the power of appointing subordinate officers may have been conferred, to fix the compensation of such subordinate officers. 

SECTION 14. Removal. Any officer of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by action of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 15. Bonds. The Board of Directors may require any officer of the Corporation to give a bond to the Corporation, conditional upon the
faithful performance of their duties, with one or more sureties and in such amount as may be satisfactory to the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE VII 

CERTIFICATES
OF STOCK 

SECTION 1. Form and Execution of Certificates. The interest of each stockholder of the Corporation shall be evidenced by a
certificate or certificates for shares of stock in such form as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. The certificates of stock of each class shall be consecutively numbered and signed by the Chair or Vice Chair of the Board, if
any, the President, an Executive Vice President or a Vice President and by the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation, and may be countersigned and registered in such manner as the Board of
Directors may by resolution prescribe, and shall bear the corporate seal or a printed or engraved facsimile thereof. Where any such certificate is signed by a transfer agent or transfer clerk acting on behalf of the Corporation, the signatures of
any such Chair, Vice Chair, President, Executive Vice President, Vice President, Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, Secretary or Assistant Secretary may be facsimiles, engraved or printed. In case any officer or officers, who shall have signed, or
whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have been used on, any such certificate or certificates, shall cease to be such officer or officers, whether because of death, resignation or otherwise, before such certificate or certificates shall have
been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be issued and delivered by the Corporation as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates or whose facsimile signature or signatures
shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer or officers. 

In case the corporate seal which has been affixed to, impressed on, or
reproduced in any such certificate or certificates shall cease to be the seal of the Corporation before such certificate or certificates have been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be issued and
delivered by the Corporation as though the seal affixed thereto, impressed thereon or reproduced therein had not ceased to be the seal of the Corporation. 

19 

Every certificate for shares of stock which are subject to any restriction on transfer pursuant to law, the
Certificate of Incorporation, these By-Laws, or any agreement to which the Corporation is a party, shall have the restriction noted conspicuously on the certificate, and shall also set forth, on the face or
back, either the full text of the restriction or a statement of the existence of such restriction and (except if such restriction is imposed by law) a statement that the Corporation will furnish a copy thereof to the holder of such certificate upon
written request and without charge. 

Every certificate issued when the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class or series of stock shall set
forth on its face or back either the full text of the preferences, voting powers, qualifications, and special and relative rights of the shares of each class and series authorized to be issued, or a statement of the existence of such preferences,
powers, qualifications and rights, and a statement that the Corporation will furnish a copy thereof to the holder of such certificate upon written request and without charge. 

SECTION 2. Transfer of Shares. The shares of the stock of the Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the holder
thereof in person or by their attorney lawfully constituted, upon surrender for cancellation of certificates for the same number of shares, with an assignment and power of transfer endorsed thereon or attached thereto, duly executed, with such proof
or guaranty of the authenticity of the signature as the Corporation or its agents may reasonably require. The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact thereof and accordingly
shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, save as expressly provided by law or by the Certificate
of Incorporation. It shall be the duty of each stockholder to notify the Corporation of their post office address. 

SECTION 3. Fixing Date for
Determination of Stockholders of Record (Other than For Written Consents). 

(a) In order that the Corporation may
determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is
adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date
shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date
for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next
preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of
stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the
record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. 

(b) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or
allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which shall not be more than sixty
(60) days prior to such other action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating
thereto. 

SECTION 4. Lost or Destroyed Certificates. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate
theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to
indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. 

SECTION 5. Uncertificated Shares. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may by resolution provide that one or more of any or all classes or
series of the stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares, subject to the provisions of Section 158 of the DGCL. 

20 

ARTICLE VIII 

EXECUTION OF DOCUMENTS 

SECTION 1.
Execution of Checks, Notes, etc. All checks and drafts on the Corporations bank accounts and all bills of exchange and promissory notes, and all acceptances, obligations and other instruments for the payment of money, shall be signed by
such officer or officers, or agent or agents, as shall be thereunto authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, which may in its discretion authorize any such signatures to be facsimile. 

SECTION 2. Execution of Contracts, Assignments, etc. Unless the Board of Directors shall have otherwise provided generally or in a specific
instance, all contracts, agreements, endorsements, assignments, transfers, stock powers, or other instruments shall be signed by the President, any Executive Vice President, any Vice President, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer
or any Assistant Treasurer. The Board of Directors may, however, in its discretion, require any or all such instruments to be signed by any two or more of such officers, or may permit any or all of such instruments to be signed by such other officer
or officers, agent or agents, as it shall be thereunto authorize from time to time. 

SECTION 3. Execution of Proxies. The President, any
Executive Vice President or any Vice President, and the Secretary, the Treasurer, any Assistant Secretary or any Assistant Treasurer, or any other officer designated by the Board of Directors, may sign on behalf of the Corporation proxies to vote
upon shares of stock of other companies or other equity interests of other entities standing in the name of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE IX

INSPECTION OF BOOKS 

The Board of
Directors shall determine from time to time whether, and if allowed, to what extent and at what time and places and under what conditions and regulations, the accounts and books of the Corporation (except such as may by law be specifically open to
inspection) or any of them, shall be open to the inspection of the stockholders, and no stockholder shall have any right to inspect any account or book or document of the Corporation, except as conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, unless
and until authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors or of the stockholders of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE X 

FISCAL YEAR 

The fiscal year of the Corporation
shall end on December 31 of each year or such other date as determined from time to time by vote of the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE XI 

AMENDMENTS 

The By-Laws of the Corporation may be amended, altered, changed or repealed, and a provision or provisions
inconsistent with the provisions of the By-Laws as they exist from time to time maybe adopted, only by the majority of the entire Board of Directors or with the approval or consent of the holders of not less
than a majority, determined in accordance with the provisions of the second paragraph of Section A of Article FOURTH of the Certificate of Incorporation, of the total number of the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors. 

21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit9912025noelandrossi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99.1

ATC Contact: Adam Smith

Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and FP&A

Telephone: (617) 375-7500

AMERICAN TOWER NAMES BUD NOEL AS COO

AND RICH ROSSI AS EVP AND PRESIDENT, U.S. TOWER

Boston, Massachusetts January 7, 2025 American Tower Corporation (NYSE: AMT) announced today that Eugene (Bud) Noel, currently Executive Vice President and President of the U. S. Tower Division, will become Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, a newly created global position, effective January 13, 2025. This role will oversee American Towers global operations and IT, further effectuating the Companys strategic priorities to drive operational efficiency and provide best-in-class service to its global customer base. 

Mr. Noel joined the Company in 2011 as Senior Vice President, U.S. Tower Operations, and prior to being appointed the Executive Vice President and President of the U.S. Tower Division in 2023, held the role of Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Tower. He brings over 25 years of experience in wireless real estate development and operations, including leadership positions held at Sprint Nextel and LightSquared. During his tenure in operations, Mr. Noel drove operational excellence across the Companys U.S. business through efficiency, asset quality, technology, and customer service. 

Richard (Rich) Rossi, currently Senior Vice President and General Counsel of U.S. Tower, a position he has held since 2018, will succeed Mr. Noel as Executive Vice President and President, U.S. Tower, also effective January 13, 2025. Mr. Rossi joined American Tower in 2001, and has since held leadership positions spanning functions across sales, marketing, finance, real estate and operations, and has been integral to the development and implementation of strategic customer agreements.

Steve Vondran, President and CEO of American Tower Corporation, stated, I am thrilled to welcome Bud and Rich to their new positions, and to continue working closely with these immensely talented, experienced, and trusted leaders. The new COO position will be an important addition to my team, enabling us to deliver our industry leading customer service even more effectively and efficiently by accelerating the development and application of new technologies and operating capabilities across our global platform.

About American Tower 

American Tower, one of the largest global REITs, is a leading independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate with a portfolio of over 148,000 communications sites and a highly interconnected footprint of U.S. data center facilities. For more information about American Tower, please visit www.americantower.com. 

Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements concerning the Companys goals, beliefs, expectations, strategies, objectives, plans, future operating results and underlying assumptions and other statements that are not necessarily based on historical facts. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the Companys forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those factors set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of its most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and other risks described in documents the Company subsequently files from time to time with the 

Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update the information contained in this press release to reflect subsequently occurring events or circumstances.

###
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>amt-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>amt-20250102_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>amt-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Zero Point Eight Seven Five Percent Senior Notes, Due 
0.875% Senior Notes, Due 2029 [Member] 
0.875% Senior Notes, Due 2029 

Entities [Table] 
Entities [Table] 

Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] 
Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] 

3.900% Senior Notes Due 2030 
3.900% Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 
3.900% Senior Notes Due 2030 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

1.375% Senior Notes due 2025 
1.375% Senior Notes due 2025 [Member] 
One Point Three Seventy Five Percent, Senior Notes due 2025 [Member] 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Cover page. 
Cover [Abstract] 

1.950% Senior Notes due 2026 
1.950% Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] 
One Point Nine Five Zero Percent Senior Notes [Member] 

One Point Two Five Zero Percent Senior Notes, Due 2033 
1.250% Senior Notes, Due 2033 [Member] 
1.250% Senior Notes, Due 2033 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

0.400% Senior Notes Due 2027 
0.400% Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 
0.400% Senior Notes Due 2027 

Common Stock 
Common Stock [Member] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

4.100% Senior Notes due 2034 
4.100% Senior Notes due 2034 [Member] 
4.100% Senior Notes due 2034 

0.950% Senior Notes Due 2030 
0.950% Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 
0.950% Senior Notes Due 2030 

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. [Member] 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Zero Point Five Zero Percent Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member] 
0.500% Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member] 
0.500% Senior Notes Due 2028 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

4.125% Senior Notes due 2027 
4.125% Senior Notes due 2027 [Member] 
4.125% Senior Notes due 2027 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Exchange [Domain] 
Exchange [Domain] 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Zero Point Four Five Zero Percent Senior Notes, Due 2027 
0.450% Senior Notes, Due 2027 [Member] 
0.450% Senior Notes, Due 2027 

Entity Information [Line Items] 
Entity Information [Line Items] 

4.625% Senior Notes Due 2031 
4.625% Senior Notes Due 2031 [Member] 
4.625% Senior Notes Due 2031 

Document Type 
Document Type 

One Point Zero Percent Senior Notes Due 2032 
1.000% Senior Notes Due 2032 [Member] 
1.000% Senior Notes Due 2032
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>amt-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_0a.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-14195

Entity Tax Identification Number 65-0723837

Entity Address, Address Line One 116 Huntington Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Boston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02116

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 375-7500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Registrant Name AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/

Entity Central Index Key 0001053507

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Amendment Flag false

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | Common Stock 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol AMT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | 1.375% Senior Notes due 2025 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 1.375% Senior Notes due 2025

Trading Symbol AMT 25A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | 1.950% Senior Notes due 2026 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 1.950% Senior Notes due 2026

Trading Symbol AMT 26B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | Zero Point Four Five Zero Percent Senior Notes, Due 2027 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 0.450% Senior Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol AMT 27C

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | Zero Point Five Zero Percent Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 0.500% Senior Notes due 2028

Trading Symbol AMT 28A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | One Point Zero Percent Senior Notes Due 2032 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 1.000% Senior Notes due 2032

Trading Symbol AMT 32

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | Zero Point Eight Seven Five Percent Senior Notes, Due 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 0.875% Senior Notes due 2029

Trading Symbol AMT 29B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | One Point Two Five Zero Percent Senior Notes, Due 2033 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 1.250% Senior Notes due 2033

Trading Symbol AMT 33

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | 0.400% Senior Notes Due 2027 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 0.400% Senior Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol AMT 27D

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | 0.950% Senior Notes Due 2030 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 0.950% Senior Notes due 2030

Trading Symbol AMT 30C

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | 4.125% Senior Notes due 2027 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 4.125% Senior Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol AMT 27F

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | 4.625% Senior Notes Due 2031 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 4.625% Senior Notes due 2031

Trading Symbol AMT 31B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | 3.900% Senior Notes Due 2030 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 3.900% Senior Notes due 2030

Trading Symbol AMT 30D

Security Exchange Name NYSE

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. | 4.100% Senior Notes due 2034 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 4.100% Senior Notes due 2034

Trading Symbol AMT 34A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityListingsExchangeAxis=exch_XNYS

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A1375SeniorNotesDue2025Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A1950SeniorNotesDue2026Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0450SeniorNotesDue2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0500SeniorNotesDue2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A1000SeniorNotesDue2032Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0875SeniorNotesDue2029Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A1250SeniorNotesDue2033Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0400SeniorNotesDue2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0950SeniorNotesDue2030Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A4125SeniorNotesDue2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A4625SeniorNotesDue2031Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A3.900SeniorNotesDue2030Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A4.100SeniorNotesDue2034Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
15 
23 
1 
false 
15 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.americantower.com/role/CoverCover 
Cover Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

amt-20250102.htm 
amt-20250102.xsd 
amt-20250102_def.xml 
amt-20250102_lab.xml 
amt-20250102_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001053507-25-000002-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>amt-20250102_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001053507 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A1375SeniorNotesDue2025Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A1950SeniorNotesDue2026Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A0450SeniorNotesDue2027Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A0400SeniorNotesDue2027Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A4125SeniorNotesDue2027Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A0500SeniorNotesDue2028Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A0875SeniorNotesDue2029Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A0950SeniorNotesDue2030Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A3.900SeniorNotesDue2030Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A4625SeniorNotesDue2031Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A1000SeniorNotesDue2032Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A1250SeniorNotesDue2033Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001053507 

amt:A4.100SeniorNotesDue2034Member 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/ 
0001053507 
--12-31 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
DE 
001-14195 
65-0723837 
116 Huntington Avenue 
Boston 
MA 
02116 
617 
375-7500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
AMT 
NYSE 
1.375% Senior Notes due 2025 
AMT 25A 
NYSE 
1.950% Senior Notes due 2026 
AMT 26B 
NYSE 
0.450% Senior Notes due 2027 
AMT 27C 
NYSE 
0.400% Senior Notes due 2027 
AMT 27D 
NYSE 
4.125% Senior Notes due 2027 
AMT 27F 
NYSE 
0.500% Senior Notes due 2028 
AMT 28A 
NYSE 
0.875% Senior Notes due 2029 
AMT 29B 
NYSE 
0.950% Senior Notes due 2030 
AMT 30C 
NYSE 
3.900% Senior Notes due 2030 
AMT 30D 
NYSE 
4.625% Senior Notes due 2031 
AMT 31B 
NYSE 
1.000% Senior Notes due 2032 
AMT 32 
NYSE 
1.250% Senior Notes due 2033 
AMT 33 
NYSE 
4.100% Senior Notes due 2034 
AMT 34A 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>