<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-026435.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-026435.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331172344
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-026435
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SK Growth Opportunities Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001912461
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41432
		FILM NUMBER:		25795134

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVENUE S
		STREET 2:		#96693
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-740-1505

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVENUE S
		STREET 2:		#96693
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0236379-8k_skgrowth.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000191246100019124612025-03-312025-03-310001912461SKGRW:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-03-312025-03-310001912461SKGRW:ClassOrdinarySharesMember2025-03-312025-03-310001912461SKGRW:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 31, 2025

SK Growth Opportunities Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-41432 98-1643582

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

228 Park Avenue S #96693

New York, New York 10003

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(917)599-1622

Registrants telephone number, including
area code

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant SKGRU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A Ordinary Shares SKGR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 SKGRW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a
Material Definitive Agreement.

In connection with SK Growth Opportunities
Corporations (the Company) proposed business combination and
related transactions (the Business Combination) pursuant to the
Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2024, and as amended on December 5, 2024, by and among the Company, Webull
Corporation, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (Webull),
Feather Sound I Inc., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly
owned subsidiary of Webull, and Feather Sound II Inc., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the
Cayman Islands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Webull, the Company and Auxo Capital Managers LLC (the Sponsor),
entered into non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements)
with several unaffiliated third parties (the Investors), pursuant to
which the Investors agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption requests on) their Class A ordinary shares, par
value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), of the Company
(the Non-Redeemed Shares) in connection with the Business Combination.
In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Class A Ordinary Shares, (i) the Sponsor agreed to surrender
to the Company and forfeit for no consideration a certain number of Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Class B Ordinary Shares and together with the Class A
Ordinary Shares, the Ordinary Shares) of the Company and (ii) the
Company agreed to issue or cause to be issued to the Investors for no additional consideration one (1) Class A Ordinary Shares
of the Company for every four (4) Non-Redeemed Shares, each in connection with the Business Combination.

The foregoing description of the form of Non-Redemption Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Non-Redemption Agreement filed
hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

No. Exhibits

10.1 Form of Non-Redemption Agreement.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 31, 2025

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION

By: /s/ Derek Jensen 

Name: Derek Jensen

Title: Chief Financial Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023637901ex10-1_skgrowth.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF NON-REDEMPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

NON-REDEMPTION AGREEMENT 

This Non-Redemption Agreement (this Agreement)
is entered as of [ ] by and among SK Growth Opportunities Corporation (SK Growth), Auxo Capital Managers LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Sponsor), and the undersigned investors (collectively, the Investors).

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Sponsor currently holds SK
Growths Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, initially purchased in a private placement prior to SK Growths
initial public offering (the Founder Shares);

WHEREAS, SK Growth held an extraordinary
general meeting of shareholders (the Extension Meeting) for the purpose of approving, among other things, an amendment
to SK Growths amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Memorandum and Articles of Association)
to extend the date by which SK Growth must consummate an initial business combination (the Initial Business Combination)
until June 22, 2025 or such earlier date as SK Growths board of directors (the Board) may approve in
accordance with the Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Extension);

WHEREAS, SK Growth held an extraordinary
general meeting of shareholders (the BCA Meeting and together with the Extension Meeting, the Meetings)
for the purpose of approving, among other things, the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2024, and as amended on
December 5, 2024 by and among SK Growth, Webull Corporation, Feather Sound I Inc. and Feather Sound II Inc. and the transactions contemplated
therein;

WHEREAS, the Memorandum and Articles of
Association provides that a shareholder of SK Growth may redeem its Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class
A Ordinary Shares), initially sold as part of the units in SK Growths initial public offering (whether they were purchased
in SK Growths initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) (the Public Shares and together with
the Founder Shares, the Ordinary Shares) in connection with the approval of a Business Combination (as defined therein)
, on the terms set forth in the Memorandum and Articles of Association (Redemption Rights);

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, Investor is willing to forego the exercise of its Redemption Rights in connection with the Business Combination, or
to validly rescind any previously submitted redemption demand, including any redemption demands submitted in connection with the Extension,
of certain of the Public Shares held by such Investor upon the terms set forth herein, in connection with which the Sponsor desires to
surrender to SK Growth and forfeit for no consideration that number of Founder Shares set forth on Exhibit A (the Forfeited
Shares) and SK Growth desires to issue or cause to be issued to Investor that number of Class A Ordinary Shares set forth opposite
such Investors name on Exhibit A in connection with SK Growths completion of its Initial Business Combination (the
Promote Shares).

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the
mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, Investor, SK Growth and the Sponsor hereby agree as follows:

1. Terms of Forfeiture and Issuance. 

1.1. Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions of this Agreement, if Investor does not exercise (or exercised and validly rescinds) its Redemption Rights
with respect to such Investor Shares in connection with the Meetings, then substantially concurrently with the closing of the Initial
Business Combination (i) the Sponsor hereby agrees to surrender to SK Growth and forfeit for no consideration the Forfeited Shares (such
surrender and forfeiture, the Share Cancellation) and (ii) SK Growth hereby agrees to issue or cause to be issued
to Investor for no additional consideration the Promote Shares (such issuance, the Share Issuance). Investor
Shares shall mean an amount of the Public Shares presently held by Investor equal to the lesser of an aggregate amount of
(i) [ ] Public Shares, and (ii) 9.9% of the Public Shares that are not to be redeemed, including those Public Shares subject to non-redemption
agreements with other SK Growth shareholders similar to this Agreement on or about the date of the BCA Meeting.

1.2. The Sponsor, SK Growth and Investor hereby agree that the
Share Issuance and Share Cancellation shall be subject to the conditions that the Initial Business Combination is consummated. Upon
the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions, as applicable, SK Growth shall issue, or cause the Share Issuance promptly (but in any
event no later than two (2) business days following the closing of the Initial Business Combination) to Investor (or its permitted transferees)
free and clear of any liens or other encumbrances, other than pursuant to the restrictions on transfer imposed by the securities laws,
the Joinder and any successor or similar agreement entered into in connection with the Initial Business Combination (which shall be no
less favorable or more restrictive than what is agreed to by the Sponsor). The Sponsor and SK Growth covenant and agree to facilitate
such Share Issuance to Investor (or its permitted transferees) in accordance with the foregoing.

1.3. Adjustment to Share Amounts.
If at any time the number of outstanding Founder Shares is increased or decreased by a consolidation, combination, subdivision or reclassification
of the Ordinary Shares of SK Growth or other similar event (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any conversion of Founder
Shares into Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share), then, as of the effective date of such consolidation, combination,
subdivision, reclassification or similar event, all share numbers referenced in this Agreement shall be adjusted in proportion to such
increase or decrease in the Ordinary Shares of SK Growth. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Investor acknowledges
and agrees that a waiver of the rights contained in Section 17.3 of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of SK Growth by the holders
of Founder Shares shall apply to all Founder Shares including the Forfeited Shares and the holder of Promote Shares shall have no rights
pursuant to Section 17.3 of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of SK Growth.

1.4. Merger or Reorganization,
etc. If there shall occur any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger involving SK Growth in
which its Ordinary Shares are converted into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property, then, following any such reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger, in lieu of Ordinary Shares of SK Growth, SK Growth shall issue or cause
to be issued, with respect to each Promote Share to be issued hereunder, the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property into
which the Ordinary Shares are converted or exchanged.

1.5. Forfeitures, Transfers,
etc. Investor shall not be subject to forfeiture, surrender, claw-back, transfers, disposals, exchanges or earn-outs for any reason
on the Promote Shares. Investor acknowledges that, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Sponsor
(as it will exist by the date of the BCA Meeting, the Sponsor LLC Agreement), prior to, or at the time of, the Initial
Business Combination, the managers of the Sponsor have the authority to cause the Sponsor to subject the Founder Shares to earn-outs,
forfeitures, transfers or other restrictions, or amend the terms under which the Founder Shares were issued or any restrictions or other
provisions relating to the Founder Shares set forth in the instruments establishing the same (including voting in favor of any such amendment)
or enter into any other arrangements with respect to the Founder Shares, and that the managers are authorized to effectuate such earn-outs,
forfeitures, transfers, restrictions, amendments or arrangements, including arrangements relating to the relaxation or early release
of restrictions, in such amounts and pursuant to such terms as they determine in their sole and absolute discretion for any reason. Sponsor
acknowledges and agrees that any such earn-outs, forfeitures, transfers, restrictions, amendments or arrangements shall apply only to
the Founder Shares held by Sponsor and the terms and conditions applicable to the Promote Shares shall not be changed or reduced as a
result of any such earn-outs, forfeitures, transfers, restrictions, amendments or arrangements.

2

1.6. Delivery of Shares; Other
Documents. SK Growth shall issue or cause to be issued Promote Shares Investor in book-entry form through SK Growths transfer
agent. The parties to this Agreement agree to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments and to do all such other acts,
as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.

1.7. Assignment of Registration
Rights. Investor shall be entitled to registration rights set forth in that certain Registration Rights Agreement, by and among SK
Growth, the Sponsor, Webull Corporation and certain security holders thereto (as it may be amended from time to time, the Registration
Rights Agreement), and SPAC and Investor shall execute the Joinder, whereby Investor shall become a Holder pursuant
to the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined therein) and the Promote Shares shall be Registrable Securities pursuant
to the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined therein), or pursuant to any successor or similar agreement entered into in connection
with the Initial Business Combination.

1.8. Joinder to Registration
Rights Agreement. In connection with the Share Issuance, Investor shall execute a joinder to the Registration Rights Agreement in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Joinder) pursuant to which Investor shall agree
with SK Growth to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a holder thereunder with
respect to the Promote Shares (upon acquisition thereof) as Registrable Securities thereunder. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement or the Joinder to the contrary, Investor shall be released with respect to the Promote Shares from any transfer or
lock-up restrictions under the Registrations Rights Agreement to the same extent as any other holders, including the Sponsor, is released
from such restrictions with respect to its remaining Founder Shares.

1.9. Termination. This Agreement
and each of the obligations of the undersigned shall terminate on earlier of (a) the failure of SK Growths shareholders to approve
the Business Combination at the BCA Meeting, (b) the fulfillment of all obligations of parties hereto, (c) the liquidation or dissolution
of SK Growth prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, (d) the mutual written agreement of the parties hereto, or
(e) if Investor exercises its Redemption Rights with respect to any Investor Shares in connection with the Meetings and such Investors
Shares are actually redeemed in connection with the Meetings. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, SK Growths
obligation to issue or cause to be issued the Promote Shares to Investor shall be conditioned on (i) the satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Section 1.2 and (ii) such Investor Shares not being redeemed in connection with the BCA Meeting.

2. Representationsand Warranties of Investor. Investor represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Sponsor that: 

2.1. No Government Recommendation
or Approval. Investor understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the
offering of the Promote Shares.

2.2. Accredited Investor.
Investor is an institutional accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) or a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule
144A under the Securities Act, and acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is being made in reliance, among other things, on a
private placement exemption to accredited investors under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law.

2.3. Intent. Investor is
acquiring the Promote Shares solely for investment purposes, for such Investors own account (and/or for the account or benefit
of its members or affiliates, as permitted), and not with a view to the distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act and Investor
has no present arrangement to sell the Promote Shares to or through any person or entity except as may be permitted hereunder.

2.4. Restrictions on Transfer; Trust Account; Redemption Rights. 

2.4.1. [Reserved].

2.4.2. Investor acknowledges and agrees
that the Promote Shares are not entitled to, and have no right, interest or claim of any kind in or to, any monies held in the trust
account into which the proceeds of SK Growths initial public offering were deposited (the Trust Account)
or distributed as a result of any liquidation of the Trust Account.

3

2.4.3. Investor agrees, solely for
the benefit of and, notwithstanding anything else herein, enforceable only by SK Growth, to waive any right that it may have to elect
to have SK Growth redeem any Investor Shares and agrees not to redeem or otherwise exercise any right to redeem, the Investor Shares
and to reverse and revoke any prior redemption elections made with respect to the Investor Shares in connection with the Business Combination
and the Extension. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement is intended to restrict or prohibit Investors ability
to redeem any Public Shares other than the Investor Shares, or to trade or redeem any Public Shares (other than the Investor Shares)
in its discretion and at any time or trade or redeem any Investor Shares in its discretion and at any time after the date of the BCA
Meeting.

2.4.4. Investor acknowledges and understands
the Promote Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the
Securities Act and have not been registered under the Securities Act and, if in the future Investor decides to offer, resell, pledge
or otherwise transfer the Promote Shares, such Promote Shares may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) pursuant
to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or (C) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. Investor
agrees that, if any transfer of the Promote Shares or any interest therein is proposed to be made other than pursuant to an effective
registration statement), as a condition precedent to any such transfer, Investor may be required to deliver to SK Growth an opinion of
counsel (including investor counsel) satisfactory to SK Growth that registration is not required with respect to the Promote Shares to
be transferred. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, Investor agrees it will not transfer the Promote
Shares.

2.5. Sophisticated Investor.
Investor is sophisticated in financial matters and able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Promote Shares.

2.6. Risk of Loss. Investor
is aware that an investment in the Promote Shares is highly speculative and subject to substantial risks. Investor is cognizant of and
understands the risks related to the acquisition of the Promote Shares, including those restrictions described or provided for in this
Agreement and the Joinder pertaining to transferability. Investor is able to bear the economic risk of its investment in the Promote
Shares for an indefinite period of time and able to sustain a complete loss of such investment.

2.7. Independent Investigation.
Investor has relied upon an independent investigation of SK Growth and has not relied upon any information or representations made by
any third parties or upon any oral or written representations or assurances, express or implied, from the Sponsor or any representatives
or agents of the Sponsor, other than as set forth in this Agreement. Investor is familiar with the business, operations and financial
condition of SK Growth and has had an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from, SK Growths management concerning
SK Growth and the terms and conditions of the proposed sale of the Promote Shares and has had full access to such other information concerning
SK Growth as Investor has requested. Investor confirms that all documents that it has requested have been made available and that Investor
has been supplied with all of the additional information concerning this investment which Investor has requested.

2.8. Organization and Authority.
If an entity, Investor is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it was organized and it possesses all
requisite power and authority to acquire the Promote Shares, enter into this Agreement and perform all the obligations required to be
performed by Investor hereunder.

2.9. Non-U.S. Investor. If
Investor is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
the regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Code)), Investor hereby represents that it has satisfied
itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Promote Shares
or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the acquisition of the Promote Shares,
(ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such acquisition, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained,
and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the acquisition, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer
of the Promote Shares. Investors subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Promote Shares will not
violate any applicable securities or other laws of Investors jurisdiction.

4

2.10. Authority. This Agreement
has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by Investor and is a valid and binding agreement of Investor enforceable against
Investor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights
and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may
be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

2.11. No Conflicts. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict
with or constitute a default under (i) Investors organizational documents, (ii) any agreement or instrument to which Investor
is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which Investor is subject, or any order, judgment or decree to which Investor
is subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), that would reasonably be expected to prevent Investor from fulfilling its obligations
under this Agreement.

2.12. No Advice from Sponsor.
Investor has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with Investors own
legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for any statements or representations of the Sponsor explicitly made in this Agreement,
Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations, express or implied, of the Sponsor
or any of its representatives or agents for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation for legal, tax or investment advice,
with respect to this investment, the Sponsor, SK Growth, the Promote Shares, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities
laws of any jurisdiction.

2.13. Reliance on Representations
and Warranties. Investor understands that the Promote Shares are being offered and sold to Investor in reliance on exemptions from
the registration requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and that
the Sponsor is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of Investor set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.14. No General Solicitation.
Investor is not subscribing for the Promote Shares as a result of or subsequent to any general solicitation or general advertising, including
but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or
broadcast over television or radio or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general
advertising.

2.15. Brokers. No broker,
finder or intermediary has been paid or is entitled to a fee or commission from or by Investor in connection with the acquisition of
the Promote Shares nor is Investor entitled to or will accept any such fee or commission.

3. Representationsand Warranties of Sponsor. The Sponsor represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Investor that: 

3.1. Power and Authority.
The Sponsor is a limited liability company duly formed and validly existing and in good standing as a limited liability company under
the laws of the State of Delaware and possesses all requisite limited liability company power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and to perform all of the obligations required to be performed by the Sponsor hereunder.

3.2. Authority. All corporate
action on the part of the Sponsor and its officers, directors and members necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the performance of all obligations of the Sponsor required pursuant hereto has been taken. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by the Sponsor and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Investor) constitutes the Sponsors
legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the Sponsor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement
of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

5

3.3. Title to Securities.
The Sponsor is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Forfeited Shares and will, immediately prior
to the forfeiture of the Forfeited Shares, be the record and beneficial owner of the Forfeited Shares, in each case, free and clear of
all liens, pledges, security interests, charges, claims, encumbrances, agreements, options, voting trusts, proxies and other arrangements
or restrictions of any kind (other than transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions that apply to the Founder Shares generally
and applicable securities laws).

3.4. No Conflicts. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Sponsor of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate,
conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Sponsors certificate of formation or the Sponsor LLC Agreement, (ii) any agreement
or instrument to which the Sponsor is a party or by which it is bound (including the Letter Agreement, dated June 23, 2022, by and between
SK Growth, the Sponsor, and SK Growths offices and directors, and the Sponsor LLC Agreement) or (iii) any law, statute, rule or
regulation to which the Sponsor is subject or any order, judgment or decree to which the Sponsor is subject. The Sponsor is not required
under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration
with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement.

3.5. Brokers. No broker,
finder or intermediary has been paid or is entitled to a fee or commission from or by the Sponsor in connection with the sale of the
Promote Shares nor is the Sponsor entitled to or will accept any such fee or commission.

3.6. Transfer Restrictions.
Until termination of this Agreement, the Sponsor shall not transfer any of its Forfeiture Shares.

3.7. Reliance on Representations
and Warranties. The Sponsor understands and acknowledges that Investor is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations,
warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Sponsor set forth in this Agreement.

3.8. No Pending Actions.
There is no action pending against the Sponsor or, to the Sponsors knowledge, threatened against the Sponsor, before any court,
arbitrator or governmental authority, which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or materially delay the performance
by the Sponsor of its obligations under this Agreement.

4. Representationsand Warranties of SK Growth. SK Growth represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Investor that: 

4.1. Power and Authority.
The Sponsor is an exempted company formed and validly existing and in good standing as an exempted company the laws of the Cayman islands
and possesses all requisite limited liability company power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all of the obligations
required to be performed by the Sponsor hereunder, including the Share Issuance.

4.2. Authority. All corporate
action on the part of SK Growth and its officers, directors and members necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the performance of all obligations of SK Growth required pursuant hereto has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by SK Growth and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Investor) constitutes SK Growths legal,
valid and binding obligation, enforceable against Sk Growth in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally
the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement
of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

6

4.3. Title to Securities.
The Promote Shares have been duly authorized, and, when issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement to Investor,
will be (i) validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, and (ii) free and clear of all liens, pledges, security interests, charges,
claims, encumbrances, agreements, options, voting trusts, proxies and other arrangements or restrictions of any kind (other than transfer
and other restrictions that apply to the Promote Shares pursuant to the Joinder and generally, under applicable securities laws) The
Sponsor is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Forfeited Shares and will, immediately prior
to the surrender and forfeiture of the Forfeited Shares to SK Growth, be the record and beneficial owner of the Forfeited Shares, in
each case, free and clear of all liens, pledges, security interests, charges, claims, encumbrances, agreements, options, voting trusts,
proxies and other arrangements or restrictions of any kind (other than transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions that apply
to the Founder Shares generally and applicable securities laws).

4.4. No Conflicts. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by SK Growth of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate,
conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Memorandum and Articles of Association, (ii) any agreement or instrument to which
Sk Growth is a party or by which it is bound or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which SK Growth is subject or any order,
judgment or decree to which SK Growth is subject. SK Growth is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to
obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory
entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement.

4.5. No General Solicitation.
SK Growth has not offered the Promote Shares by means of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Regulation
D of the Securities Act, including but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper,
magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general
solicitation or general advertising.

4.6. Brokers. No broker,
finder or intermediary has been paid or is entitled to a fee or commission from or by SK Growth in connection with the sale of the Promote
Shares.

4.7. Reliance on Representations
and Warranties. SK Growth understands and acknowledges that Investor is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations,
warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of SK Growth set forth in this Agreement.

4.8. No Pending Actions.
There is no action pending against SK Growth or, to SK Growths knowledge, threatened against SK Growth, before any court, arbitrator
or governmental authority, which in may matter challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or materially delay the performance by SK Growth
of its obligations under this Agreement.

5. Trust Account. Subject to SK Growths determination, in its sole discretion, otherwise to mitigate the risk that SK Growth may be deemed an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, until the earlier of (a) the consummation of SK Growths initial business combination; (b) the liquidation of the Trust Account; and (c) 36 months from consummation of SK Growths initial public offering or such later time as the shareholders of SK Growth may approve in accordance with the Articles, SK Growth will maintain the investment of funds held in the Trust Account in interest-bearing United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 

amended, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, or maintain such funds in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank. SK Growth further confirms that it will not utilize any funds from its Trust Account to pay any potential excise taxes that may become due pursuant to the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 upon a redemption of the Public Shares in connection with a liquidation of SK Growth if it does not effect a business combination prior to its termination date. 

7

6. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. With respect to any suit, action or proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, the undersigned irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the New York state courts located in the Borough of Manhattan, State of New York, which submission shall be exclusive. 

7. Assignment; Entire Agreement; Amendment. 

7.1. Assignment. Any assignment
of this Agreement or any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder by either SK Growth, the Sponsor or Investor to any
person that is not an affiliate of such party shall require the prior written consent of the other party; provided, that no such consent
shall be required for any such assignment by Investor to one or more affiliates thereof.

7.2. Entire Agreement. This
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof and merges and supersedes
all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them relating to the subject matter hereof.

7.3. Amendment. Except as
expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other
than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is
sought.

7.4. Binding upon Successors.This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal representatives,
successors and permitted assigns.

8. Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein, any notice or other communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in writing and personally delivered or sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission with copy sent in another manner herein provided or sent by courier (which for all purposes of this Agreement shall include Federal Express or another recognized overnight courier) or mailed to said party by certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address provided for herein or such other address as either may designate for itself in such notice to the other. Communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered personally, on the scheduled arrival date when sent by next day or 2nd-day courier service, or if sent by facsimile upon receipt of confirmation of transmittal or, if sent by mail, then three days after deposit in the mail. If given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered (a) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the party has provided to receive notice; and (b) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to such party.

9. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

10. Survival; Severability

10.1. Survival. The representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby.

10.2. Severability. In the
event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or
void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability shall be effective
if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

11. Headings. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

8

12. Disclosure; Waiver. As soon as practicable, but in no event later than one business day, after execution of this Agreement, SK Growth will file (to the extent that it has not already filed) a Current Report on Form 8-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), reporting the material terms of this Agreement. The parties to this Agreement shall cooperate with one another to assure that such disclosure is accurate. SK Growth agrees that the name of the investor shall not be included in any public disclosures related to this Agreement unless required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rule. Investor (i) acknowledges that SK Growth, the Sponsor may possess or have access to material non-public information which has not been communicated to the Investor; (ii) hereby waives any and all claims, whether at law, in equity or otherwise, that he, she, or it may now have or may hereafter acquire, whether presently known or unknown, against the Sponsor or any of SK Growths officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors or assigns relating to any failure to disclose any non-public information in connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, including any potential business combination involving SK Growth, including without limitation, any claims arising under Rule 10-b(5) of the Exchange Act; and (iii) is aware that SK Growth, the Sponsor is relying on the truth of the representations set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement and the foregoing acknowledgement and waiver in this Section 10, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. SK Growth shall, by 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on the first business day immediately following the date of the BCA Meeting, issue one or more press releases or file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K (collectively, the Disclosure Document) disclosing, to the extent not previously publicly disclosed, all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and any other material, nonpublic information that SK Growth has provided to Investor at any time prior to the filing of the Disclosure Document. Upon the issuance of the Disclosure Document, to SK Growths knowledge, Investor shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information received from SK Growth or any of its officers, directors or employees.

13. Independent Nature of Rights and Obligations. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any party pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute Investor, SK Growth and the Sponsor as, and SK Growth and the Sponsor acknowledge that Investor, SK Growth and the Sponsor do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that Investor, SK Growth and the Sponsor are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters, and SK Growth and the Sponsor acknowledges that Investor, SK Growth and the Sponsor are not acting in concert or as a group, and SK Growth and the Sponsor shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

14. Most Favored Nation. In the event the Sponsor or SK Growth enter one or more other non-redemption agreements before or after the execution of this Agreement in connection with the BCA Meeting, the Sponsor and SK Growth represent that the terms of such other agreements are not materially more favorable to such other investors thereunder than the terms of this Agreement are in respect of the Investor. In the event that another investor is afforded any such more favorable terms than the Investor, the Sponsor shall promptly inform the Investor of such more favorable terms in writing, and the Investor shall have the right to elect to have such more favorable terms included herein, in which case the parties hereto shall promptly amend this Agreement to effect the same. 

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed as of the date first above written.

INVESTOR 

By: 

Name: [ ] 

Title: [ ] 

COMPANY: 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SPONSOR: 

AUXO CAPITAL MANAGERS LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Non-Redemption Agreement]

10

Exhibit A

Investor Promote Shares Number of Public Shares to

be Held as Investor Shares 

Address: : [ ] Class A Ordinary Shares [ ] Class A Ordinary Shares 

SSN/EIN 

11

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF JOINDER

TO

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

, 20

Reference is made to that certain Non-Redemption
Agreement, dated as of [ ] (the Agreement), by and among (Investor), SK Growth Opportunities
Corporation (the Company) and Auxo Capital Managers LLC (the Sponsor), pursuant to which Investor
acquired Promote Shares from the Company. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such
terms in the Agreement.

By executing this joinder, Investor hereby agrees
that Investor shall become a party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, Webull Corporation
and certain security holder thereto (as it may be amended from time to time, the Registration Rights Agreement),
and shall be bound by the terms and provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder (as defined therein) and entitled to the
rights of a Holder under the Registration Rights Agreement and the Promote Shares (together with any other equity security of the Company
issued or issuable with respect to any such Promote Shares by way of a share dividend or share subdivision or in connection with a combination
of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization) shall be Registrable Securities thereunder.

This joinder may be executed in two or more counterparts,
and by facsimile, all of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

[INVESTOR] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>skgrw-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>skgrw-20250331_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>skgrw-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A Ordinary Shares 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>skgrw-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41432

Entity Registrant Name SK Growth Opportunities Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001912461

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1643582

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 228 Park Avenue S #96693

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10003

City Area Code 917

Local Phone Number 599-1622

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol SKGRU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A Ordinary Shares 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Ordinary Shares

Trading Symbol SKGR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol SKGRW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SKGRW_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SKGRW_ClassOrdinarySharesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SKGRW_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://skgrowthopportunities.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0236379-8k_skgrowth.htm 
skgrw-20250331.xsd 
skgrw-20250331_def.xml 
skgrw-20250331_lab.xml 
skgrw-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-026435-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0236379-8k_skgrowth_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001912461 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

0001912461 

SKGRW:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

0001912461 

SKGRW:ClassOrdinarySharesMember 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

0001912461 

SKGRW:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001912461 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
SK Growth Opportunities Corporation 
E9 
001-41432 
98-1643582 
228 Park Avenue S #96693 
New York 
NY 
10003 
917 
599-1622 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
SKGRU 
NASDAQ 
Class A Ordinary Shares 
SKGR 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 
SKGRW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>