<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-056754.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-056754.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318172413
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-056754
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250317
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001060391
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				650716904
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14267
		FILM NUMBER:		25749684

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18500 N. ALLIED WAY
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480 627 2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18500 N. ALLIED WAY
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REPUBLIC SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980423
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d824295d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000106039100010603912025-03-172025-03-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 17, 2025

Republic Services, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-14267 65-0716904

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

18500 North Allied Way

Phoenix, Arizona 85054

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (480)627-2700

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 Under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share RSG New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 8.01 Other Events. 3

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 3

SIGNATURES 4

EX-1.1 

EX-4.1 

EX-4.2 

EX-4.3 

EX-5.1 

EX-23.1 

EX-104 

2 

Item 8.01 

OTHER EVENTS. 

On March 17, 2025, Republic Services, Inc. (the Company) agreed to sell $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.750% notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.150% notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes), pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated March 17, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters listed on Schedule A of the Underwriting Agreement. The offering is expected to close on or about March 24, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. 

Each series of Notes will be issued pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated November 25, 2009 (the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, to be dated on or about March 24, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee (the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture). The offer and sale of the Notes was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-266553).

The Underwriting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The form of Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The form of 2030 Notes is filed as Exhibit 4.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The form of 2035 Notes is filed as Exhibit 4.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the opinion of Covington & Burling LLP with respect to the validity of the Notes is being filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 17, 2025, among Republic Services, Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the underwriters named therein 

4.1 Form of Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture to the Indenture between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee 

4.2 Form of 4.750% Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.1) 

4.3 Form of 5.150% Notes due 2035 (included as Exhibit A-2 to Exhibit 4.1) 

5.1 Opinion of Covington & Burling LLP, as to the validity of the Notes 

23.1 Consent of Covington & Burling LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1 hereto) 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC.

Date: March 18, 2025 By: 

/s/ Catharine D. Ellingsen

Catharine D. Ellingsen

Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer,

Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d824295dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Execution Version 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

March 17, 2025 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

As Representatives of the several Underwriters 

Named in
Schedule A hereto 

c/o BofA Securities, Inc. 

One Bryant
Park 

New York, New York 10036 

c/o J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Introductory.
Republic Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several Underwriters named in Schedule A (the Underwriters), acting severally and not jointly, the respective
amounts set forth in such Schedule A of: (i) $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 4.750% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes); and (ii) $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.150%
Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Securities). BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC have agreed to act as representatives of the several
Underwriters (in such capacity, the Representatives) in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities. 

The
Securities will be issued pursuant to an indenture (the Base Indenture), dated as of November 25, 2009, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor-in-interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee). Certain terms of the Securities will be established pursuant to a sixteenth supplemental indenture to the

Base Indenture to be entered between the Company and the Trustee and dated as of the Closing Date (as defined herein) (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base
Indenture, the Indenture). The Securities will be issued in book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary), pursuant to the Letter of
Representations of the Company dated March 18, 2005 (the DTC Agreement). 

The Company has prepared and filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), a registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266553), including a base prospectus, relating to debt securities that may be offered from time to time by the Company. Such
registration statement, as amended as of the date hereof, including the information, if any, deemed pursuant to Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act to be part of the registration statement (Rule 430 Information), is
referred to herein as the Registration Statement; and as used herein, the term Preliminary Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated March 17, 2025, together with the base prospectus included therein dated
August 5, 2022, and the term Prospectus means the prospectus in the form first used (or made available upon request of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) in connection with confirmation of sales of the
Securities, which is the final prospectus supplement, dated March 17, 2025, together with the base prospectus included therein dated August 5, 2022. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or
the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, as of the effective
date of the Registration Statement or the date of such Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, and any reference to amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement,
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents filed after such date under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder
(collectively, the Exchange Act) that are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus. 

At or prior to 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the date hereof (the Time of Sale), the Company prepared
the following information (collectively, the Time of Sale Information): (i) the Preliminary Prospectus and (ii) each free-writing prospectus (as defined pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act) listed
on Exhibit C hereto as constituting part of the Time of Sale Information. 

2 

The Company hereby confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows: 

SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company.

The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof, as of the Time of Sale and as of the Closing
Date (in each case, a Representation Date), as follows: 

(a) Registration Statement and Prospectus. The
Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act that has been filed with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof. No notice of objection of
the Commission to the use of such registration statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act has been received by the Company. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement has been issued by the Commission and to the knowledge of the Company no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering has been initiated or threatened by
the Commission. As of the applicable effective date of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, the Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as
amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Trust Indenture Act), and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. As of the date of the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and as of the Closing Date, the Prospectus will comply in all material
respects with the Securities Act and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to (i) that part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statements of Eligibility and
Qualification (Form T-1s) of the trustee under the Trust Indenture Act and (ii) any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished
to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto. 

(b) Time of Sale Information. The Time of Sale Information, at the Time of Sale, did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation
and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in
such Time of Sale Information. 

3 

(c) Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. The Company (including its agents and
representatives, other than the Underwriters in their capacity as such) has not prepared, made, used, authorized, approved or referred to and will not prepare, make, use, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as
defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Securities (each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives (other than a communication referred to in
clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) below) an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus)) other than (i) any document not constituting a prospectus pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the Securities Act or Rule 134 under the Securities
Act, (ii) the Preliminary Prospectus, (iii) the Prospectus, (iv) each free-writing prospectus listed on Exhibit C hereto as constituting part of the Time of Sale Information and (v) any electronic road show or other
written communication, in each case approved in writing in advance by the Representatives. Each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, has been or will be (within the time period specified in
Rule 433) filed in accordance with the Securities Act (to the extent required thereby) and, when taken together with the Preliminary Prospectus accompanying, or delivered prior to delivery of, or filed prior to the first use of such Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus, did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with
information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. 

(d) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Prospectus and the Time of Sale Information (i) at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and (ii) when read together with
the other Time of Sale Information, at the Time of Sale, and when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, did not or will not include an untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(e) Status under the Securities Act. The Company is not an ineligible issuer and is a well-known seasoned issuer, in each case as
defined under the Securities Act, in each case at the times specified in the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Securities. 

(f) The Underwriting Agreement.This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(g) The Indenture and the DTC Agreement. Each of the Base Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized by the
Company. The Base Indenture has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, on the Closing Date, the Supplemental Indenture will have been duly executed and delivered by the Company. On the Closing Date, the Indenture will constitute a
valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar
laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. The Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. The DTC Agreement has 

4 

been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of, the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. 

(h) Authorization of the Securities. The Securities to be purchased by the Underwriters from the Company will be in the form
contemplated by the Indenture, have been duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Company and, when authenticated in the manner
provided for in the Indenture and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.

(i) Description of the Securities and the Indenture. The Securities and the Indenture conform or will conform in all material
respects to the respective descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. 

(j) Accuracy of Statements. The statements in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus under
the captions Description of Notes and Material United States Federal Tax Considerations, in each case insofar as such statements constitute a summary of the legal matters or documents referred to therein, fairly present and
summarize, in all material respects, the matters referred to therein. 

(k) No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise
disclosed in the Time of Sale Information, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Time of Sale Information: (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has sustained any loss or interference with
their respective businesses from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, which loss or interference is material to the Company and its
subsidiaries, considered as one entity; and (ii) there has been no material adverse change, or any development that would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the
business, properties, results of operations or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity (any such change is called a Material
Adverse Change). 

(l) Independent Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm, which
has expressed its opinion with respect to the Companys audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, is an independent public accountant with
respect to the Company as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and is an independent registered public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

5 

(m) Preparation of the Financial Statements. The financial statements, together with
the related notes thereto, included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus present fairly the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and at the
dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) as applied in the United
States on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. The summary historical consolidated financial data included in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and
the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the
Prospectus. There are no financial statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus that are not included or incorporated by reference as required. The interactive data in
eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus present fairly the information called for in all material respects and have been prepared in
accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(n) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and
its Subsidiaries. Each of the Company and its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X, the Significant
Subsidiaries) has been duly incorporated or formed and is validly existing as a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other legal entity, as the case may be, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation or formation, and each has the corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus and, in the case of the Company, to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Significant Subsidiary is duly qualified as a foreign
corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other legal entity to transact business and is in good standing or equivalent status in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing
of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the
issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each subsidiary of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and, except in the case of subsidiaries set forth on Exhibit D hereto, are owned by the
Company, directly or through its subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or claim. The Company does not have any subsidiary not listed on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys most recent Annual Report
on Form 10-K which is required to be so listed as of the date of such Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(o) Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth
in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated by reference in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee
benefit plans or upon exercise of outstanding options, in each case, described in the documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, as the case may be, and other than for
subsequent purchases of capital stock pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs). 

6 

(p) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No
Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is (i) in violation of or in default under (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would be in default)
(Default) its articles of incorporation, charter, by-laws, limited liability company agreement or limited partnership agreement, as applicable, (ii) in Default under any indenture,
mortgage, loan or credit agreement, deed of trust, note, contract, franchise, lease or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which it or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound or to
which any of the property or assets of it or any of its subsidiaries is subject (each, an Existing Instrument) or (iii) in violation of any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any court, regulatory
body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties, as applicable, except, with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii) only, for
such Defaults or violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the Indenture and consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action by the Company and will not result in any Default under the articles of incorporation, charter,
by-laws, limited liability company or limited partnership agreement of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default or a Debt Repayment
Triggering Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to,
any Existing Instrument, and (iii) will not result in any violation of any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency,
governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties except, with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii) only, for such conflicts, breaches, Defaults,
Debt Repayment Triggering Events or violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No
consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the
Indenture or consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including the issuance and sale of the Securities), except such as have been obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities Act, and except for
such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, registrations or filings as may be required under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or foreign securities laws. As used herein, a Debt Repayment Triggering Event means
any event or condition which gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would give, the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) issued by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

7 

(q) No Material Actions or Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, there are no legal or governmental actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the best of the Companys knowledge, threatened (i) against or affecting the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, (ii) which has as the subject thereof any officer or director of, or property owned or leased by, the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) relating to environmental or discrimination matters related to the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, where any such action, suit or proceeding, if determined adversely, would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or adversely affect the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(r) Labor Matters. No material dispute with the employees of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries exists, and the Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of its or its subsidiaries principal suppliers, contractors or customers, that in either case would, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(s) All Necessary Permits, etc. The Company and each
of its subsidiaries possess such valid and current certificates, authorizations, permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations issued by the appropriate state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct
their respective businesses, and none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of or non-compliance with, any such
certificate, authorization, permit, license, approval, consent or other authorization which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change. 

(t) Title to Properties. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the
Prospectus, the Company and each of its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all the properties and assets reflected as owned in the financial statements referred to in Section 1(m) above (or elsewhere in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus), in each case free and clear of any security interests, mortgages, liens, encumbrances, equities, claims and other defects, except such as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The real property, improvements, equipment and personal property held under lease by the Company and any of its subsidiaries are held under valid and enforceable leases, except such as, individually
or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(u) Tax Law Compliance. The Company
and its subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise tax returns in a timely manner and have paid all taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if due and payable, any related or similar
assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them, except for any taxes, assessments, fines or penalties as may be being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, and except where a default to make such filings or payments would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company and its subsidiaries have made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 1(m) above in respect of all federal, state,
local and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has not been finally determined. 

8 

(v) Not anInvestment Company. The Company is not, and after receipt of
payment for the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus will not be, required to register as an investment
company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(w) Insurance. The Company and each of its
subsidiaries are insured by recognized, financially sound and reputable institutions with policies in such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are generally deemed adequate and customary for their businesses. All policies of
insurance insuring the Company or any of its subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect. 

(x) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. None of Company or any of its subsidiaries has taken or will take, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to or that would be reasonably expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

(y) Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related-party transactions involving the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus that have not been described as required. 

(z) No Registration Rights. No person has the right to require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register any securities for
sale under the Securities Act by reason of the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission or the issuance and sale of the Securities. 

(aa) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the best of the Companys
knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the FCPA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of
an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA)
or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA, and the Company and its subsidiaries and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, their affiliates have conducted
their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have, to the extent necessary, instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 

(bb) No Conflict with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all
times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable
jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or 

9 

guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or
governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(cc) No Conflict with OFAC Laws. None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries nor, to the best knowledge of the Company, any
director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without limitation, the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT), or other relevant
sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. The Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the
offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds, to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any Sanctions. 

(dd) Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and
the Prospectus: (i) none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign law, regulation, order, permit or other requirement relating to pollution or protection of human health or the
environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including without limitation, laws and regulations relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened
releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum and petroleum products (collectively, Materials of Environmental Concern), or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Materials of Environment Concern (collectively, Environmental Laws), which violation includes, but is not limited to, noncompliance with any
permits or other governmental authorizations required for the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries under applicable Environmental Laws, or noncompliance with the terms and conditions thereof, nor has the Company or any of
its subsidiaries received any written communication that alleges that the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any Environmental Law, except in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Change; (ii) there is no claim, action or cause of action filed with a court or governmental authority, no investigation with respect to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries has received written notice, and
no written notice by any person or entity to the Company or any of its subsidiaries alleging potential liability for investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental responses costs, natural resources damages, property damages, personal injuries,
attorneys fees or penalties arising out of based on or resulting from the presence, or release into the environment, of any Material of Environmental Concern at any location owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
now or in the past (collectively, Environmental Claims), pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (iii) to the best knowledge of the Company, there are no past, present or anticipated future actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events or

10 

incidents, including, without limitation, the release, emission, discharge, presence or disposal of any Material of Environmental Concern, that reasonably would be expected to result in a
violation of any Environmental Law, require expenditures to be incurred pursuant to Environmental Law, or form the basis of a potential Environmental Claim against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except as would not individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expect to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(ee) Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. There is and has been no
failure on the part of the Company and any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in any material respect with any applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations
promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. 

(ff) Companys Accounting System. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain effective internal control over financial reporting,
as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

(gg) Internal Controls and
Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general
or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

(hh) No Material Weakness in Internal Controls. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the
Prospectus, since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (i) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (ii) no change in the
Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

(ii) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). The Company has carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule
13a-15 under the Exchange Act. 

(jj) Cybersecurity. Except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, the Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases
(collectively, IT Systems) are reasonably believed by the Company to be adequate for, and operate and perform as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently
conducted. The Company and its subsidiaries use the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, and consistent therewith have implemented, and continue to monitor and develop, commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to prevent,
detect, and address the risk of 

11 

unauthorized use, misuse, intrusion and similar events involving the IT Systems. To the knowledge of the Company, there have been no breaches or unauthorized uses of or accesses to the IT
Systems, and no such incidents are under internal investigation, that individually or in the aggregate, have, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Change. 

Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed to
be a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters set forth therein. 

SECTION 2.
Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Securities.

(a) The Securities. The Company agrees to issue and sell to the
Underwriters, severally and not jointly, all of the Securities upon the terms herein set forth. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the
Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company (i) the aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes set forth opposite their names on Schedule A at a purchase price of 99.036% of the principal amount thereof, and
(ii) the aggregate principal amount of 2035 Notes set forth opposite their names on Schedule A at a purchase price of 98.675% of the principal amount thereof plus, in each case, accrued interest, if any, from March 24, 2025, payable on the
Closing Date. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any of the Securities except upon payment for all the Securities to be purchased as provided herein. 

(b) The Closing Date. Delivery of certificates for the Securities in global form to be purchased by the Underwriters and payment
therefor shall be made at the offices of counsel for the Representatives (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives) at 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on March 24, 2025, or such other time and date as the
Representatives and the Company shall mutually agree (the time and date of such closing are called the Closing Date). 

(c) Offering of the Securities. The Representatives hereby advise the Company that the Underwriters intend to make a public offering,
in the manner described in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, of their respective portions of the Securities as soon after the execution and delivery of this Agreement as the Representatives, in their sole judgment, have determined is
advisable and practicable. 

(d) Payment for the Securities. Payment for the Securities shall be made on the Closing Date by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to the order of the Company. 

It is understood that the Representatives have been authorized, for
their own accounts and for the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Securities that the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. The Representatives may (but shall
not be obligated to) make payment for any Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received by the Representatives by the Closing Date for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve
such Underwriter from any of its obligations under this Agreement. 

12 

(e) Delivery of the Securities. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered,
the Securities through the facilities of the Depositary to the Representatives for the accounts of the several Underwriters on the Closing Date, against the irrevocable release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the
purchase price therefor. The certificates for the Securities in global form shall be registered in the name of a nominee for the Depositary and shall be made available for inspection on the business day preceding the Closing Date. Time shall be of
the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to the obligations of the Underwriters. 

SECTION 3. Covenants of the Company.

The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows: 

(a) Preparation of Final Prospectus; Underwriters Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. The Company will file the final
Prospectus with the Commission within the time periods specified by Rule 424(b) and Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act, will file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (including the Pricing Term Sheet in the form of Exhibit B hereto) to
the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act, and will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of the Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the offering or sale of the Securities. The Company will furnish copies of the Prospectus and each
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (to the extent not previously delivered) to the Underwriters in New York City prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day next succeeding the date of this Agreement in such quantities as the
Representatives may reasonably request. The Company will pay the registration fees for this offering within the time period required by Rule 456(b)(1)(i) under the Securities Act (without giving effect to the proviso therein) and in any event prior
to the Closing Date. Before using, authorizing, approving, referring to or filing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and before filing any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus prior to the completion of the
offering of the Securities, the Company will furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters a copy of the proposed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, amendment or supplement for review and will not use, authorize, approve, refer to or
file any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Representatives have reasonably and promptly objected; provided, however, that nothing herein shall prohibit the Company from filing
any document pursuant to the Exchange Act so long as the Underwriters have been (x) provided with notice of the Companys intention to make such filing as soon as practicable and (y) furnished with a copy of the proposed filing in
advance of the filing thereof with the Commission. 

(b) Amendments and Supplements to the Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters.
If, prior to the later of (x) the Closing Date and (y) the end of the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below), any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which (i) the Time of Sale Information (prior to the
Closing Date) or the Prospectus (prior to the later of the Closing Date and the end of the Prospectus Delivery Period), in both cases as then amended or supplemented, would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances, not 

13 

misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of Sale Information (prior to the Closing Date) or the Prospectus (prior to the later of the Closing Date and the end of
the Prospectus Delivery Period) to comply with law, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (a) above, file with the Commission (to the extent required) and furnish to the
Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate, such amendments or supplements to the Time of Sale Information (prior to the Closing Date) or the Prospectus (prior to the later of the Closing Date and the end of the Prospectus
Delivery Period) as may be necessary so that the statements in the Time of Sale Information (prior to the Closing Date) or the Prospectus (prior to the later of the Closing Date and the end of the Prospectus Delivery Period), in both cases as so
amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances, be misleading or so that the Time of Sale Information (prior to the Closing Date) or the Prospectus (prior to the later of the Closing Date and the end of the Prospectus Delivery
Period) will comply with law. 

The Company hereby expressly acknowledges that the indemnification and contribution provisions of Sections
8 and 9 hereof are specifically applicable and relate to each registration statement, prospectus, amendment or supplement referred to in this Section 3. 

(c) Copies of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. The Company agrees to furnish the
Underwriters, without charge, as many copies of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus and any amendments and supplements thereto as they shall have reasonably requested through the later of the Closing Date and
the end of the Prospectus Delivery Period. As used herein, the term Prospectus Delivery Period means such period of time after the first date of the public offering of the Securities as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters a
prospectus relating to the Securities is required by law to be delivered (or required to be delivered but for Rule 172 under the Securities Act) in connection with sales of the Securities by any Underwriter or dealer. 

(d) Notice to the Representatives. Prior to the end of the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will advise the Representatives
promptly, and confirm such advice in writing: (i) when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective; (ii) when any supplement to the Prospectus or any amendment to the Prospectus or any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus has been filed; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or the receipt of any comments from the Commission relating to the
Registration Statement or any other request by the Commission for any additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending the use of
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act; (v) of the occurrence of any event within the Prospectus Delivery Period as a
result of which the Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading; (vi) of
the receipt by the Company of any notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act;

14 

and (vii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice with respect to any suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offer and sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or
threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, preventing or suspending the use of any
Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or suspending any such qualification of the Securities and, if any such order is issued, will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof. 

(e) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters to qualify or register
the Securities for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Representatives, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications,
registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities. The Company shall not be required to qualify to transact business or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any
such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign business. 

(f) Use of
Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities sold by it in the manner described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. 

(g) Depositary. The Company will cooperate with the Underwriters and use its best efforts to permit the Securities to be eligible for
clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary. 

(h) Periodic Reporting Obligations. Prior to the end of the
Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under Section 13 or 15 of the Exchange Act. The Company will make generally available to its security
holders and the Representatives as soon as practicable an earning statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder covering a period of at least twelve months
beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the effective date (as defined in Rule 158) of the Registration Statement. 

(i) Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Securities. During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Closing
Date, the Company and its subsidiaries will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Representatives), directly or indirectly, sell, offer, contract or grant any
option to sell, pledge, transfer or establish an open put equivalent position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or announce the
offering of, or file any registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of any debt securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries similar to the Securities or securities exchangeable for or convertible into debt securities similar
to the Securities (other than as contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Securities). 

(j) No Manipulation of Price. The
Company and its subsidiaries will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or
manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

15 

(k) Record Retention. The Company will, pursuant to reasonable procedures developed
in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the Securities Act. 

The Representatives, on behalf of the several Underwriters, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the performance by the Company of
any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. 

SECTION 4. Payment of
Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation: (i) all
expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Securities (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities; (iii) all fees
and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors; (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the
Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement, the Indenture, the DTC Agreement and the
Securities; (v) all reasonable filing fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or
any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws and preparing a Blue Sky Survey or memorandum, and any supplements thereto; (vi) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture and the Securities; (vii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Securities with the ratings agencies; (viii) all fees and expenses (including
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Securities by the Depositary for book-entry transfer; and (ix) all other fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance
of its obligations hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this Section. Except as provided in this Section 4 and Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of
their counsel. 

SECTION 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters.The obligations of the
several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Securities as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of each
Representation Date as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: 

16 

(a) Registration Compliance; No Stop Order. No order suspending the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement shall be in effect, and no proceeding for such purpose, pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or pursuant to Section 8A under the Securities Act, shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission. The Prospectus and each
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall have been timely filed with the Commission under the Securities Act (in the case of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act) and in accordance with
Section 3(a) hereof. All requests by the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representatives. 

(b) Accountants Comfort Letter. On the date hereof, the Representatives shall have received from the Companys independent
registered public accountants a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain financial
information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. 

(c)
Bring-down Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received from the Companys independent registered public accountants a letter dated such date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall
be no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date. 

(d) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the
period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date: 

(i) in the judgment of the
Representatives there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; 

(ii) there shall not have been any change or
decrease specified in the letter of the Companys independent registered public accountants referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section 5 which is, in the judgment of the Representatives, so material and adverse as to make it
impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus; and 

(iii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential
downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as such
term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act. 

(e) Opinions of Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date, the
Representatives shall have received the favorable opinions and negative assurance letter of Covington & Burling LLP, counsel for the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A-1 and the favorable opinion of Catharine D. Ellingsen, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, the form of which is attached as Exhibit
A-2.

17 

(f) Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. On the Closing Date, the Representatives
shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance letter of Freshfields US LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated as of such Closing Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters. 

(g) Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received a written certificate executed by the
Treasurer of the Company and the Corporate Secretary or Assistant Corporate Secretary of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, to the effect that: 

(i) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement are true and correct with
the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of such Closing Date; and 

(ii) the Company has complied with
all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to such Closing Date. 

(h) The Supplemental Indenture. The Company shall have entered into the Supplemental Indenture and the Underwriters shall have received
executed counterparts thereof. 

(i) No Objection. Either no filing with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
(FINRA) shall be required, or FINRA shall have confirmed that it has not raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and arrangements. 

(j) Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date, the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such
information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and
warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained. 

If any condition specified in this
Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the
part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 17 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

SECTION 6. Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives
pursuant to Section 5, 11(i) (solely as it applies to a suspension or limitation in trading or quotation in any of the Companys securities) or 11(iv), or if the sale to the Underwriters of the Securities on the Closing Date is not
consummated because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters (or such
Underwriters as have terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves), severally, upon demand for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been
incurred by the Representatives and the Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Securities, including but not limited to reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses,
postage, facsimile and telephone charges. 

18 

SECTION 7. Certain Agreements of the Underwriters. Each
Underwriter hereby represents and agrees that: 

(A) It has not and will not use, authorize use of, refer to, or
participate in the planning for use of, any free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (which term includes use of any written information furnished to the Commission by the Company and not incorporated by
reference into the Registration Statement and any press release issued by the Company) other than (i) a free writing prospectus that, solely as a result of use by such underwriter, would not trigger an obligation to file such free writing
prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433, (ii) any free writing prospectus listed on Exhibit C (including any electronic road show or other written communications, in each case approved in writing in advance by the Representatives), or
(iii) any free writing prospectus prepared by such underwriter and approved by the Company in writing in advance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Underwriters may use a term sheet substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto without the
consent of the Company. 

(B) It is not subject to any pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act with
respect to the offering (and will promptly notify the Company if any such proceeding against it is initiated during the Prospectus Delivery Period). 

(C) Each Underwriter agrees to the offering restrictions as set forth on Exhibit E hereto. 

SECTION 8. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers,
employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter or such
director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation,
if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any amendment thereto or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein not misleading, or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Time of Sale
Information or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Underwriter and
each such director, officer, employee, agent and controlling person for any and all expenses (including the 

19 

reasonable fees and disbursements of a single firm of counsel chosen by the Representatives and a single firm of local counsel in each relevant local jurisdiction) as such expenses are reasonably
incurred by such Underwriters or such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided,
however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or
omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), the
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Time of Sale Information. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may
otherwise have. 

(b) Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold
harmless the Company and its directors, officers and employees and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act to the same extent as the indemnity set forth in paragraph (a) above,
but only with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses that arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information
relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Time of Sale Information; and to reimburse the Company and each such director, officer, employee or controlling person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of their counsel)
as such expenses are reasonably incurred by the Company or such director, officer, employee or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or
action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), the Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Time of Sale Information are the following statements set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus: (i) the third paragraph under the heading Underwriting
(Conflicts of Interest), (ii) the third sentence of the sixth paragraph under the heading Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest), (iii) the seventh paragraph under the heading Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest), (iv)
the eighth paragraph under the heading Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) and (v) the second, third and fourth sentences of the fourteenth paragraph under the heading Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest). The indemnity
agreement set forth in this Section 8(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. 

(c)
Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made
against an indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability under this Section 8 to
the extent it is not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure and will not 

20 

relieve it from any liability otherwise than under this Section 8. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek
indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified
party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, such indemnified party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party, unless: (i) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized in writing by the indemnifying party; (ii) the indemnifying
party has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; or (iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both such indemnified party and the
indemnifying party or any affiliate of the indemnifying party, and such indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded, based on advice from counsel, that either (x) there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different
from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party or (y) a conflict may exist between such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party (it
being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in
addition to a single firm of local counsel) for all such indemnified parties, which firm shall be designated in writing by the Representatives in the case of the indemnified parties referred to in Section 8(a) and by the Company in the case of
the indemnified parties referred to in Section 8(b) and that all such reasonable fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred). Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying
partys election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses
subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence, in which case the reasonable fees
and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party. 

(d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this
Section 8 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the
indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the
indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 8(c) hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such
settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request or disputed in good
faith the indemnified partys entitlement to such reimbursement prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the
entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and 

21 

indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party
from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

SECTION 9. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 8 is for any reason held to be
unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or
payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the
one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which
resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with
the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the
Company, and the total discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate initial offering price of the Securities. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand,
and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed
to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8(c), any reasonable legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in
Section 8 hereof with respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under this Section 9; provided, however, that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any
action for which notice has been given under Section 8 hereof for purposes of indemnification. 

The Company and the Underwriters
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which
does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 9. 

22 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, no Underwriter shall be required to
contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discount received by such Underwriter in connection with the Securities underwritten by it exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been
required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution
from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 9 are several in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite
their names in Schedule A, and not joint. For purposes of this Section 9, each director, officer, employee and agent of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director, officer and employee of the Company and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall
have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

SECTION 10. Default of One or More of the Several
Underwriters.If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the aggregate principal amount of
Securities which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities to be purchased on such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated,
severally, in the proportion that the aggregate principal amounts of such Securities set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A bears to the aggregate principal amount of such Securities set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase such
Securities which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase such Securities and the aggregate
principal amount of such Securities with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Securities to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives and the Company for the
purchase of such Securities are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party, except that the provisions of Sections 4, 8, 9 and 17 shall at all times be effective and
shall survive such termination. In any such case, either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus or any other documents or arrangements may be effected. As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this
Section 10. Any action taken under this Section 10 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement. 

23 

SECTION 11. Termination of this Agreement. Prior to the Closing
Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice given to the Company if at any time: (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or the New York
Stock Exchange, or trading in securities generally on either the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock
exchanges by the Commission or FINRA; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of the federal or New York authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international
hostilities or any crisis or calamity involving the United States, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or
international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Representatives is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to offer, sell or deliver the Securities in the manner and on the terms described
in the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; (iv) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change; or (v) there shall have occurred a
material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services. Any termination pursuant to this Section 11 shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Sections 4 and 6 hereof, and
provided further that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 17 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

SECTION 12. No Fiduciary Duty.The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of
the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction
between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; (ii) in connection with each transaction contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary of the
Company or its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering
contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the several Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the
Company and that the several Underwriters have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax
advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. Any review by the Representatives or any Underwriter of the Company, the
transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Representatives or such Underwriter and shall not be on behalf of the Company or any other person. 

24 

This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral)
between the Company and the several Underwriters with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the several Underwriters with
respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto. 

SECTION 13. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements,
representations, warranties and other statements of the Company or its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement (i) will remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any
(A) investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the officers or employees of any Underwriters, or any person controlling the Underwriter, the Company, the officers or employees of the Company,
or any person controlling the Company, as the case may be or (B) acceptance of the Securities and payment for them hereunder and (ii) will survive delivery of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this
Agreement. 

SECTION 14. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand
delivered or delivered by overnight courier to the parties hereto as follows: 

If to the Representatives: 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

114 West
47th Street 

NY8-114-07-01

New York, NY 10036 

Attention:
High Grade Transaction Management/Legal 

Facsimile: (212) 901-7881

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383
Madison Avenue 

New York, NY 10179 

Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk 

Facsimile: (212) 834-6081

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550
South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 

Charlotte, NC 28202 

Attention: Transaction Management 

Email: tmgcapitalmarkets@wellsfargo.com 

25 

with a copy to: 

Freshfields US LLP 

3 World Trade
Center 

175 Greenwich Street 

New York, NY 10007 

Attention:
Valerie Ford Jacob and Michael A. Levitt 

If to the Company: 

Republic Services, Inc. 

18500
North Allied Way 

Phoenix, AZ 85054 

Attention: Catharine D. Ellingsen, Executive Vice President, 

Chief Legal Officer, Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary 

with a copy to: 

Covington & Burling LLP 

One CityCenter 

850 Tenth Street,
NW 

Washington, DC 20001-4956 

Attention: Kerry Shannon Burke 

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. 

SECTION 15. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto,
including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 10 hereof, and to the benefit of the directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in Sections 8 and 9, and in each case their respective successors, and no
other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors shall not include any purchaser of the Securities as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason of such purchase. 

SECTION 16. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of
this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be
deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

SECTION 17. Governing Law Provisions. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THAT STATE. 

26 

SECTION 18. General Provisions. This Agreement may be executed
in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic
signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered
shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be
waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

SECTION 19. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(i) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the
transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any
such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(ii) In the event that any
Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

As used in this Section 19: 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act
and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

27 

SECTION 20. USA Patriot Act.In accordance with the
requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their
respective clients, including the Company, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 

SECTION 21. Contractual Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-In Powers.
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of this Agreement or any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Company and the Underwriters, the Company acknowledges and accepts that a BRRD Liability (as defined
below) arising under this Agreement may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers (as defined below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below), and acknowledges, accepts and agrees to be bound
by: 

a. 

the effect of the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution
Authority in relation to any BRRD Liability of the Underwriters (the Relevant BRRD Party) to the Company under this Agreement, that (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof:

i. 

the reduction of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability or outstanding amounts due thereon;

ii. 

the conversion of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability into shares, other securities or other obligations
of the Relevant BRRD Party or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Company of such shares, securities or obligations; 

iii. 

the cancellation of the BRRD Liability; 

iv. 

the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, or the dates on which any payments are
due, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 

b. 

the variation of the terms of this Agreement, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give
effect to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 

As used in this Section 21: 

Bail-in Legislation means in relation to a member state of the European Economic Area
which has implemented, or which at any time implements, the BRRD, the relevant implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement as described in the EU Bail-in Legislation Schedule from time to time. 

Bail-in Powers means any Write-down and Conversion Powers as defined in the EU Bail-in Legislation Schedule, in relation to the relevant Bail-in Legislation. 

28 

BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. 

BRRD Liability means a liability in respect of which the relevant
Write Down and Conversion Powers in the applicable Bail-in Legislation may be exercised. 

EU
Bail-in Legislation Schedule means the document described as such, then in effect, and published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person) from time to time at http://www.lma.eu.com. 

Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any
Bail-in Powers in relation to the Relevant BRRD Party. 

29 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Calvin R. Boyd

Name: Calvin R. Boyd

Title: Vice President, Finance & Treasurer

[Signature Page Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives
as of the date first above written. It is understood that by executing this Underwriting Agreement on behalf of each of the Underwriters, each Representative represents that it is authorized to execute this Underwriting Agreement on behalf of each
of the Underwriters. 

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

Acting as Representatives of the

several Underwriters named in

the attached Schedule A.

By: BofA Securities, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Christopher Cote

Name: Christopher Cote

Title: Managing Director

By: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

By: 

/s/ Robert Bottamedi

Name: Robert Bottamedi

Title: Executive Director

By: Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

By: 

/s/ Carolyn Hurley

Name: Carolyn Hurley

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriters Aggregate Principal

Amount of 2030 Notes

to be Purchased 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 71,250,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 71,250,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 71,250,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 71,250,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 71,250,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. 20,000,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 20,000,000 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 20,000,000 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. 20,000,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. 20,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 20,000,000 

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI Securities Corp. 13,750,000 

C.L. King & Associates, Inc. 10,000,000 

Total $ 500,000,000 

Underwriters Aggregate Principal

Amount of 2035 Notes

to be Purchased 

BofA Securities, Inc. 103,880,000 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 103,880,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 103,880,000 

Barclays Capital Inc. 103,880,000 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 103,880,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 21,000,000 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 21,000,000 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. 21,000,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. 21,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 21,000,000 

Comerica Securities, Inc. 10,500,000 

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI Securities Corp. 10,500,000 

Sch-A

PNC Capital Markets LLC 10,500,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 10,500,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 10,500,000 

Academy Securities, Inc. 7,700,000 

Loop Capital Markets LLC 7,700,000 

Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. 7,700,000 

Total $ 700,000,000 

Sch-A

EXHIBIT A-1

Form of Opinion of Covington & Burling LLP 

1. The Company is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the law of the State of Delaware and has the corporate power and
authority to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture and to issue, sell and deliver the Notes to be sold by it to the Underwriters as provided in the Underwriting Agreement and to own and lease its properties
and conduct its business as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

2. The Company has duly authorized, executed
and delivered the Underwriting Agreement. 

3. The Notes have been duly authorized and executed by the Company, and assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery of the Indenture by the Trustee, when duly authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters in accordance with the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms and entitled to the benefits of the Indenture, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

4. The Base Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of
the Base Indenture by the Trustee, the Base Indenture constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

5.
The Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture by the Trustee, the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability
relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

6. The Indenture has been duly qualified under the
Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. 

7. Except as to (i) the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and the
schedules and other financial data and the statistical data derived therefrom in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and (ii) the statement of eligibility and qualification of the Trustee under the
Indenture filed as Exhibit 25.1 to the Registration Statement, as to each of which we express no opinion, each of the Registration Statement, as of the 430B Effective Time, the Pricing Prospectus, as of the Applicable Time (as defined below), and
the Prospectus, as of its date, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Act. 

A-1-1 

8. The statements in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the captions
Description of Notes and, insofar as applicable to the Notes, Description of Debt Securities, insofar as such statements constitute a summary of the legal matters or documents referred to therein, are accurate in all material
respects. 

9. The Registration Statement has become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462 under the Act, and, to
our knowledge, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or threatened under the Act. The Prospectus has been filed with the Commission pursuant
to, and in accordance with, Rule 424(b) under the Act. 

10. The statements made under the caption Material United States Federal Tax
Considerations in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, insofar as such statements constitute a summary of the legal matters or documents referred to therein, are accurate in all material respects. 

11. The Company is not, and, immediately after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof
as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

12. No consent, approval, authorization or other action by or filing with any governmental agency or instrumentality of the State of New York
or the United States of America or under the DGCL is required on the part of the Company for the execution and delivery of the Underwriting Agreement, the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture or the Notes, or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated thereby and by the Indenture in accordance with the terms thereof, except those required under Federal and State securities laws. 

13. The execution and delivery of the Underwriting Agreement, the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes by the Company and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby and by the Indenture in accordance with the terms thereof do not (i) violate the DGCL or any New York or Federal statute, law, rule or regulation known to us to which the
Company is subject, (ii) breach the provisions of the Companys Charter or Bylaws, (iii) breach the provisions of, or cause a default under, any contract listed on Schedule A hereto or (iv) contravene any judgment, order or
decree listed on Schedule B hereto. 

In addition, in accordance with our understanding with the Company as to the scope of our services in connection with
the offering of the Notes, as special counsel to the Company, we reviewed the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and participated in discussions with your representatives and those of the Company, your counsel
and the Companys independent public accountants. On the basis of the information reviewed by us in the course of the performance of the services referred to above, considered in the light of our understanding of the applicable law and the
experience we have gained through our practice under the Federal securities laws, we confirm to you that nothing that came to our attention in the 

A-1-2 

course of such review has caused us to believe (i) that the Registration Statement, insofar as it relates to the offering of the Notes, at the 430B Effective Time, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) that the Pricing Disclosure Package, at the Applicable Time (as defined
below), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (iii) that the
Prospectus, as of its date or as of the date hereof, contained or contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. 

A-1-3 

EXHIBIT A-2

Form of opinion of Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary 

(i) 

Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, there are
no legal or governmental actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the best of my knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries where any such action, suit or proceeding, if determined adversely, would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. 

A-2-1 

EXHIBIT B 

B-1 

Filed Pursuant to Rule 433 

Registration No. 333-266553

Republic Services, Inc. 

Pricing Term Sheet 

March 17, 2025 

4.750% Notes due July 15, 2030 (the 2030 Notes) 

5.150% Notes due March 15, 2035 (the 2035 Notes) 

Issuer: Republic Services, Inc.

Ratings (Moodys / S&P / Fitch)*: [Intentionally omitted]

Trade Date: March 17, 2025

Settlement Date**: March 24, 2025 (T+5)

Terms of the 2030 Notes

Principal Amount: $500,000,000

Maturity Date: July 15, 2030

Benchmark Treasury: UST 4.000% due February 28, 2030

Benchmark Treasury Price and Yield: 99-1734 and 4.100%

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: T+73 basis points

Yield to Maturity: 4.830%

Price to Public: 99.636% of the principal amount

Coupon (Interest Rate): 4.750%

Interest Payment Dates: January 15 and July 15, beginning July 15, 2025

Underwriting Discount: 0.600%

Make-Whole Call: Prior to June 15, 2030 (one month before the maturity date), T +15 basis points

Par Call: On or after June 15, 2030 (one month before the maturity date)

CUSIP/ISIN: 760759 BL3 / US760759BL30

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC

PNC Capital Markets LLC

RBC Capital Markets,
LLC

TD Securities (USA) LLC

BofA Securities, Inc.

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

Truist Securities, Inc.

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

Co-Managers: 

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI Securities Corp.

C.L.
King & Associates, Inc.

B-2 

Terms of the 2035 Notes

Principal Amount: $700,000,000

Maturity Date: March 15, 2035

Benchmark Treasury: UST 4.625% due February 15, 2035

Benchmark Treasury Price and Yield: 102-17 and 4.308%

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: T+93 basis points

Yield to Maturity: 5.238%

Price to Public: 99.325% of the principal amount

Coupon (Interest Rate): 5.150%

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15, beginning September 15, 2025

Underwriting Discount: 0.650%

Make-Whole Call: Prior to December 15, 2034 (three months before the maturity date), T +15 basis points

Par Call: On or after December 15, 2034 (three months before the maturity date)

CUSIP/ISIN: 760759 BM1 / US760759BM13

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

BofA Securities, Inc.

J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

Barclays Capital Inc.

BNP Paribas Securities Corp.

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

Truist Securities, Inc.

U.S. Bancorp Investments,
Inc.

Co-Managers: 

Comerica Securities, Inc.

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI
Securities Corp.

PNC Capital Markets LLC

RBC Capital Markets,
LLC

TD Securities (USA) LLC

Academy Securities, Inc.

Loop Capital Markets LLC

Samuel A. Ramirez & Company,
Inc.

* 

A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or
withdrawal at any time. 

** 

The issuer expects to deliver the notes against payment for them on or about March 24, 2025, which will be
the 5th business day following the date of the pricing of the notes. Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally must
settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes on any date prior to the business day immediately preceding delivery will be required, by virtue of the
fact that the notes initially will settle in T+5 business days, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers who wish to trade the notes prior to the business day immediately
preceding delivery should consult their own advisers. 

B-3 

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus and preliminary prospectus
supplement) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about
the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if
you request it by calling, with respect to the 2030 Notes, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (212) 834-4533, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at (800) 645-3751, PNC Capital
Markets LLC at (855) 881-0697, RBC Capital Markets, LLC at (866) 375-6829 or TD Securities (USA) LLC at (855) 495-9846 and, with
respect to the 2035 Notes, BofA Securities, Inc. at (800) 294-1322, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (212) 834-4533, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at (800) 645-3751, Barclays Capital Inc. at (888) 603-5847 or BNP Paribas Securities Corp. at (800) 854-5674.

This pricing term sheet supplements the preliminary prospectus supplement issued by Republic Services, Inc. on March 17, 2025 relating to its
Prospectus dated August 5, 2022. 

B-4 

EXHIBIT C 

Free Writing Prospectuses Constituting Part of the Time of Sale Information 

Pricing Term Sheet dated March 17, 2025. 

C-1 

EXHIBIT D 

11456091 Canada Inc. 

16037721 Canada Inc. 

25 Ashdown Road Solar, LLC 

3G&L 

8439117 Canada Inc. 

AES Accabonac Solar, LLC 

AES Broadalbin Solar, LLC 

AES CE RS XVI, LLC 

AES CE RS XXII, LLC 

AES DE RS I, LLC 

AES DE RS II, LLC 

AES DE RS III, LLC 

AES DE RS IV, LLC 

AES DE RS IX, LLC 

AES DE RS V, LLC 

AES DE RS VI, LLC 

AES DE RS VII, LLC 

AES DE RS VIII, LLC 

AES DE RS X, LLC 

AES DE RS XI, LLC 

AES DE RS XII, LLC 

AES DE RS XIV, LLC 

AES DE RS XV, LLC 

AES ES Westwing, LLC 

AES Gabreski Solar, LLC 

AES Greece Solar, LLC 

AES Holland Solar, LLC 

AES Johnsville Solar, LLC 

AES Kekaha Solar, LLC 

AES Lawai Solar, LLC 

AES Monroe Solar A, LLC 

AES Monroe Solar B, LLC 

AES Monroe Solar C, LLC 

AES Monroe Solar D, LLC 

AES Monroe Solar E, LLC 

AES Orphan Farm Solar, LLC 

AES RH RS XVII, LLC 

AES RH RS XXI, LLC 

AES Rochester Solar, LLC 

AES Tonawanda Solar, LLC 

AES Warwarsing Solar, LLC 

Agromin OC, LLC 

Allis Medina Solar, LLC 

Amaterasu LLC 

Ameresco Roxana RNG LLC 

D-1 

APR Walden Solar 1, LLC 

Assonet Solar 1, LLC 

Bakersfield Industrial PV 1, LLC 

Bakersfield PV 1, LLC 

Beals Medina Solar, LLC 

Blackhorse Farm Solar, LLC 

Bloomington Haulers, LLC 

Blue Polymers, LLC 

Bullock Freetown Solar 1, LLC 

BWC Lake Lashaway, LLC 

BWC Muddy Brook, LLC 

Central Line Solar, LLC 

Champlin Refuse, Inc. 

Continental Waste Industries Gary, Inc. 

Cronin Road Solar
1, LLC 

Delano PV 1, LLC 

Dunstable Solar 1, LLC 

East Brookfield Main Street Solar LLC 

Evergreen National
Indemnity Company 

Finchville Solar, LLC 

Foothill Sanitary
Landfill, Inc. 

Founders Homestead Farm Solar, LLC 

Greenwich Solar 1, LLC 

Johnstown Solar 1, LLC 

Lane Ave Solar LLC 

Lightning Renewables, LLC 

Manteca PV 1, LLC 

Marion Investment Group, LLC 

Marion Recycling Center, Inc. 

Marion Resource Recovery Facility,
LLC 

Maui 17-2 LLC 

Middletown Solar 1, LLC 

NRC (Asia Pacific) Ltd. 

NY RNM Project1, LLC 

NY RNM Project1A, LLC 

NY RNM Project2, LLC 

NY RNM Project3, LLC 

NY RNM Project4, LLC 

Oahu SPE
101-14 LLC 

Oahu SPE 101-19 LLC 

Oahu SPE 101-2 LLC 

Oahu
SPE 101-4 LLC 

Oahu SPE 101-9 LLC 

Ransomville Solar 1, LLC 

Richmond Solar Power 1, LLC 

Rincon Solar I, LLC 

D-2 

River Street Solar 1, LLC 

Roosevelt Associates 

RT52 Walden Solar 1, LLC 

Ryan Road Solar LLC 

Simmons & Eastern, LLC 

Silver Peak Energy, LLC 

Skipjack Solar Center, LLC 

St. Paul Haulers, LLC 

Toro Energy of Indiana, LLC 

Trash Butler, LLC 

University Solar, LLC 

VHG, Inc. 

W. Orange RD Solar LLC 

Warner Hill Development Company 

Waste Repurposing International,
Inc. 

West Brookfield Boston Post Road Solar LLC 

West Street
Solar 1, LLC 

Wilbur Woods Solar LLC 

Williamsburg East
Street Solar LLC 

Winchendon Ash Street Solar 1 LLC 

Winchendon Lincoln Avenue Solar 1 LLC 

Winchendon Lincoln Avenue
Solar 2 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-001 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-003 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-007 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-008 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-011 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-014 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-017 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-021 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-023 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-024 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-038 LLC 

ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-044 LLC 

D-3 

EXHIBIT E 

Offering Restrictions 

Notice to
Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area 

The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For the purposes of this provision: 

(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 

(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 

(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 

(iii) not a
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation); and 

(b) the expression
offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 

Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom 

The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 

(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is
one (or more) of the following: 

(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it
forms part of United Kingdom law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 

E-1 

(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets
Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom law by virtue of the EUWA; or 

(iii) not a qualified
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of United Kingdom law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 

(b) the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 

Consequently no key information document
required by assimilated Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the
United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 

This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any other material in relation to the Notes are only being distributed to, and are directed only
at, persons located outside the United Kingdom or in the United Kingdom who are qualified investors (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation who are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the Order), or (ii) high net worth entities or other persons falling within Articles 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order, or (iii) persons to
whom it would otherwise be lawful to distribute the aforementioned materials, all such persons together being referred to as Relevant Persons. The Notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase
or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with, Relevant Persons. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and their contents should not be distributed, published or reproduced (in whole or in part) or disclosed by
any recipients to any other person in the United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or their contents. The Notes are not being
offered to the public in the United Kingdom. 

In addition, in the United Kingdom, each underwriter has represented and agreed the Notes may not be offered
other than by an underwriter that: 

has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an
invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to
us; and 

E-2 

has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in
relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 

Notice to Prospective Investors in Canada 

The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument
45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 

Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus
supplement (including any amendment to it) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchasers
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchasers province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 

Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI
33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this
offering. 

Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia 

This prospectus supplement: 

(a) does not
constitute a product disclosure document or a prospectus under Chapter 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the Corporations Act); 

(b) has not been, and will not be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), as a disclosure
document for the purposes of the Corporations Act and does not purport to include the information required of a disclosure document under Chapter 6D.2 of the Corporations Act; 

(c) does not constitute or involve a recommendation to acquire, an offer or invitation for issue or sale, an offer or invitation to arrange
the issue or sale, or an issue or sale, of interests to a retail client (as defined in section 761G of the Corporations Act and applicable regulations) in Australia; and 

E-3 

(d) may only be provided in Australia to select investors who are able to demonstrate that
they fall within one or more of the categories of investors, or Exempt Investors, available under section 708 of the Corporations Act. 

Notice to
Prospective Investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre 

This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relate to an Exempt
Offer in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in
the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. They must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein or therein and has no responsibility for the prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. The Notes to which this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus relate may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Notes offered should conduct their own due diligence on the Notes. If you do not understand the contents
of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 

Notice to Prospective Investors in
Hong Kong 

Each underwriter (i) has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than
(a) to professional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO) and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the
document being a prospectus as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and
(ii) has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes,
which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which are or are intended to be
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to professional investors as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance. 

Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan 

The Notes have
not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act. Accordingly, none of the Notes nor any interest therein may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to,
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with,
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan in effect at the relevant time. 

E-4 

Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore 

This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus have not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore
(MAS). Accordingly, this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes may not be circulated or
distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274
of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the SFA), (ii) to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 

Where the Notes are subscribed or
purchased under Section 275 by a relevant person which is: (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals,
each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor, shares, debentures and units of shares and
debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries rights and interest in that trust shall not be transferable for 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes under Section 275, except: (1) to an
institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA; (2) where no consideration is
given for the transfer; or (3) by operation of law. 

Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the
SFA, we have determined, and hereby notify all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products)
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 

Notice to Prospective Investors
in South Korea 

The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Investments Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea and the
decrees and regulations thereunder (the FSCMA) and the Notes have been and will be offered in Korea as a private placement under the FSCMA. None of the Notes may be offered, sold and delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold
to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign
Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and regulations thereunder (the FETL). For a period of one year from the issue date of the Notes, any acquirer of the Notes who was solicited to buy the Notes in Korea is prohibited from
transferring any of the Notes to another person in any way other than as a whole to one transferee. Furthermore, the purchaser of the Notes shall comply with all applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to requirements under the
FETL) in connection with the purchase of the Notes. 

E-5 

Each underwriter has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered the Notes directly or
indirectly, or offered or sold the Notes to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes directly or
indirectly, or offer or sell the Notes to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FSCMA, the FETL and other relevant laws and regulations of Korea. 

Notice to Prospective Investors in
Switzerland 

The Notes may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (the SIX) or on any
other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure
standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating
to the Notes or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 

Neither this prospectus supplement nor any
other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the issuer or the Notes have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this prospectus supplement will not be filed with, and the offer of
Notes will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, and the offer of the Notes has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (the CISA). The investor
protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of Notes. 

Notice to
Prospective Investors in Taiwan 

The Notes may be made available for purchase outside Taiwan by investors residing in Taiwan (either directly or
through properly licensed Taiwan intermediaries acting on behalf of such investors) but may not be offered or sold in Taiwan. 

Notice to Prospective
Investors in the United Arab Emirates 

The Notes have not been, and are not being, publicly offered, sold, promoted or advertised in the United Arab
Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) other than in compliance with the laws of the United Arab Emirates (and the Dubai International Financial Centre) governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Further, the
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus do not constitute a public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) and are not intended to be a public offer. The prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus have not been approved by or filed with the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority or the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 

E-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d824295dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 

to 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as Trustee 

SIXTEENTH
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, 

Dated as of March 24, 2025 

$500,000,000

4.750% Notes due 2030 

$700,000,000 

5.150% Notes due
2035 

Supplement to Indenture dated as of November 25, 2009 

SIXTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of March 24, 2025 (the Sixteenth
Supplemental Indenture), between REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Company) and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as
trustee under the Base Indenture referred to below (hereinafter called the Trustee). 

WHEREAS, the Company entered into an
Indenture dated as of November 25, 2009 (the Base Indenture, all capitalized terms used in this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture and not otherwise defined being used as defined in the Base Indenture) (the Base Indenture, as
supplemented, including as supplemented by this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture is hereinafter collectively called the Indenture) with the Trustee, providing for the issuance of senior debt securities, unlimited as to principal amount,
to bear such rates of interest, to mature at such time or times, to be issued in one or more series and to have such other provisions as authorized by or pursuant to the authority granted in one or more resolutions of the Board of Directors of the
Company; and 

WHEREAS, the Company proposes to issue (i) $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.750% Notes due 2030 (the
2030 Notes) and (ii) $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.150% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes) (such notes in (i) and (ii) together being referred to herein as the Notes and all references to
Securities in the Base Indenture shall be deemed to refer also to the Notes unless the context otherwise provides); and 

WHEREAS,
Section 9.01 of the Base Indenture provides that without the consent of the Holders of the Securities of any series issued under the Base Indenture, the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, and the Trustee may enter into one or more
indentures supplemental to the Base Indenture to, among other things, establish the form or terms of securities of any series as permitted by Sections 2.01 and 3.01 thereof; and 

WHEREAS, the entry into this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture by the parties hereto is in all respects authorized by the provisions of the
Base Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary have been done to make this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, when executed and
delivered by the Company, the legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms; and 

WHEREAS, all things
necessary have been done to make the Notes, when executed and delivered by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided for in the Indenture, the legal, valid and binding agreements of the Company, in accordance with their terms; and

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS SIXTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITNESSETH: 

The parties hereto mutually covenant and agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. The Base Indenture is hereby amended solely with respect to the Notes, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, as follows:

1 

(A) By amending Section 1.01 to replace in whole the following definitions thereto in
lieu of the corresponding existing definitions, so that in the event of a conflict with the definition of terms in the Base Indenture, the following definitions shall control: 

Comparable Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having a
maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed (assuming that such Notes matured on the applicable Par Call Date) that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing
new issues of corporate debt securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes (assuming that such Notes matured on the applicable Par Call Date). 

Comparable Treasury Price means, with respect to any Redemption Date, (A) the average of six Reference Treasury Dealer
Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than six such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all
such quotations. 

Independent Investment Banker means one of BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC or Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC as selected by the Company, and their respective successors, or if each of such firms is unwilling or unable to select the Comparable Treasury Issue, an independent investment banking institution of national standing appointed by the
Company. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its
successors. 

Reference Treasury Dealer means (1) each of BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC and their respective successors, provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a Primary Treasury Dealer), the Company will substitute for
such firm another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (2) up to three additional Primary Treasury Dealers selected by the Independent Investment Banker after consultation with the Company. 

Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company which, at the time of determination, owns or is a lessee pursuant to a
capital lease of any Principal Property. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its
successors. 

2 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, (1) the yield,
under the heading that represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published statistical release designated H.15 or any successor publication that is published weekly by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities, for the maturity corresponding to the
Comparable Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within three months before or after the applicable Par Call Date, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue will be determined and the Treasury
Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest month; provided, that if the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on
actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used); or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the calculation date or does not contain
such yields, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the
Comparable Treasury Price for such Redemption Date. The Treasury Rate will be calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date. 

(B) By amending Section 1.01 to add the following new definitions in correct alphabetical order: 

2030 Notes has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

2035 Notes has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

2030 Par Call Date has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01. 

2035 Par Call Date has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following after the date of issuance of the Notes: 

1. the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a
series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person or group (as those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act)
other than to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries; 

2. the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or
consolidation) the result of which is that any person or group (as those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, it being agreed that an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for whom shares
are held under an employee stock ownership, employee retirement, employee savings or similar plan and whose shares are voted in accordance with the instructions of 

3 

such employee shall not be a member of a group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) solely because such employees shares are held by a trustee
under said plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of the Companys
Voting Stock representing more than 50% of the voting power of its outstanding Voting Stock; 

3. the Company consolidates with, or merges
with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or Voting Stock of such other Person is converted
into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the Companys Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitutes, or is converted into or exchanged for, Voting Stock
representing more than 50% of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the surviving Person immediately after giving effect to such transaction; 

4. during any period of 24 consecutive calendar months, the majority of the members of the Companys Board of Directors shall no longer be
composed of individuals (a) who were members of the Companys Board of Directors on the first day of such period or (b) whose election or nomination to the Companys Board of Directors was approved by individuals referred to in
clause (a) above constituting, at the time of such election or nomination, at least a majority of the Companys Board of Directors or, if directors are nominated by a committee of the Companys Board of Directors, constituting at the
time of such nomination, at least a majority of such committee; or 

5. the adoption of a plan relating to the Companys liquidation or
dissolution. 

Change of Control Triggering Event means, with respect to the relevant series of Notes, such Notes cease to be
rated Investment Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any date during the period (the Trigger Period) commencing 60 days prior to the first public announcement by the Company of any Change of Control (or pending Change of Control) and
ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended following consummation of a Change of Control for so long as any of the Rating Agencies has publicly announced that it is considering a possible
ratings change). If a Rating Agency is not providing a rating for the relevant series of Notes at the commencement of any Trigger Period, such Notes will be deemed to have ceased to be rated Investment Grade by such Rating Agency during that Trigger
Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control Triggering Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated. 

4 

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its
equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys) and a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P), and the equivalent investment grade
credit rating from any replacement rating agency or rating agencies selected by the Company under the circumstances permitting the Company to select a replacement agency and in the manner for selecting a replacement agency, in each case as set forth
in the definition of Rating Agency. 

Notes has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Par Call Date means either the 2030 Par Call Date or the 2035 Par Call Date, as the case may be. 

Rating Agency means each of Moodys and S&P; provided, that if either of Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the 2030
Notes or the 2035 Notes, as applicable, or fails to make a rating of the relevant series of Notes publicly available for reasons outside the Companys control, the Company may appoint another nationally recognized statistical rating
organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act as a replacement for such Rating Agency for the relevant series of Notes; provided, that the Company shall give notice of such appointment to the Trustee. 

Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote
generally in the election of the board of directors of such Person. 

(C) By amending Section 4.01 by adding the following sentence at
the end of thereof: 

Both Section 4.02 (defeasance and discharge) and Section 4.03 (covenant defeasance) shall apply to
each of the 2030 Notes and the 2035 Notes. 

(D) By replacing Section 4.03 in its entirety with the following: 

Upon the Companys exercise of the option applicable to this Section 4.03 with respect to any series of Notes, the Company
shall be released from its obligations under any covenant or provision contained or referred to in Sections 10.05, 10.06, 10.07 and 14.01, with respect to the Defeased Securities, on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 4.04
below are satisfied (hereinafter, covenant defeasance), and the Defeased Securities shall thereafter be deemed to be not Outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or Act of Holders (and the
consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but shall continue to be 

5 

deemed Outstanding for all other purposes hereunder, and the Events of Default under Section 5.01(c), (d) and (e) shall cease to be in full force and effect with respect to
such Notes. For this purpose, such covenant defeasance means that, with respect to the Defeased Securities, the Company may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such
Section, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such Section or by reason of reference in any such Section to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not
constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 5.01(c), (d) and (e) but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Defeased Securities shall be unaffected thereby. 

(E) By amending Section 9.01 by: 

(a) 

deleting the period at the end of clause (m) and inserting the following: ; and; and

(b) 

inserting the following clause after clause (m): 

(n) to add additional Securities of the same class and series in one or more tranches from time to time. 

(F) By amending Section 9.02 by: 

(a) 

deleting the word or at the end of clause (j); 

(b) 

deleting the period at the end of clause (k) and inserting the following: ; or; and

(c) 

inserting the following clause after clause (k): 

(l) amend, change or modify the Companys obligation to make and consummate a Change of Control Offer in the event of a Change of
Control Triggering Event in accordance with Section 14.01 after such Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred, including amending, changing or modifying any definition related thereto. 

(G) By inserting after the first sentence in Section 3.01 the following: 

The aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be issued under this Indenture shall be unlimited and the Company may issue additional
notes of the same class and series as any of the Notes (the Additional Notes) in one or more tranches from time to time, without notice to or the consent of existing Holders of the Securities of any series, including the Notes. The
Additional Notes shall have the same terms as all other Notes of the same class and series and all references to the Notes in the Indenture shall be deemed to also refer to the Additional Notes. The Additional Notes shall vote as a class with all
other Notes of such same class and series as to matters as to which such Notes have a vote. 

6 

(H) By replacing Section 11.01 in its entirety with the following: 

(a) Prior to June 15, 2030 (one month prior to the Stated Maturity of the 2030 Notes) (the 2030 Par Call Date), the
2030 Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company, at any time or from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of: 

(1) 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes to be redeemed, and 

(2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2030 Notes to be redeemed (assuming
that such 2030 Notes matured on the 2030 Par Call Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day
months) at the applicable Treasury Rate, plus 15 basis points. 

In the case of each of clauses (1) and (2), accrued and unpaid
interest will be payable to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, if any (subject to the right of holders of record of such 2030 Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date). 

(b) On or after the 2030 Par Call Date, the 2030 Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company, at any time or
from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, if any (subject to the right of holders of record of
such 2030 Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date). 

(c) Prior to December 15,
2034 (three months prior to the Stated Maturity of the 2035 Notes) (the 2035 Par Call Date), the 2035 Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company, at any time or from time to time, at a Redemption Price
equal to the greater of: 

(1) 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be redeemed, and 

7 

(2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and
interest on the 2035 Notes to be redeemed (assuming that such 2035 Notes matured on the 2035 Par Call Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of
twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate, plus 15 basis points. 

In the case of each
of clauses (1) and (2), accrued and unpaid interest will be payable to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, if any (subject to the right of holders of record of such 2035 Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest
Payment Date). 

(d) On or after the 2035 Par Call Date, the 2035 Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the
Company, at any time or from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, if any (subject to the right of
holders of record of such 2035 Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date). 

(I) By
amending Section 11.04 by deleting the number 30 and inserting 10. 

(J) By amending Section 11.05 by deleting the
number 30 and inserting 10. 

(K) By replacing the first sentence in Section 11.06 with the following: 

On or prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on any Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent
(or, if the Company or any of its Affiliates is acting as Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 10.03) an amount of money in same day funds sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of, and (except if the Redemption Date
shall be an Interest Payment Date or Special Payment Date) accrued and unpaid interest on, all the applicable series of Securities or portions thereof which are to be redeemed. 

(L) By adding as a new Article XIV thereto the following: 

Article XIV 

Repurchase
of Notes at the Option of the Holders 

Section 14.01. REPURCHASE AT OPTION OF HOLDERS UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL 

8 

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the 2030
Notes or the 2035 Notes, as the case may be, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem such Notes pursuant to Article XI of the Indenture, each Holder of the relevant series of Notes shall have the right to require the Company to purchase
all or a portion (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of such Holders Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the Change of Control Offer), at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal
amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment), subject to the rights of such Holders on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the
relevant Interest Payment Date. 

(b) Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event occurred with
respect to the relevant series of Notes, or at the Companys option, prior to any Change of Control but after the public announcement of the pending Change of Control, the Company shall send, by first class mail, a notice to each Holder of such
Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, which notice shall govern the terms of the Change of Control Offer. 

Such notice shall state: 

(i) the events causing the Change of Control; 

(ii) the date of the Change of Control; 

(iii) the amount of the Change of Control Payment; 

(iv) that the Holder must exercise the repurchase right prior to the close of business on the purchase date, which must be no earlier than 30
days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed, other than as may be required by law (the Change of Control Payment Date); 

(v) if the notice is mailed prior to any Change of Control but after the public announcement of the pending Change of Control, that the offer
is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date; 

(vi) the name and address of
the Paying Agent; 

(vii) that the Holder must complete the Change of Control Repurchase Notice (as defined below) to participate in the
Change of Control Offer; and 

(viii) any other procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase the relevant
series of Notes. 

9 

(c) Repurchases of the relevant series of Notes under this Section 14.01 shall be
made, at the option of the Holder thereof, upon 

(i) delivery to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) by a Holder
of a duly completed notice (the Change of Control Repurchase Notice) in the form set forth on the reverse of the relevant Note at any time prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City Time, on the Change of Control Payment Date; or 

(ii) delivery or book-entry transfer of the Notes of the relevant series to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) at
any time after delivery of the Change of Control Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements) at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee or the corporate trust office of its Affiliate (or other Paying Agent appointed by the
Company) in the Borough of Manhattan, such delivery being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the Change of Control Payment therefor; provided that such Change of Control Payment shall be so paid pursuant to this Section 14.01 only if such
Note so delivered to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) shall conform in all respects to the description thereof in the related Change of Control Repurchase Notice. 

The Change of Control Repurchase Notice shall state: 

(i) if certificated, the certificate numbers of Notes to be delivered for repurchase; 

(ii) the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof;

(iii) that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and the Indenture; and 

(iv) if such Change of Control Repurchase Notice is delivered prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control pursuant to a definitive
agreement giving rise to a Change of Control, that the Holder acknowledges that the Companys offer is conditioned on the consummation of such Change of Control. 

provided, however, that if the Notes are not in certificated form, the Change of Control Repurchase Notice must comply with appropriate
procedures of the Depositary. 

10 

(d) On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(i) accept or cause a third party to accept for payment all of the relevant series of Notes or portions of such Notes properly tendered
pursuant to the Change of Control Offer, 

(ii) deposit or cause a third party to deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the
Change of Control Payment in respect of all of the relevant series of Notes or portions of such Notes properly tendered, and 

(iii)
deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes of the relevant series properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of such Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. 

(e) The Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer with respect to the relevant series of Notes if a third party makes
such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for such an offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all the Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. 

Section 14.02. COMPLIANCE WITH TENDER OFFER RULES 

The Company shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the
Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the relevant series of Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To
the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the Company shall comply with those securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached
the Companys obligations under the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes by virtue of any such conflict. 

(M) The
form of Security attached as Exhibit A-1 hereto shall be the form of Note for the series of 2030 Notes established by this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture and the terms therein shall be incorporated by
reference into this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture. The form of Security attached as Exhibit A-2 hereto shall be the form of Note for the series of 2035 Notes established by this Sixteenth Supplemental
Indenture and the terms therein shall be incorporated by reference into this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

11 

SECTION 2. Unless otherwise supplemented or amended by this Sixteenth Supplemental
Indenture, the Base Indenture is incorporated by reference in full into this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, and all parties to this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture agree to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Base Indenture as
supplemented and amended by this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture. The Base Indenture and this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. All provisions included in this Sixteenth Supplemental
Indenture supersede any similar provisions included in the Base Indenture unless not permitted by law. 

SECTION 3. If any provision hereof
limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof which is required to be included in this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control. 

SECTION 4. All covenants and agreements in this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether
so expressed or not. 

SECTION 5. In case any provision in this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions herein and therein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

SECTION 6. Nothing in this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and
their successors hereunder, and the Holders of the Notes any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

SECTION 7. This Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture and each Note shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York
and this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture and each such Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

SECTION 8. All terms used in this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Base Indenture shall
have the meanings set forth therein. 

SECTION 9. This Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page hereto by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

SECTION 10. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes,
except the Trustees certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of
this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture or the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of Notes or the proceeds thereof. 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture to
be duly executed all as of the day and year first above written. 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC., as Issuer

By: 

Name: Calvin R. Boyd

Title: Vice President, Finance and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture] 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A-1

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY] 

[THIS SECURITY IS A
GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY OR A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN
WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH
IN SECTION 3.06 OF THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK
CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT AND ANY SUCH CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]1

1 

These paragraphs should be included only if the Note is issued in global form. 

A-1-1 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 

4.750% NOTES DUE 2030 

CUSIP NO.
760759 BL3 

ISIN NO. US760759BL30 

No. _______ $___________________

Republic Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation (herein called the Company, which term includes any successor
Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to ____________________ or its registered assigns, the principal sum of ____________________ ($___________________) United States dollars[, or such
greater or lesser amount as may from time to time be endorsed on the Schedule of Increases and Decreases of Interests in the Global Note attached hereto (but in no event may such amount exceed the aggregate principal amount of Notes authenticated
pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Indenture referred to below and then Outstanding pursuant to the terms of the Indenture)]2, on July 15, 2030, at the office or agency of the Company
referred to below, and to pay interest thereon from ____________________ or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 in each year, commencing
July 15, 2025 at the rate of 4.750% per annum, in United States dollars, until the principal hereof is paid or duly provided for. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of
twelve 30-day months. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any
Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or any Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the
January 1 or July 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid, or duly provided for, and interest on such defaulted interest at the interest
rate borne by the Securities, to the extent lawful, shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date, and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or any Predecessor Securities) is registered at the
close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice thereof shall be given to Holders of Securities not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time
in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, this Security, and exchange or transfer of this Security, will be made at the
office or agency of the Company in The City of New York maintained for such purpose (which initially will be a corporate trust office of the Trustee or its affiliate located at 100 Wall Street, Suite 1600, New York, NY 10005), or at such other
office or agency as may be maintained for such purpose, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that payment of interest may be
made at the option of the Company by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear on the Security Register. 

2 

Use if Global Security 

A-1-2 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse
hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been duly executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof or by the authenticating agent appointed as provided in the Indenture by manual signature of an authorized signer, this Security shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to
be duly executed by the manual or facsimile signature of one of its authorized officers. 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC., as Issuer

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-1-3 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the 4.750% Notes due 2030 referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

A-1-4 

[FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF SECURITY] 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 

4.750%
Notes due 2030 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Securities of the Company designated as its 4.750% Notes due 2030
(herein called the Securities), limited (except as otherwise provided in the Indenture referred to below) in aggregate principal amount to $500,000,000, issued under and subject to the terms of an indenture (herein called the
Indenture) dated as of November 25, 2009, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (herein called the Trustee, which
term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented by a Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto
reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties, obligations and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities, and of the terms upon which the Securities are,
and are to be, authenticated and delivered. 

Prior to June 15, 2030 (one month prior to their Stated Maturity) (the 2030 Par
Call Date), the Securities may be redeemed, as a whole or in part, at the option of the Company, at any time or from time to time at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed
and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (assuming such Securities matured on the 2030 Par Call Date), discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate, plus 15 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the
Redemption Date, if any (subject to the right of holders of record of such Securities on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date). On or after the 2030 Par Call Date, the Securities may be redeemed in whole or in
part, at the option of the Company, at any time or from time to time at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, if any
(subject to the right of holders of record of such Securities on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date). 

Any redemption may be made upon not less than 10 and not more than 60 days notice to the Holders thereof as provided in the Indenture.

If less than all of the Securities are to be redeemed, the Trustee shall select, not more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the
Redemption Date, the Securities or portions thereof to be redeemed, by such method the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate. 

In the
case of any redemption of Securities in accordance with the Indenture, interest installments whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities of record as of the close of business on the
relevant Regular Record Date or Special Record Date referred to on the face hereof. Securities (or portions thereof) for whose redemption and payment provision is made in accordance with the Indenture shall cease to bear interest from and after the
Redemption Date. 

A-1-5 

In the event of a redemption or repurchase of this Security in accordance with the Indenture
in part only, a new Security or Securities for the unredeemed portion hereof shall be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Securities, unless the Company has exercised its right to
redeem the Securities pursuant to Article XI of the Indenture, each Holder of the Securities shall have the right to require the Company to purchase all or a portion (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of such
Holders Security pursuant to Article XIV of the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the principal
amount of all the Securities may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture
contains provisions for defeasance at any time of (a) the entire Indebtedness on the Securities and (b) certain covenants and Defaults and Events of Default, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth therein. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions (including certain amendments permitted without the consent of any Holders and certain
amendments which require the consent of all of the Holders) as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders under the Indenture and the Securities at any time
by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding that are affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of at
least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities (100% of the Holders in certain circumstances) at the time Outstanding that are affected, on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities, to waive compliance by the Company with
certain provisions of the Indenture and the Securities of such series and certain past Defaults and Events of Default under the Indenture and the Securities and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by or on behalf of the Holder of this
Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such
consent or waiver is made upon this Security. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture
shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company or any other obligor on the Securities (in the event such other obligor is obligated to make payments in respect of the Securities), which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of,
and premium, if any, and interest on, this Security at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the
Company in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or its attorney duly
authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

A-1-6 

The Securities in certificated form are issuable only in registered form without coupons in
denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Securities are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of
a differing authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

Except as indicated in the Indenture, no service
charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

A director, officer, employee or stockholder, as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations under the Securities or
the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. By accepting a Security, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the
issue of the Securities. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security is overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary. 

THIS SECURITY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

A-1-7 

CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE NOTICE 

If you want to elect to have only part of the Security purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 14.01 of the Indenture, state the
amount you elect to have purchased: 

$_______________________ 

Date:___________________ 

Your
Signature:_____________________________ 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Security) 

Tax Identification No: _______________________ 

Signature Guarantee*:_______________________ 

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

A-1-8 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES AND DECREASES OF INTERESTS 

IN THE GLOBAL SECURITY3

The following increases or decreases in this Global Security have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

Principal Amount

of this Global

Security 

Amount of increase

in Principal

Amount of this

Global Security 

Principal Amount

of this Global

Security following

such decrease (or increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee or Note
Custodian

3 

This should be included only if the Security is a Global Security. 

A-1-9 

EXHIBIT A-2

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY] 

[THIS SECURITY IS A
GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY OR A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN
WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH
IN SECTION 3.06 OF THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK
CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT AND ANY SUCH CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]4

4 

These paragraphs should be included only if the Note is issued in global form. 

A-2-1 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 

5.150% NOTES DUE 2035 

CUSIP NO.
760759 BM1 

ISIN NO. US760759BM13 

No. _______ $___________________

Republic Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation (herein called the Company, which term includes any successor
Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to ____________________ or its registered assigns, the principal sum of ____________________ ($___________________) United States dollars[, or such
greater or lesser amount as may from time to time be endorsed on the Schedule of Increases and Decreases of Interests in the Global Note attached hereto (but in no event may such amount exceed the aggregate principal amount of Notes authenticated
pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Indenture referred to below and then Outstanding pursuant to the terms of the Indenture)]5, on March 15, 2035, at the office or agency of the Company
referred to below, and to pay interest thereon from ____________________ or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 in each year,
commencing September 15, 2025 at the rate of 5.150% per annum, in United States dollars, until the principal hereof is paid or duly provided for. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
comprised of twelve 30-day months. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided
for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or any Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall
be the March 1 or September 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid, or duly provided for, and interest on such defaulted interest at the
interest rate borne by the Securities, to the extent lawful, shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date, and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or any Predecessor Securities) is
registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice thereof shall be given to Holders of Securities not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be
paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in the
Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, this Security, and exchange or transfer of this Security, will
be made at the office or agency of the Company in The City of New York maintained for such purpose (which initially will be a corporate trust office of the Trustee or its affiliate located at 100 Wall Street, Suite 1600, New York, NY 10005), or at
such other office or agency as may be maintained for such purpose, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that payment of
interest may be made at the option of the Company by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear on the Security Register. 

5 

Use if Global Security 

A-2-2 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse
hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been duly executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof or by the authenticating agent appointed as provided in the Indenture by manual signature of an authorized signer, this Security shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to
be duly executed by the manual or facsimile signature of one of its authorized officers. 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC., as Issuer

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2-3 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the 5.150% Notes due 2035 referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

A-2-4 

[FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF SECURITY] 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 

5.150%
Notes due 2035 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Securities of the Company designated as its 5.150% Notes due 2035
(herein called the Securities), limited (except as otherwise provided in the Indenture referred to below) in aggregate principal amount to $700,000,000, issued under and subject to the terms of an indenture (herein called the
Indenture) dated as of November 25, 2009, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (herein called the Trustee, which
term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented by a Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto
reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties, obligations and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities, and of the terms upon which the Securities are,
and are to be, authenticated and delivered. 

Prior to December 15, 2034 (three months prior to their Stated Maturity) (the 2035
Par Call Date), the Securities may be redeemed, as a whole or in part, at the option of the Company, at any time or from time to time at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be
redeemed and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (assuming such Securities matured on the 2035 Par Call Date), discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate, plus 15 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest to,
but excluding, the Redemption Date, if any (subject to the right of holders of record of such Securities on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date). On or after the 2035 Par Call Date, the Securities may be
redeemed in whole or in part, at the option of the Company, at any time or from time to time at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the
Redemption Date, if any (subject to the right of holders of record of such Securities on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date). 

Any redemption may be made upon not less than 10 and not more than 60 days notice to the Holders thereof as provided in the Indenture.

If less than all of the Securities are to be redeemed, the Trustee shall select, not more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the
Redemption Date, the Securities or portions thereof to be redeemed, by such method the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate. 

In the
case of any redemption of Securities in accordance with the Indenture, interest installments whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities of record as of the close of business on the
relevant Regular Record Date or Special Record Date referred to on the face hereof. Securities (or portions thereof) for whose redemption and payment provision is made in accordance with the Indenture shall cease to bear interest from and after the
Redemption Date. 

A-2-5 

In the event of a redemption or repurchase of this Security in accordance with the Indenture
in part only, a new Security or Securities for the unredeemed portion hereof shall be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Securities, unless the Company has exercised its right to
redeem the Securities pursuant to Article XI of the Indenture, each Holder of the Securities shall have the right to require the Company to purchase all or a portion (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of such
Holders Security pursuant to Article XIV of the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the principal
amount of all the Securities may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture
contains provisions for defeasance at any time of (a) the entire Indebtedness on the Securities and (b) certain covenants and Defaults and Events of Default, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth therein. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions (including certain amendments permitted without the consent of any Holders and certain
amendments which require the consent of all of the Holders) as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders under the Indenture and the Securities at any time
by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding that are affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of at
least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities (100% of the Holders in certain circumstances) at the time Outstanding that are affected, on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities, to waive compliance by the Company with
certain provisions of the Indenture and the Securities of such series and certain past Defaults and Events of Default under the Indenture and the Securities and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by or on behalf of the Holder of this
Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such
consent or waiver is made upon this Security. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture
shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company or any other obligor on the Securities (in the event such other obligor is obligated to make payments in respect of the Securities), which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of,
and premium, if any, and interest on, this Security at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the
Company in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or its attorney duly
authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

A-2-6 

The Securities in certificated form are issuable only in registered form without coupons in
denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Securities are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of
a differing authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

Except as indicated in the Indenture, no service
charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

A director, officer, employee or stockholder, as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations under the Securities or
the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. By accepting a Security, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the
issue of the Securities. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security is overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary. 

THIS SECURITY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

A-2-7 

CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE NOTICE 

If you want to elect to have only part of the Security purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 14.01 of the Indenture, state the
amount you elect to have purchased: 

$_______________________ 

Date:___________________ 

Your
Signature:_____________________________ 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Security) 

Tax Identification No: _______________________ 

Signature Guarantee*:_______________________ 

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

A-2-8 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES AND DECREASES OF INTERESTS 

IN THE GLOBAL SECURITY6

The following increases or decreases in this Global Security have been made: 

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

Principal Amount

of this Global

Security 

Amount of increase

in Principal

Amount of this

Global Security Principal Amount

of this Global

Security following

such decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee or
Note

Custodian

6 

This should be included only if the Security is a Global Security. 

A-2-9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d824295dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

March 18, 2025 

Republic Services, Inc. 

18500 North Allied Way 

Phoenix, Arizona 85054 

Ladies & Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to Republic Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and are rendering this opinion in
connection with the registration by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), of (i) $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.750% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and (ii)
$700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.150% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes), issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2009, between
the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, to be dated on
or about March 24, 2025 (the SixteenthSupplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), pursuant to the prospectus, dated August 5, 2022 (the Base
Prospectus), as supplemented by the prospectus supplement, dated March 17, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement and, together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), relating to the registration
statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-266553), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on August 5, 2022 (such registration
statement is herein referred to as the Registration Statement). 

We have reviewed such corporate records, certificates
and other documents, and such questions of law, as we have considered necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion. We have assumed that all signatures are genuine, that all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and that
all copies of documents submitted to us conform to the originals. 

We have assumed further that the Trustee has duly authorized, executed
and delivered the Indenture. 

We have relied as to certain matters on information obtained from public officials, officers of the Company
and other sources believed by us to be responsible. 

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications set forth below, we are
of the opinion that, when the Notes have been (a) duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture and (b) duly issued and delivered against payment therefor as contemplated by the Prospectus,
the Notes will constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

We express no opinion as to indemnification, contribution, exculpation, or arbitration
provisions, or provisions for the non-survival of representations, to the extent they purport to indemnify any party against, or release or limit any partys liability for, its own breach or failure to
comply with statutory obligations, or to the extent such provisions are contrary to public policy. 

We are members of the bar of the
District of Columbia and the State of New York. We do not express any opinion herein on any laws other than the law of the State of New York. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement. We also hereby consent to the reference to our
firm under the heading Legal Matters in the prospectus constituting part of the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7
of the Act. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Covington & Burling LLP

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rsg-20250317.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rsg-20250317_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rsg-20250317_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g824295dsp92.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g824295dsp_91.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001060391

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 17, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Republic Services, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-14267

Entity Tax Identification Number 65-0716904

Entity Address, Address Line One 18500 North Allied Way

Entity Address, City or Town Phoenix

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85054

City Area Code (480)

Local Phone Number 627-2700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol RSG

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.republicservices.com//20250317/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d824295d8k.htm 
rsg-20250317.xsd 
rsg-20250317_lab.xml 
rsg-20250317_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-056754-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d824295d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001060391 

2025-03-17 
2025-03-17 

false 
0001060391 
8-K 
2025-03-17 
Republic Services, Inc. 
DE 
1-14267 
65-0716904 
18500 North Allied Way 
Phoenix 
AZ 
85054 
(480) 
627-2700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
RSG 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>