<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-000368.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-000368.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324172344
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-000368
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250323
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Viewbix Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000797542
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				680080601
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15746
		FILM NUMBER:		25765150

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 ARYEH SHENKAR STREET
		CITY:			HERZLIYA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			4672514
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-879-8439

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 ARYEH SHENKAR STREET
		CITY:			HERZLIYA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			4672514

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Virtual Crypto Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Emerald Medical Applications Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZAXIS INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950916
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000079754200007975422025-03-232025-03-23iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (date of earliest event reported): March
23, 2025

VIEWBIX
INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Commission File No.: 000-15746

Delaware 68-0080601

(State
of Incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

3 Hanehoshet St, Building B, 7th floor, Tel Aviv, Israel 6971068

(Address of Registrants Office) (ZIP Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, including area
code: +97273-391-2900

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Exchange Agreement

On March 24,
2025, Viewbix Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities exchange agreement (the Agreement) with Metagramm
Software Ltd., an Israeli company (Metagramm), and all of the shareholders of Metagramm (the Metagramm Shareholders),
pursuant to which the Company issued to the Metagramm Shareholders an aggregate of 19.99% of its issued and outstanding capital stock
on a pro rata and post-closing basis, equal to 1,323,000 shares of the Companys common stock, in exchange for 100% of Metagramms
issued and outstanding share capital on a fully diluted and post-closing basis, equal to 718,520 Metagramm ordinary shares (the Acquisition).
The Acquisition was completed on March 24, 2025 (the Closing) and resulted in Metagramm becoming a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. In connection with a request for a tax ruling with the Israeli Tax Authority, the shares of the Companys
common stock issued at the closing shall be held in escrow for 30 days from the closing for the benefit of the Metagramm Shareholders.

The Company also agreed to pay
the Metagramm Shareholders cash earn-out payments of up to an aggregate sum of $2.0 million on a pro rata basis upon the achievement of
certain financing and revenue milestones during the three year period following the closing date of the transactions contemplated by the
Agreement. In connection with the Agreement, the Company and Metagramm terminated the securities exchange agreement that the Company and
Metagramm previously entered into on July 31, 2024.

The Agreement contained customary
representations, warranties and agreements by each of the Company, Metagramm and Metagramm Shareholders. The representations, warranties
and covenants contained in the Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit
of the parties to such agreement and were subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

The Agreement is filed as Exhibit
10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing descriptions of the terms of the Agreement are qualified in their entirety
by reference to such exhibit.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Securities Convertible
or Exercisable into Equity Securities.

The information regarding the
issuance of securities set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

The shares of common stock described
in this Item 3.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K have been or will be issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration
requirements in Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Exhibit Description

10.1* Securities Exchange Agreement, by and between Viewbix Inc., Metagramm Software Ltd. and the shareholders of Metagramm Software Ltd., dated March 24, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*Certain schedules and
exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished
to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Viewbix Inc.

By: /s/ Amihay Hadad

Name: Amihay Hadad

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 24, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

THIS
SECURITIES EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is entered into as of March 24, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and between:

Metagramm
Software Ltd. a private company limited by shares incorporated in Israel (the Company); and

The
shareholders of the Company, listed on Schedule 1 attached hereto (the MS Shareholders); and

Viewbix,
Inc., a publicly traded Delaware corporation (Viewbix).

The
Company, the MS Shareholders and Viewbix, each a Party and collectively, the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the MS Shareholders own 100% of the share capital of the Company, on a fully diluted basis (the MS Exchange Shares);

WHEREAS,
the Company and Viewbix had previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Securities Exchange Agreement, dated July 31, 2024
(the Previous Agreement), which shall be terminated by the Company and Viewbix prior to the Closing (as defined
below); and

WHEREAS,
the MS Shareholders believe that it is in their best interests to exchange all of the MS Exchange Shares for shares of common stock of
Viewbix, par value US $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and Viewbix believes that it is in its best interests
to issue the MS Shareholders shares of Common Stock of Viewbix in consideration for the MS Exchange Shares (the Exchange),
all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW
THEREFORE, on the stated premises and for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and the
mutual benefits to the Parties to be derived herefrom, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I - SECURITIES EXCHANGE

1.1 The
Exchange.

1.1.1 On
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the MS Shareholders
shall sell, assign, transfer and deliver, free and clear of all liens, all of the MS Exchange
Shares to Viewbix, in exchange for the issuance to the MS Shareholders, on a pro rata basis
(as set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto), of shares of Common Stock of
Viewbix representing 19.99% of Viewbixs issued and outstanding share capital (as of
immediately following the Closing) (the Viewbix Exchange Shares and
together with the MS Exchange Shares, the Exchange Shares), all upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

1.1.2 Earn
Out Payments.

(a) In
addition to the Viewbix Exchange Shares issued at the Closing, Viewbix will pay the MS Shareholders
cash earn-out payments on a pro rata basis (as set forth on Schedule 1 attached
hereto) of up to a cumulative sum of US $2,000,000 (two million US Dollars) (Earn
Out Payment), contingent on achieving certain performance criteria as detailed
below, prior to the lapse of 3 years following the Closing Date (Earn Out Term):

(i) a
cash payment equal to 5% of each Equity Financing Amount raised by Viewbix after the Closing
until the lapse of the Earn Out Term, up to a total amount of USD 1,000,000 (Cash
Earnout Payment). The term Equity Financing Amount shall
mean equity proceeds received by Viewbix after the Closing in consideration for issuance
of shares of Viewbix, at a fixed company valuation (not including amounts raised under convertibles
loans or other loans, employee stock options, etc.). The above Earnout Payment shall be paid
within 30 days after the actual receipt of each Equity Financing Amount.

2

(ii) A
cash payment of USD 1,000,000, contingent upon the Company ARR exceeding USD 2,000,000 during
the Earn Out Term.

Company
ARR shall mean the net recurring annual fees for the Companys software-as-a-service subscriptions and managed services
booked by the Company during the applicable measurement period and included in firm, non-cancellable contracts (other than customary
termination provisions) that have a term of at least one year, so long as the initial subscription or managed service billing contemplated
by any such contract has occurred by its terms.

(b) Viewbix
shall prepare a detailed calculation with supporting documentation of the Company ARR for
each fiscal year during the Earn Out Term, during January of the following calendar year,
and provide the MS Shareholders with a statement of such calculations.

(c) In
the event that the MS Shareholders object to Viewbix calculation of the Company ARR, then
within 45 days after the delivery to the MS Shareholders of such documents (the Response
Period), the MS Shareholders shall deliver to Viewbix a written notice (an Objection
Notice) describing in reasonable detail their reasons of objections and their
calculation of the Company ARR. If the MS Shareholders do not deliver an Objection Notice
during the Response Period, then Viewbixs calculation of the Company ARR shall be
deemed conclusive and binding. If the MS Shareholders deliver an Objection Notice accompanied
by a statement setting forth the Company ARR determined by the MS Shareholders to be correct
and if the MS Shareholders and Viewbix are unable to agree upon the calculation of the Company
ARR amounts within 30 days after such Objection Notice is delivered, the dispute shall be
finally settled by a Big Four accounting firm selected by Viewbix, which determination
shall be final and binding. The non-prevailing party in any such dispute, shall each bear
and pay one hundred (100%) of the fees and other expenses of such independent accounting
firm.

(d) The
above Earnout Payments shall be paid within 30 days after final determination by Viewbix
that the Company ARR has met the above criteria.

(e) The
above amounts are gross amounts. Viewbix shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration payable to the MS Shareholders including Earnout Payments such amounts as it
is required to deduct and withhold under applicable laws. Viewbix shall timely pay any such
withheld amounts to the appropriate taxing authority.

3

1.2 Closing.

The
Closing of this Agreement shall take place on such date that all conditions precedent and obligations of the Parties, including as set
forth in Section 1.4 below, are satisfied or waived by the respective Party, (the Closing Date), at such location
to be mutually determined by the Parties.

1.3 Conditions
to Closing.

The
respective obligations of each of the Parties to effect the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of
each of the following conditions:

(a) Good
Standing Certificate. Viewbix shall have delivered to the MS Shareholders a certificate
of good standing of Viewbix and the MS Shareholders have delivered a certificate of good
standing of the Company (or the equivalent thereof in the State of Israel), within two (2)
business days of Closing issued by the relevant jurisdiction.

(b) No
Injunctions. No statute, rule, regulation, order, decree, ruling or injunction shall
have been enacted, entered, promulgated, endorsed or threatened or is pending by or before
any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction which in any material respect restricts,
prohibits or threatens to restrict or prohibit the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated herein.

(c) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by each of the Parties herein
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
with the same effect as if the representations and warranties were made as of the date hereof
and as of the Closing.

(d) Covenants.
All covenants, agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement to be performed by either
Party on or prior to the Closing shall have been performed or complied with in all material
respects.

(e) Conversion
of Loans. MS Shareholders shall have converted the principal loan in an aggregate amount
of NIS 1,473,390 they extended to the Company, at a conversion price per share of $ 7.74
(reflecting the value of the MS exchange Share in the Exchange transaction).

1.4 Officers
Certificate. With respect to the Closing conditions listed in Sections 1.3(c) above,
the Parties shall deliver at the Closing an executed officers certificate to such
effect.

1.5 Taxes.
Viewbix and Company shall separately bear their tax consequences arising from the Exchange
Transaction and the issuances and/or transfer of the Exchange Shares.

1.6 ITA
Tax Ruling. The MS Shareholders shall apply to the Israeli Tax Authority (ITA) in connection
with the Exchange Transaction, seeking to obtain a preliminary ruling pursuant to Section
104H of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance, confirming that the share exchange qualifies for
a tax deferral under the provisions of the said section. The Parties agree to comply with
all the conditions set forth in such preliminary tax ruling (if granted) and to act accordingly.
Upon signing the agreement, the Viewbix shares shall be issued and immediately transferred
to the trustee to enable the completion of the share exchange transaction. If, for any reason,
the ITA does not issue a tax ruling confirming that the exchange qualifies for tax deferral
under Section 104H of the Income Tax Ordinance, the transaction shall be deemed a taxable
event at the time of the transaction, with no tax deferral.

4

ARTICLE
II - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Notwithstanding
that none of the MS Shareholders are warrantors of the Company Representations, and subject to clause 5.8 below, each of the MS Shareholders
shall be liable for its pro rata share of any cost arising from any claim for breach of any of the Company Representations; and in respect
of a breach of a MS Shareholder Representation, the relevant MS Shareholder shall be liable for all of the costs arising from such claim.

Each
MS Shareholders hereby irrevocably waives all past, present and future claims, demands or rights of action that he has or may have against
the Company or its officers or employees or board members or shareholders (both past and present), whether under common law, contract,
statute or otherwise, whether such claims are, or could be, known to the parties or in their contemplation at the date of this agreement
in any jurisdiction.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF MS SHAREHOLDERS

Each
of the MS Shareholders represents and warrants to Viewbix, separately and not jointly, that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing,
except for those representations and warranties that speak of a different date:

2.1 Good
Title. Each MS Shareholder represents and warrants to Viewbix separately and not jointly, that it is the record and beneficial owner,
and has good title to, its MS Exchange Shares, with the full right and authority to sell and deliver such MS Exchange Shares, free and
clear of any and all liens, encumbrances, pledges, security interests, claims, charges, options, rights of first refusal, proxies, voting
trusts, or agreements, transfer restrictions under any equity holder or similar agreement or any other restriction or limitation whatsoever,
including any contract granting any of the foregoing (collectively, the Title Liens), to Viewbix pursuant to the
Exchange. Viewbix, as the new owner of the MS Exchange Shares, shall receive good title to the MS Exchange Shares, free and clear of
all Title Liens. The MS Exchange Shares sold to Viewbix by such MS Shareholder represent 100% of the such MS Shareholders share
in the Company, .

2.2 Authority;
Non-Contravention. The MS Shareholders have all requisite authority to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the MS Shareholders and the consummation by the MS Shareholders
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been (or at Closing will have been)
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the MS Shareholders and
the Company. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by and constitutes a valid
and binding obligation of the MS Shareholders, enforceable in accordance with its terms.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement will
not, conflict with, or result in any breach or violation of, or default (with or without
notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
or acceleration of or put right with respect to any obligation or to loss of
a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any lien upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company or the MS Exchange Shares under, (i) the articles of association
of the MS Shareholder, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise or license applicable
to the MS Shareholder or their respective properties or assets, or (iii) subject to the governmental
filings and other matters referred to in the following sentence, any judgment, order, decree,
statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation or arbitration award applicable to the MS Shareholders
or their respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),
any such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, rights, losses or liens that individually
or in the aggregate could not have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company
or could not prevent, hinder or materially delay the ability of the MS Shareholders to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, order or authorization
of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any governmental entity is
required by or with respect to the MS Shareholders or the Company in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the MS Shareholders or the consummation by the
MS Shareholders , as the case may be, of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

5

2.3 Acquisition
of Viewbix Exchange Shares for Investment.

(a) Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. Viewbix Exchange Shares proposed to be acquired by the MS Shareholders
hereunder will be acquired for investment for the MS Shareholders own account and not as
a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof,
and each of the MS Shareholders represents it has no present intention of selling, granting
any participation in or otherwise distributing the Viewbix Exchange Shares, except in compliance
with applicable securities laws. Each MS Shareholder further represents that it does not
have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any Person to sell, transfer
or grant participation to such Person with respect to the Viewbix Exchange Shares.

(b) The
MS Shareholders (i) can bear the economic risk of its investment and (ii) possesses such
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of its investment in Viewbix and its securities.

(c) Each
MS Shareholder understands that the sale of the Viewbix Exchange Shares is not registered
under the Securities Act and that the issuance hereof to the MS Shareholders is intended
to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S promulgated
thereunder (Regulation S). Each MS Shareholder is, and on each date
on which it exercises any warrants to purchase shares of Viewbix Common Stock, it will be
either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
(a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9) or (a)(12) under the Securities Act or, if not an accredited investor,
otherwise meets the suitability requirements of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act; (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under
the Securities Act; or (iii) a non-US person, as such term is defined in Regulation
S and as set forth in Annex A hereto. The certificates representing the Viewbix
Exchange Shares issued to the MS Shareholders shall be endorsed with the following legends,
in addition to any other legend required to be placed thereon by applicable securities laws:

6

[NEITHER]
THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE
UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1)
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND BASED ON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL
AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S HAVE BEEN SATISFIED, (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER,
FURNISH TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES
[OR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER
CONTEMPLATED PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
SECURITIES ACT.

(d) The
MS Shareholders acknowledges that neither the SEC, nor the securities regulatory body of
any state or other jurisdiction, has received, considered or passed upon the accuracy or
adequacy of the information and representations made in this Agreement.

(e) Each
of the MS Shareholders acknowledges that it has carefully reviewed such information as it
has deemed necessary to evaluate an investment in Viewbix and its securities. To the full
satisfaction of each MS Shareholder, it has been furnished all materials that it has requested
relating to Viewbix and the purchase of the Viewbix Exchange Shares hereunder.

(f) Each
of the MS Shareholders understands that the Viewbix Exchange Shares may not be sold, transferred,
or otherwise disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom,
and that in the absence of an effective registration statement covering the Viewbix Exchange
Shares or any available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, the Viewbix
Exchange Shares may have to be held indefinitely and each of the MS Shareholders further
acknowledges that the Viewbix Exchange Shares may not be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act unless all of the conditions of Rule 144 are satisfied, including,
without limitation, Viewbixs compliance with the reporting requirements under the
Exchange Act.

7

(g) Each
of the MS Shareholders has conducted its own investigation with respect to Viewbix, its business
and the Viewbix Exchange Shares; has received or otherwise had access to all information
regarding Viewbix that it believes is necessary or appropriate in connection with the purchase
of the Viewbix Exchange Shares, including financial and other information which has been
publicly filed by Viewbix with the SEC through EDGAR; (c) has made its own assessment and
has satisfied itself concerning the relevant tax, legal, currency and other considerations
relevant to its investment in Viewbix; and

(d)
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters in order to evaluate the merits and risks of its prospective investment
in Viewbix.

(h) Company
is an Israeli company, and each MS Shareholder:

(i) is
not a U.S. Person and is not purchasing the Viewbix Exchange Shares for the account of or
benefit of a U.S. Person or a person within the United States;

(ii) was
not offered the Viewbix Exchange Shares in the United States;

(iii) did
not execute or deliver this Agreement, in the United States;

(iv) did
not cause any buy order for the Viewbix Exchange Shares to originate in the United States;

(v) has
no intention to distribute either directly or indirectly any of the Viewbix Exchange Shares
in the United States, and Company will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer, directly or
indirectly, any of the Viewbix Exchange Shares in the United States or to, or for the account
or benefit of, a U.S. Person or person in the United States except pursuant to registration
under the 1933 Act and the securities laws of all applicable states, or pursuant to available
exemptions therefrom;

(vi) did
not receive the offer to purchase the Viewbix Exchange Shares as a result of, nor will it
engage in, any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S);

(vii) is
a non-US person as defined in Regulation S as promulgated under the Securities
Act.

2.4 Additional
Legend; Consent. Additionally, the Viewbix Exchange Shares will bear any legend required
by the blue sky laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable to
the securities represented by the certificate so legended and Company consents to Viewbix
making a notation on its records or giving instructions to any transfer agent of the Viewbix
Exchange Shares in order to implement the restrictions on transfer of the Viewbix Exchange
Shares.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY (COMPANY REPRESENTATIONS)

The
Company represent and warrant to Viewbix, , that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, except for those representations and warranties
that speak of a different date:

2.6 The
MS Exchange Shares represent 100% of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company
on a fully diluted basis and there are no other issued and outstanding share capital of the
Company and no outstanding commitments or contracts to issue any share capital or rights
in share capital of the Company.

8

2.7 Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power of Company. Company is duly incorporated, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of Israel with respect to the filing of annual reports
with the Registrar of Companies of Israel and has the requisite corporate power and authority
to own, lease and operate its properties and other assets and to carry on its business as
now being conducted. Company is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing
of its properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such jurisdictions
where the failure to be so qualified or licensed (individually or in the aggregate) would
not have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company. As used in this Agreement,
the term Material Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change shall
mean any change or effect that either individually or in the aggregate with all other such
changes or effects is materially adverse to the business, assets, properties, condition (financial
or otherwise) or results of operations of each of the Parties taken as a whole.

2.8 Capital
Structure. The authorized share capital of Company consists of 10,000,000 common shares
with par value of NIS 0.001 each, of which 666,643 shares are issued and outstanding as of
the date hereof. There are no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness
or other securities of Company having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable
for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters of which stockholders of Company
are entitled to vote on. There are no outstanding securities, options, warrants, calls, rights,
commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which Company is a party
or by which it is bound obligating Company to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold, additional common stock of Company or other equity or voting securities
of Company or obligating Company to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security,
option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. There are
no outstanding contractual obligations, commitments, understandings or arrangements of Company
to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or make any payment in respect of any common stock
of Company or any other securities of Company. There are no agreements or arrangements pursuant
to which Company is or could be required to register Companys common stock or other
securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)
or other agreements or arrangements with or among any holders of Company or with respect
to any securities of Company.

2.9 Authority;
Non-Contravention. The Company have all requisite authority to enter into this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement have been (or at Closing will have been) duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action (if applicable) on the part of the Company. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of
the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in
any breach or violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of or put
right with respect to any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in
the creation of any lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company (if applicable)under:
(i) the articles of association of the Company, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise
or license applicable to the Company or their respective properties or assets, or (iii) subject
to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in the following sentence, any
judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation or arbitration award applicable
to the Company or its respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, rights, losses or liens
that individually or in the aggregate could not have a Material Adverse Effect with respect
to the Company or could not prevent, hinder or materially delay the ability of the Company
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, order
or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any governmental
entity is required by or with respect to the Company in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the Company , as the case
may be, of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

9

2.10 Financial
Statements; No Undisclosed Liabilities.

(a) Except
as detailed in Schedule 2.10, Company has no liabilities or obligations, contingent
or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business, which,
individually and in the aggregate, do not exceed US$20,000; (ii) obligations under contracts
and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) liabilities and obligations
of a type or nature not required under GAAP to be reflected in its financial statements,
which, individually and in the aggregate do not exceed US$10,000.

(b) Company
is not a guarantor or indemnitor of any debt or obligation of another, nor has Company given
any loan, security or otherwise agreed to become liable for any obligation of any person.
No person has given any guarantee of, or security for, any obligation of Company. Company
did not extend any loans or advances to any person, other than advances for expenses to its
employees in the ordinary course of business.

2.6 Assets
and Properties. Company has good and marketable title to all of the tangible or personal
properties and assets owned by Company, which are material to the business of Company as
currently conducted, and such properties and assets are free and clear of all mortgages,
deeds of trust, liens, pledges, charges, security interests, conditional sale agreement,
loans and encumbrances, except for statutory liens for the payment of current taxes that
are not yet delinquent and encumbrances and liens that arise in the ordinary course of business
and do not materially impair Companys ownership or use of such property or assets.
With respect to the tangible property and assets it leases, Company is in compliance in all
material respects with such leases and, to its knowledge, holds a valid leasehold or license
interest free of any liens, pledges, charges, security interest, claims or encumbrances,
other than those of the lessors of such property or assets. Company does not own any real
property.

2.11 Intellectual
Property. Company has, or has rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights,
licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights for use in connection
with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse
Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Company has
not received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, its material Intellectual Property
Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or
be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Company has not received,
since January 1, 2020, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the
Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe (and will not infringe) upon the rights
of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the MS Shareholders, all such Intellectual Property Rights
are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights. Company has taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The MS Shareholders have no knowledge of any facts that would preclude the Company from having
valid license rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights. The MS Shareholders
have no knowledge that Company lacks or will be unable to obtain any rights or licenses to
use all Intellectual Property Rights that are necessary to conduct Companys business.
For purposes of this Section, knowledge, including the phrase to Companys
knowledge (or similar phrases), when used in this Section 2 shall mean the actual
knowledge of the Companys CEO and the Directors, after due inquiry of office holders
and employees of the Company having responsibility for the matter in question, and (ii) the
actual knowledge and awareness of the MS Shareholders.

10

2.12 Labor
Matters.

(a) Company
has complied, in all material respects, with all applicable employment laws, policies, procedures
and agreements relating to employment, and terms and conditions of employment. Company has
paid in full to all of its respective employees and consultants all wages, salaries, commissions,
bonuses, benefits and other compensation due and payable to such employees or consultants
on or prior to the date of this Agreement. Company has complied in all material respects
with the applicable laws relating to the proper withholding and remittance to the proper
tax and other authorities of all sums required to be withheld from employees or persons deemed
to be employees under applicable laws. To Companys knowledge, all persons classified
by Company as consultants or contractors thereof are correctly classified as such and not
as employees for any purpose. Companys liability for any obligations to pay any amount
of severance payment, pension, accrued vacation, and other social benefits and contributions,
under applicable law or contract, or any other payment of substantially the same nature,
is fully funded by deposit of funds in severance funds, pension funds, managers insurance
policies or provident funds (and if not required to be so funded) adequate provisions have
been made in Companys Financial Statements.

(b) Company
is not a party to, bound by or subject to, and no employee of Company benefits from, any
collective bargaining agreement, collective labor agreement, extension orders (tzavei harchava)
(other than extension orders that apply to all employees in Israel generally), or other contract
or arrangement with a labor union, trade union or other organization or body, to provide
benefits or working conditions beyond the minimum benefits and working conditions required
by applicable law. No labor union has requested or has sought to represent any of the employees,
representatives or agents of Company, nor is Company aware of any labor organization activity
involving its employees. There is no strike or other labor dispute involving Company pending
or, to Companys knowledge, threatened.

11

2.13 Litigation.
There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court,
public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or,
to the knowledge of Company, threatened against Company. Company is not subject to any order,
writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award of any court or any governmental authority.

2.14 Compliance.
Company has not been advised, nor does Company have reason to believe, that it is not conducting
its business in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions
in which it is conducting its business.

2.15 Material
Agreements. All material agreements to which Company is a party are included as part
of or specifically identified in Schedule 2.15 (Company Material Agreements).
Except for the Company Material Agreements, Company has no material contracts. To Companys
Knowledge, neither Company nor any other party to the Company Material Agreements, is in
breach of or default under any of such contracts.

2.16 Taxes.
Company has filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns
and has paid or accrued all taxes shown as due thereon, and Company has no knowledge of a
tax deficiency which has been or might be asserted or threatened against it.

2.17 Conformity
of Descriptions. The MS Exchange Shares, will conform in all material respects to the
descriptions of Companys common shares.

2.18 Disclosure.
All disclosure provided to Viewbix regarding the Company, its business and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the exhibits to this Agreement, furnished by Company with
respect to the representations and warranties made herein are true and correct with respect
to such representations and warranties and do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Viewbix acknowledges
and agrees that Company makes or has made no representations or warranties with respect to
the transaction contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Article II
hereof.

ARTICLE
III - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF VIEWBIX

Viewbix
represents and warrants to MS Shareholders that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, except for those representations and warranties
that speak of a different date, and subject to the Viewbix Reports (as defined below) and the schedule of exceptions attached hereto:

3.1 Viewbix
Exchange Shares. The Viewbix Exchange Shares shall represent at the Closing 19.99% of
the issued and outstanding Share capital of Viewbix as of the Closing Date (as of immediately
following the Closing).

3.2 Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power of Viewbix. Viewbix is duly incorporated, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the requisite corporate
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and other assets and to carry
on its business as now being conducted. Viewbix is duly qualified or licensed to do business
and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership
or leasing of its properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary, other than
in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed (individually or in
the aggregate) would not have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Viewbix.

12

3.3 Capital
Structure. Viewbix capital structure is as described in the Viewbix Reports. Except as
disclosed in the Viewbix Reports (as defined below), there are no outstanding bonds, debentures,
notes or other indebtedness or other securities of Viewbix having the right to vote (or convertible
into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters of which stockholders
of Viewbix are entitled to vote on. Except as disclosed in Viewbix Reports and as set forth
herein, there are no outstanding securities, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments,
agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which Viewbix is a party or by which
it is bound obligating Viewbix to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered
or sold, additional common stock of Viewbix or other equity or voting securities of Viewbix
or obligating Viewbix to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant,
call, right, commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. There are no outstanding
contractual obligations, commitments, understandings or arrangements of Viewbix to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire or make any payment in respect of any common stock of Viewbix
or any other securities of Viewbix. There are no agreements or arrangements pursuant to which
Viewbix is or could be required to register Viewbix common stock or other securities
under the Securities Act or other agreements or arrangements with or among any holders of
Viewbix or with respect to any securities of Viewbix. The issuance of the Viewbix Exchange
Shares will not trigger any anti-dilution rights of any existing securities of Viewbix.

3.4 Authority;
Non-Contravention. Viewbix has all requisite authority to enter into this Agreement and
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement by Viewbix and the consummation by Viewbix of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement have been (or at Closing will have been) duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Viewbix. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Viewbix, enforceable in accordance with
its terms. The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in any breach or violation of, or default (with
or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of or put right with respect to any obligation
or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any lien upon any of
the properties or assets of Viewbix under, (i) the charter documents of Viewbix, (ii) any
loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument,
permit, concession, franchise or license applicable to Viewbix or their respective properties
or assets, or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in
the following sentence, any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation
or arbitration award applicable to Viewbix or their respective properties or assets, other
than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults,
rights, losses or liens that individually or in the aggregate could not have a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to Viewbix or could not prevent, hinder or materially delay the ability
of Viewbix to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval,
order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any
governmental entity is required by or with respect to Viewbix in connection with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Viewbix or the consummation by Viewbix, as the case may
be, of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

13

3.5 Reports.
Since January 1, 2023, Viewbix has filed all forms, reports and documents with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) that have been required to be filed by
it under applicable laws prior to the date hereof (all such forms, reports and documents,
together with all documents filed or furnished on a voluntary basis and all exhibits and
schedules thereto, the Viewbix Reports). As of its filing date (or,
if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, on the date of
such amended or superseded filing), (i) each Viewbix Report complied as to form in all material
respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and/or
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as the case may be, each as in effect on the date such Viewbix Report
was filed, and (ii) each Viewbix Report did not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. To the knowledge
of Viewbix, none of the Viewbix Reports is the subject of ongoing SEC review or investigation.
The financial statements included in the Viewbix Reports comply in all material respects
with the applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission
with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. The financial statements included
in the Viewbix Reports have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis (GAAP),
and fairly represent the financial position of Viewbix and as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal, year- end audit adjustments and the omission of
certain footnotes. Except as set forth in the Viewbix Reports, Viewbix has no liabilities
or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) required
by GAAP to be set forth on a balance sheet of Viewbix or in the notes thereto.

3.6 Litigation.
There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court,
public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or,
to the knowledge of Viewbix, threatened against Viewbix. Viewbix is not subject to any order,
writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award of any court or any governmental authority.

3.7 Compliance.
Viewbix has not been advised, nor does Viewbix have reason to believe, that it is not conducting
its business in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions
in which it is conducting its business.

14

Material
Agreements. All material agreements to which Viewbix is a party are included as part of or specifically identified in the Viewbix
Reports to the extent required by the rules and regulations of the SEC as in effect at the time of filing (Viewbix Material
Agreements). Except for the Viewbix Material Agreements, Viewbix has no material contracts. To Viewbix Knowledge, neither
Viewbix nor any other party to the Viewbix Material Agreements, is in breach of or default under any of such contracts.

3.8 Taxes.
Except as disclosed in the Viewbix Reports or as set forth in Schedule 3.9,
Viewbix has filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns
and has paid or accrued all taxes shown as due thereon, and Viewbix has no knowledge of a
tax deficiency which has been or might be asserted or threatened against it.

3.9 Conformity
of Descriptions. The Viewbix Exchange Shares, when issued, will conform in all material
respects to the descriptions of Viewbix shares of common stock contained in the Viewbix
Reports and other filings with the SEC.

3.10 Disclosure
Controls. Viewbix has disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that are designed to ensure that material
information relating to Viewbix is made known to Viewbix principal executive officer
and Viewbix principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions.

3.11 Acquisition
of Company Capital Stock for Investment.

(a) Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. MS Exchange Shares proposed to be acquired by Viewbix hereunder
will be acquired for investment for Viewbix own account and not as a nominee or agent,
and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and Viewbix has no
present intention of selling, granting any participation in or otherwise distributing the
MS Exchange Shares, except in compliance with applicable securities laws. Viewbix further
represents that it does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with
any Person to sell, transfer or grant participation to such Person with respect to the MS
Exchange Shares.

(b) Viewbix
(i) can bear the economic risk of its investment and (ii) possesses such knowledge and experience
in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of
its investment in Company and its securities.

(c) Viewbix
understands that the MS Exchange Shares will be issued pursuant to an exemption from the
requirement to provide Viewbix with a prospectus and as a result (i) certain protections,
rights and remedies provided by the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968 (the Securities
Law), including statutory rights of rescission and certain statutory remedies
against an issuer, auditors, directors and officers that are available to investors who acquire
securities offered by a prospectus, will not be available to Viewbix, (ii) the Securities
Law may not provide investors with an adequate remedy in the event that they suffer investment
losses in connection with securities acquired in a private placement, (iii) Viewbix may not
receive information that would otherwise be required to be given under the Securities Law,
and (iv) Company is relieved from certain obligations that would otherwise apply under the
Securities Law. The certificates representing the MS Exchange Shares issued to Viewbix shall
be endorsed with the following legends, in addition to any other legend required to be placed
thereon by applicable securities laws:

15

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE NOT TRADED ON THE TEL- AVIV STOCK EXCHANGE OR ANY OTHER SECURITIES EXCHANGE OR MARKET AND MAY ONLY
BE SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN A TRANSACTION CONCERNING WHICH THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL,
SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT SUCH TRANSACTION IS NOT IN CONTRAVENTION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS INCLUDING THE ISRAELI SECURITIES LAW, 5728-1968 AND
MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED ABSENT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT OR IN COMPLIANCE
WITH RULE 144 PROMULGATED UNDER SUCH ACT, OR UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS
COUNSEL, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

(d) Viewbix
acknowledges that neither MS Shareholders nor any of Company directors, employees, officers,
affiliates or agents has made any written or oral representations (i) that any person will
resell or repurchase the MS Exchange Shares, (ii) that any person will refund all or any
part of the consideration paid by Viewbix for the MS Exchange Shares, (iii) as to the future
price or value of the MS Exchange Shares, or (iv) there are risks associated with the purchase
of the MS Exchange Shares and no securities commission, agency, governmental authority, regulatory
body, stock exchange or similar authority has reviewed or passed on the merits of the MS
Exchange Shares or made any recommendations or endorsement with respect to the MS Exchange
Shares.

(e) Viewbix
acknowledges that it has carefully reviewed such information as it has deemed necessary to
evaluate an investment in Company and its securities. To the full satisfaction of Viewbix,
it has been furnished all materials that it has requested relating to Company and the purchase
of the MS Exchange Shares hereunder.

(f) Viewbix
acknowledges that the MS Exchange Shares have not been and will not be registered under the
Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States and that the Company
Exchange Shares may not be offered, pledged, sold, assigned or otherwise transferred, directly
or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit of, a person in the United States or a U.S.
person without registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws
or compliance with the requirements of an exemption from such registration, and it acknowledges
that Company has no present intention of filing or obligation to file a registration statement
under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws in respect of the issuance or
resales of such securities. United States and U.S. person have
the respective meanings assigned to such terms in Rule 902 of Regulation S.

3.12 Disclosure.
All disclosure provided to MS Shareholders regarding Viewbix, its business and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the exhibits to this Agreement, furnished by Viewbix with
respect to the representations and warranties made herein are true and correct with respect
to such representations and warranties and do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The MS Shareholders
acknowledge and agrees that Viewbix makes or has made no representations or warranties with
respect to the transaction contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in
Article III hereof.

16

ARTICLE
IV COVENANTS

4.1 Securities
Law Compliance. Each of the Parties understands and agrees that the consummation of this
Agreement, including the purchase of the Exchange Shares upon Closing as contemplated hereby,
constitutes the offer and sale of securities under the Securities Act and applicable state
statutes. Each of the Parties agrees that such transactions shall be consummated in reliance
on exemptions from the registration requirements of such statutes, which depend, among other
items, on the circumstances under which such securities are acquired. Furthermore, in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each of Viewbix and the MS Shareholders
shall each file, with the assistance of the other and their respective legal counsel, such
notices, applications, reports or other instruments as may be deemed by them to be necessary
or appropriate in an effort to document reliance on such exemptions, all to the extent and
in the manner as may be deemed by the Parties to be appropriate.

4.2 Access
to Information; Confidentiality.

4.2.1 The
Parties hereto shall, and shall cause their officers, employees, counsel, financial advisors
and other representatives to, afford to any other party and its representatives reasonable
access during normal business hours during the period prior to the Closing Date of the Agreement
to its properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records and, during such
period, the Parties shall, and shall cause each of its officers, employees and representatives
to, furnish promptly to any other Party all information concerning its business, properties,
financial condition, operations and personnel as such other Party may from time to time reasonably
request. For the purposes of determining the accuracy of the representations and warranties
of each Party set forth herein and compliance by each Party of its obligations hereunder,
during the period prior to the Closing Date of the Exchange, each Party shall provide each
other Party and its representatives with reasonable access during normal business hours to
its properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records as may be necessary
to enable each Party to confirm the accuracy of the representations and warranties of each
other Party set forth herein and compliance by each Party of their obligations hereunder,
and, during such period, cause its, officers, employees and representatives to, furnish promptly
to each Party upon its request (i) a copy of each report, schedule, registration statement
and other document filed by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal
or state securities laws; and (ii) all other information concerning its business, properties,
financial condition, operations and personnel as such other Party may from time to time reasonably
request.

4.2.2 Except
as required by law, each Party will hold, and will cause its respective directors, officers,
employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other representatives to hold, any
non-public information concerning another Party in strict confidence.

17

4.2.3 No
investigation pursuant to this Section shall affect any representations or warranties of
the Parties herein or the conditions to the obligations of the Parties hereto.

4.3 Commercially
Reasonable Best Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, each of the Parties agrees to use its commercially reasonable best efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other Parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate
and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Exchange and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Parties hereto will use their commercially
reasonable best efforts and cooperate with one another (i) in promptly determining whether
any filings are required to be made or consents, approvals, waivers, permits or authorizations
are required to be obtained (or, which if not obtained, would result in an event of default,
termination or acceleration of any agreement or any put right under any agreement) under
any applicable law or regulation or from any governmental authorities or third parties in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) in promptly making
any such filings, in furnishing information required in connection therewith and in timely
seeking to obtain any such consents, approvals, permits or authorizations. The Parties hereto
shall mutually cooperate in order to facilitate the achievement of the benefits reasonably
anticipated from the Exchange.

4.4 Termination
of the Previous Agreement. By signing this Agreement, the Company and Viewbix hereby
agree and confirm that as of the Effective Date, the Previous Agreement is terminated and
has no further force and effect.

4.5 Further
Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, each Party shall use
its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause
to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations
to consummate and make effective this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein.

ARTICLE
V MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Brokers.
Each Party agrees that there were no finders or brokers involved in bringing the Parties
together or who were instrumental in the negotiation, execution or consummation of this Agreement.
Each Party agrees to indemnify the other against any claim by any third Person for any commission,
brokerage or finders fee arising from the transactions contemplated hereby based on
any alleged agreement or understanding between the indemnifying party and such third Person,
whether express or implied, from the actions of the indemnifying party.

5.2 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Israel, without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State
of Israel or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdictions other than the State of Israel. Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Israel, for
the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to
assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an
inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each
Party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such Party at
the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by
law.

18

5.3 Notices.
All notices or other communications required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing
and addressed as follows:

If
to the MS Shareholders:

As
set forth on the signature page to this Agreement.

If to Viewbix:

Attn: Amihay Hadad

Address: 3 Hanehoshet St, Building B, 7th floor

Tel Aviv, Israel 6971068

Tel: + 972-53-6666611

Email:
amihay@gix-internet.com

or
such other addresses as shall be furnished in writing by any Party in the manner for giving notices hereunder. Notice shall be deemed
to have been duly received: (a) if given email, when transmitted and the appropriate confirmation received, as applicable, if transmitted
on a business day and during normal business hours of the recipient, and otherwise on the next business day following transmission; (b)
if given by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, three business days after being deposited in the
U.S. mail; and (c) if given by courier, messenger or other means, when received or personally delivered and, in any such case, addressed
as indicated herein, or to such other addresses as may be specified by any Party to the other Parties pursuant to notice given by such
Party in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.3.

5.4 Attorneys
Fees. In the event that any Party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement
or to secure relief from any default hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing Party shall
be reimbursed by the losing Party for all costs, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any
judgment rendered therein.

5.5 Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is strictly between Viewbix and the MS Shareholders
and, except as specifically provided, no other Person shall be deemed to be a third party
beneficiary of this Agreement.

5.6 Expenses.
Each Party shall bear its own expenses, including legal, accounting and professional fees,
incurred in connection with this Agreement and any other agreements in connection therewith,
the Exchange or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby.

19

5.7 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and the related documents referenced herein represent the entire
agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior
agreements, understandings and negotiations, written or oral, with respect to such subject
matter.

5.8 Survival;
Termination. The representations, warranties and covenants of the respective Parties
shall survive the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated for a period of two
years.

5.9 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, and all of which taken together shall be but a single instrument. Signatures delivered
by email shall be deemed original signatures.

5.10 Amendment
or Waiver. Every right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other
right and remedy, whether conferred herein, at law or in equity, and may be enforced concurrently
therewith, and no waiver by any Party of the performance of any obligation by the other shall
be construed as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore or thereafter
occurring or existing. This Agreement may by amended by a writing instrument signed by Viewbix
and the MS Shareholders holding the majority of the MS Exchange Shares prior to the Closing,
with respect to any of the terms contained herein, and any term or condition of this Agreement
may be waived or the time for performance may only be extended by a writing signed by the
Party or Parties for whose benefit the provision is intended.

[Signature
pages follow]

20

[Signature
Page to the Securities Exchange Agreement, dated March 24, 2025]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

Viewbix,
Inc. 

By: /s/Amihay
Hadad 

Name: Amihay
Hadad 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

Metagramm
Software Ltd. 

By: /s/
Amit Greener 

Name: /s/ Amit Greener 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

21

SCHEDULE
1

MS
SHAREHOLDERS

MS
Shareholder Address,
Telephone, Email 

Number
of Company Ordinary Shares Held on a Fully

Diluted
Basis Number
of Viewbix Exchange Shares to be Received Pro
rata Share Signature

XYLO

Technologies
Ltd. 171,112 315,066 23.82% 

By:
/s/ Tali Dinar

Title:
CFO

L.I.A.
Pure Capital Ltd. 90,108 165,914 12.54% 

By:
/s/ Kfir Zilberman

Title:CEO

Eliyaho
Haim Zamir 83,080 152,974 11.56% 

/s/
Eliyaho Haim Zamir

Amit
Moshe Greener 174,730 321,728 24.32% 

/s/
Amit Greener

Ron
Yair Peled 83,080 152,974 11.56% 

/s/
Ron Yair Peled

Itay
Meroz 83,080 152,974 11.56% 

/s/
Itay Meroz

Avi
Saranga 33,330 61,370 4.64% 

/s/
Avi Saranga

TOTAL: 718,520 1,323,000 100% 

22

SCHEDULE
2.10

[***]

SCHEDULE
2.15

[***]

SCHEDULE
3.9

[***]

23

ANNEX
A

Regulation
S Questionnaire 

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>vbix-20250323.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>vbix-20250323_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vbix-20250323_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 23, 2025

Entity File Number 000-15746

Entity Registrant Name VIEWBIX
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000797542

Entity Tax Identification Number 68-0080601

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3 Hanehoshet St, Building B

Entity Address, Address Line Two 7th floor

Entity Address, City or Town Tel Aviv

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 6971068

City Area Code +972

Local Phone Number 73-391-2900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://viewbix.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
vbix-20250323.xsd 
vbix-20250323_lab.xml 
vbix-20250323_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-000368-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000797542 

2025-03-23 
2025-03-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000797542 
8-K 
2025-03-23 
VIEWBIX INC. 
000-15746 
DE 
68-0080601 
3 Hanehoshet St, Building B 
7th floor 
Tel Aviv 
IL 
6971068 
+972 
73-391-2900 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>