<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-005739.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-005739.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228164515
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-005739
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Autonomix Medical, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001617867
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				471607810
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41940
		FILM NUMBER:		25691336

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 WATERWAY AVENUE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380
		BUSINESS PHONE:		832-277-7816

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 WATERWAY AVENUE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>amix20250224_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?amix20250224_8k.htm

false000161786700016178672025-02-282025-02-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 28, 2025

Autonomix Medical, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

001-41940 

47-1607810

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

21 Waterway Avenue, Suite 300

The Woodlands, TX77380

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (713) 588-6150

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

AMIX 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 28, 2025, Autonomix Medical, Inc. (the Company) entered into an At Market Issuances Sales Agreement (the Agreement) with Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. (the Agent). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company may sell from time to time through the Agent, as sales agent or principal, shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock) with an initial aggregate sales price of up to $2.1 million (the Shares). The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares for working capital and for general corporate purposes. Any sale of Shares pursuant to the Agreement will be made under the Companys shelf registration statement (the Registration Statement) on Form S-3 to be filed on February 28, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Under the Agreement, the Company may sell Shares through the Agent by any method that is deemed an at the market offering (as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). Under the Agreement, the Agent will also be able to sell shares of Common Stock by any other method permitted by law, including in negotiated transactions with the Companys prior written consent. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Agent is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, applicable state and federal law, rules and regulations, and the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market to sell the Shares from time to time based upon the Companys instructions, including any price, time or size limits specified by the Company. The Agent is not under any obligation to purchase any of the Shares on a principal basis pursuant to the Agreement, except as otherwise agreed by the Agent and the Company in writing and expressly set forth in a placement notice. The Agents obligations to sell the Shares under the Agreement are subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including customary closing conditions. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of Shares under the Agreement and any determination by the Company to do so will be dependent, among other things, on market conditions and the Companys capital raising needs. The Company or the Agent, under certain circumstances and upon notice to the other, may suspend the offering of the Shares under the Agreement.

The Company will pay a commission to the Agent of 3.0% of the gross proceeds of the sale of the Shares sold under the Agreement and reimburse the Agent for certain expenses. The Company has also provided the Agent with customary indemnification rights.

The foregoing description of the Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

The above disclosure shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities discussed herein, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation, or sale of the securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Item 8.01 Other Events

The Company is filing this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, solely to retrospectively present certain financial information and related disclosures included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on May 31, 2024 (the 2024 Form 10-K).

On October 24, 2024, the Company effected a reverse stock split at a ratio of 1-for-20 (the Reverse Stock Split). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was reduced from approximately 23.0 million shares to approximately 1.15 million shares, and the number of authorized shares of common stock remained at 500 million shares. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, proportionate adjustments were made to the per share exercise price and/or the number of shares issuable upon the exercise or vesting of all outstanding stock options, restricted stock unit awards, warrants, and convertible notes which resulted in a proportional decrease in the number of shares of the Companys common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise or vesting of such stock options, restricted stock unit awards, warrants, and convertible notes, and, in the case of stock options and warrants, a proportional increase in the exercise price of all such stock options and warrants. In addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Companys equity compensation plan immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split was reduced proportionately.

In connection with the approval of the Reverse Stock Split, the Company agreed that no fractional shares would be issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split and that it would issue one full share of the post-reverse stock split common stock to any stockholder who would have been entitled to receive a fractional share as a result of the process. On November 1, 2024, the Company received notice from DTCC on behalf of the brokerage firms that hold the shares of Company common stock held in street name that in connection with the foregoing rounding of shares the Company would need to issue 271,846 shares of common stock. Prior to the Company's required announcement regarding the reverse stock split on October 22, 2024, the Company estimates there were approximately 4,800 shareholders of record. The Company does not believe the number of shares being requested is correct based on the historical number of shareholders of its common stock and is aware of similar occurrences in recent months for other companies completing a reverse stock split. As such, the Company began an inquiry into the calculations set forth in the request. During the pendency of this inquiry, the Company does not intend to issue any shares in connection with the fractional shares being requested. The Company may face potential liability for its failure to issue the shares of common stock if it is determined that it is required to issue such shares.

REVERSE SPLIT FINANCIAL DATA

The table below sets forth the impact of the Reverse Stock Split on the Companys net loss per common share basic and diluted; weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted; and shares issued and outstanding, for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023:

(Unaudited) 

(Unaudited) 

Pre Split (1) 

Post Split 

3 Months Ended June 30, 

3 Months Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Net loss (in thousands, except share and per share data) $ (2,699 ) $ (865 ) $ (2,699 ) $ (865 )

Net loss per common share basic and diluted $ (0.14 ) $ (0.07 ) $ (2.85 ) $ (1.34 )

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 18,902,248 12,884,604 945,382 644,241 

Shares issued and outstanding 19,242,081 13,756,571 962,374 687,840 

(1) The pre-split amounts represent the amounts reported in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the respective periods.

In addition to the foregoing, this Form 8-K is being filed to retrospectively present the financial information and related disclosures contained in the 2024 Form 10-K to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split. The following items of the 2024 Form 10-K are being retrospectively presented (collectively, the Revised Sections) as reflected in Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Part II, Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

The disclosures in the Revised Sections were updated to reflect the Companys results as if the Reverse Stock Split criteria for Autonomix had been met during the periods being presented. Other than Notes 6a and 8a, the Revised Sections do not reflect events occurring after the filing of the 2024 Form 10-K and do not modify or update the disclosures therein in any way for any information, uncertainties, transactions, risks, events or trends occurring, or known to management, other than as specifically required to reflect the Reverse Stock Split presentation. Other than the Revised Sections filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K, all other information in the 2024 Form 10-K remains unchanged and have not been otherwise updated for events occurring after the filing of the 2024 Form 10-K and continues to speak only as of the original filing date.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Exhibit

1.1 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated February 28, 2025, by and between Autonomix Medical, Inc. and Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

23.1 Consent of Forvis Mazars, LLP

99.1 Revised Sections of the 2024 Form 10-K

104 Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Signature

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AUTONOMIX MEDICAL, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Trent Smith 

Trent Smith 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: February 28, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_783987.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
ex_783987.htm

Exhibit 1.1

EXECUTION VERSION

Autonomix Medical, Inc.

Common Stock

(par value $0.001 per share)

At Market Issuance Sales Agreement

February 28, 2025

Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

640 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Autonomix Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. (the Agent) as follows:

1. Issuance and Sale of Shares. The Company agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, it may issue and sell through the Agent, shares (the Placement Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), provided however, that in no event shall the Company issue or sell through the Agent such number of Placement Shares that (a) exceeds the dollar amount of shares of Common Stock registered on the effective Registration Statement (as defined below) pursuant to which the offering is being made, or (b) exceeds the number of shares or dollar amount registered on the Prospectus (as defined below), or (c) exceeds the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or (d) exceeds the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock that would cause the Company or the offering of the Placement Shares to not satisfy the eligibility and transaction requirements for use of Form S-3, including, if applicable, General Instruction I.B.6 of Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the lesser of (a), (b), (c) and(d), the Maximum Amount). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitations set forth in this Section 1 on the number of Placement Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Company and that the Agent shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance. The issuance and sale of Placement Shares through the Agent will be effected pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined below), although nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as requiring the Company to use the Registration Statement to issue any Placement Shares.

On the date of this Agreement, the Company has filed, or will file, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Securities Act), with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), a registration statement on Form S-3 (the Current Registration Statement), including a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), relating to certain securities, including the Placement Shares to be issued from time to time by the Company, and which incorporates by reference documents that the Company has filed or will file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder. The Company has prepared a prospectus or a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus included as part of the registration statement, which prospectus or prospectus supplement relates to the Placement Shares to be issued from time to time by the Company (the Prospectus Supplement). The Company will furnish to the Agent, for use by such Agent, copies of the prospectus included as part of such registration statement, as supplemented, by the Prospectus Supplement, relating to the Placement Shares to be issued from time to time by the Company. The Company may file one or more additional registration statements from time to time that will contain a base prospectus and related prospectus or prospectus supplement, if applicable (which shall be a Prospectus Supplement), with respect to the Placement Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, such registration statement(s) or any post-effective amendment thereto, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained in a Prospectus (as defined below) subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or deemed to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Actor any subsequent registration statement on Form S-3 filed pursuant to Rule 415(a)(6) under the Securities Act by the Company to cover any securities registered pursuant the Registration Statement, including any Placement Shares, as a result of the end of the three-year period described in Rule 415(a)(5) of the Securities Act, is herein called the Registration Statement. The base prospectus or base prospectuses with respect to the Placement Shares, including all documents incorporated therein by reference, included in the Registration Statement, as it may be supplemented, if necessary, by the Prospectus Supplement, in the form in which such prospectus or prospectuses and/or Prospectus Supplement have most recently been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations, together with the then issued Issuer Free Writing Prospectus(es) (defined below), is herein called the Prospectus.

Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein, and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing after the execution hereof of any document with the Commission deemed to be incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated Documents). For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or to any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include the most recent copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System, or if applicable, the Interactive Data Electronic Application system when used by the Commission (collectively, EDGAR).

2. Placements. Each time that the Company wishes to issue and sell Placement Shares hereunder (each, a Placement), it will notify the Agent by email notice (or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) of the number of Placement Shares to be sold, the time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of Placement Shares that may be sold in any one day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made (a Placement Notice), the form of which is attached hereto as Schedule 1. The receipt of each such Placement Notice shall be promptly acknowledged by the Agent by email confirmation to the Company. The Placement Notice shall originate from any of the individuals from the Company set forth on Schedule 2 (with a copy to each of the other individuals from the Company listed on such schedule), and shall be addressed to each of the individuals from the Agent set forth on Schedule 2, as such Schedule 2 may be amended from time to time. Provided that the Company is otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the Placement Notice shall be effective immediately upon receipt by the Agent unless and until (i) the Agent declines to accept the terms contained therein for any reason, in its sole discretion, (ii) the entire amount of the Placement Shares thereunder has been sold, (iii) the Company suspends or terminates the Placement Notice, or (iv) this Agreement has been terminated under the provisions of Section 13. The amount of any discount, commission or other compensation to be paid by the Company to the Agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares shall be calculated in accordance with the terms set forth in Schedule 3. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Company nor the Agent will have any obligation whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement Shares unless and until the Company delivers a Placement Notice to the Agent and the Agent does not decline such Placement Notice pursuant to the terms set forth above, and then only upon the terms specified therein and herein. In the event of a conflict between the terms of Sections 2 or 3 of this Agreement and the terms of a Placement Notice, the terms of the Placement Notice will control.

2

3. Sale of Placement Shares by the Agent.

a. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the period specified in a Placement Notice, the Agent will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, to sell the Placement Shares up to the amount specified in, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of, such Placement Notice. The Agent will provide written confirmation to the Company no later than the opening of the Trading Day (as defined below) immediately following the Trading Day on which it has made sales of Placement Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Placement Shares sold on such day, the compensation payable by the Company to the Agent pursuant to Section 2 with respect to such sales, and the Net Proceeds (as defined below) payable to the Company, with an itemization of the deductions made by the Agent (as set forth in Section 5(b)) from the gross proceeds that it receives from such sales. Subject to the terms of a Placement Notice, the Agent agrees that all sales of the Placement Shares by the Agent will be made only by methods permitted by law and deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act. Subject to the terms of a Placement Notice, the Agent may also sell Placement Shares by any other method permitted by law, including but not limited to privately negotiated transactions or sales made directly on or through the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange), or any other existing trading market for the Common Stock, in negotiated transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices and/or any other method permitted by law with the Companys consent. Trading Day means any day on which Common Stock is purchased and sold on the Exchange.

b. For such time as the Agent is actively offering Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement, the Agent shall not for its own account engage in (i) any short sale of any security of the Company, (ii) any sale of any security of the Company that the Agent does not own for the account of the Agent or any sale which is consummated by the delivery of a security of the Company borrowed by, or for the account of, the Agent, or (iii) any market making, bidding, purchasing, stabilization or other trading activity with regard to the Common Stock or related derivative securities, or attempting to induce another person to do any of the foregoing, if such activity would be prohibited under Regulation M or other anti-manipulation rules under the Securities Act. Neither the Agent nor any of its affiliates or subsidiaries shall engage in any proprietary trading or trading for the Agents (or its affiliates or subsidiaries) own account. For the avoidance of doubt, this restriction shall not apply to transactions by or on behalf of any customer of the Agent or transactions by the Agent to facilitate any such transactions by or on behalf of any customer of the Agent.

4. Suspension of Sales. The Company or the Agent may, upon notice to the other party in writing (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 2, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable facsimile transmission or email correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 2), suspend any sale of Placement Shares (a Suspension); provided, however, that such suspension shall not affect or impair any partys obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice. While a Suspension is in effect, any obligation under Sections 7(l), 7(m), and 7(n) with respect to the delivery of certificates, opinions, or comfort letters to the Agent, shall be waived. Each of the parties agrees that no such notice under this Section 4 shall be effective against any other party unless it is made to one of the individuals named on Schedule 2 hereto and acknowledged in accordance with this Section 4, as such Schedule may be amended from time to time.

5. Sale and Delivery to the Agent; Settlement.

a. Sale of Placement Shares. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, upon the Agents acceptance of the terms of a Placement Notice, and unless the sale of the Placement Shares described therein has been declined, suspended, or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Agent, for the period specified in the Placement Notice, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of the Exchange to sell such Placement Shares up to the amount specified in, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of, such Placement Notice. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Agent will be successful in selling Placement Shares, (ii) the Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if it does not sell Placement Shares for any reason other than a failure by the Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations and the rules of the Exchange to sell such Placement Shares as required under this Agreement and (iii) the Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise agreed by the Agent and the Company.

3

b. Settlement of Placement Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice, settlement for sales of Placement Shares will occur on the first (1st) Trading Day (or such earlier day as is industry practice for regular-way trading) following the date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). The amount of proceeds to be delivered to the Company on a Settlement Date against receipt of the Placement Shares sold (the Net Proceeds) will be equal to the aggregate sales price received by the Agent, after deduction for (i) the Agents commission, discount or other compensation for such sales payable by the Company pursuant to Section 2 hereof, and (ii) any transaction fees imposed by any governmental or self-regulatory organization in respect of such sales.

c. Delivery of Placement Shares. On or before each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Placement Shares being sold by crediting the Agents or its designees account (provided that the Agent shall have given the Company written notice of such designee at least one Trading Day prior to the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System (DWAC) or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form. On each Settlement Date, the Agent will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company on, or prior to, the Settlement Date. The Agent will be responsible for providing DWAC instructions or instructions for delivery by other means with respect to the transfer of the Placement Shares being sold. The Company agrees that if the Company, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver Placement Shares on a Settlement Date through no fault of the Agent, then in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Section 11(a) hereto, it will (i) hold the Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company or its transfer agent (if applicable) and (ii) pay to the Agent (without duplication) any commission, discount, or other compensation to which it would otherwise have been entitled absent such default.

d. Limitations on Offering Size. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares if, after giving effect to the sale of such Placement Shares, the gross sales proceeds or aggregate number of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the lesser of (A) together with all sales of Placement Shares under this Agreement, the Maximum Amount, (B) the amount available for offer and sale under the currently effective Registration Statement and (C) the amount authorized from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement by the Companys board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Agent in writing. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price authorized from time to time by the Companys board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Agent in writing. Further, under no circumstances shall the Company cause or permit the aggregate offering amount of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement to exceed the Maximum Amount.

4

e. Sales Through Agent. The Company agrees that any offer to sell, any solicitation of an offer to buy, or any sales of Common Stock or any other equity security of the Company shall only be effected by or through the Agent, and only the Agent, on any single given date; provided however that (i) the foregoing limitation shall not apply to (A) exercise of any option, warrant, right or any conversion privilege set forth in the instruction governing such securities, (B) sales solely to employees, directors, consultants or security holders of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or to a trustee or other person acquiring such securities for the accounts of such person and (ii) such limitation shall not apply (A) on any day during which no sales are made pursuant to this Agreement or (B) during a period in which the Company has notified the Agent that it will not sell Common Stock under this Agreement and (1) no Placement Notice is pending or (2) after a Placement Notice has been withdrawn.

6. Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (including the Incorporated Documents), or except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report (but excluding any disclosures of risks set forth under the heading Risk Factors, disclosures of risks set forth in any forward-looking statements disclaimer or in any other statements that are similarly cautionary or predictive in nature), the Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with the Agent that as of the date of this Agreement and as of each Applicable Time (as defined below), unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different date or time:

a. Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, meet the requirements for and comply with the applicable conditions for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has been filed, or will be filed, with the Commission, and (i) as of the date of this Agreement, the Company has no reason to believe that it shall not be declared effective under the Securities Act, or (ii) as of any Applicable Time after the date of this Agreement, has been declared effective under the Securities Act. The Prospectus Supplement names Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. as the Agent in the section entitled Plan of Distribution. The Company has not received, and has no notice of, any order of the Commission preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, or threatening or instituting proceedings for that purpose. The Registration Statement and the offer and sale of Placement Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at the time it becomes effective, and as of each Applicable Time, if any, will comply in all material respects with said Rule. Any statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement have been so described or filed. Copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and any such amendments or supplements and all documents incorporated by reference therein that were filed with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are available through EDGAR, to the Agent and its counsel. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of each Settlement Date and completion of the distribution of the Placement Shares, will not distribute, any offering material in connection with the offering or sale of the Placement Shares other than the Registration Statement (once effective) and the Prospectus and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) to which the Agent has consented, any such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Common Stock is currently listed on the Exchange under the trading symbol AMIX. The Company has not received notice from the Exchange to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of the Exchange. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

b. No Misstatement or Omission. The Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, and the Prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, on the date of such Prospectus or amendment or supplement, conformed and will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. At each Settlement Date, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as of such date, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. The Registration Statement, did not, and will not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus and any amendment and supplement thereto, on the date thereof and at each Applicable Time (defined below), did not or will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The documents incorporated by reference in the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement did not, and any further documents filed and incorporated by reference therein will not, when filed with the Commission, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such document or necessary to make the statements in such document, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or omissions from, any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with the Agents Information.

5

c. Conformity with Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Incorporated Documents, when such documents were or are filed with the Commission under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed or will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or the use of the Prospectus has been issued, and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this Agreement, free writing prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

d. Subsidiaries. None of the Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 25 below) is a significant subsidiary as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act. If the Company has no significant subsidiaries, all other references, except as set forth in this Section 3.1(a), to the Subsidiaries or any of them in this Agreement shall be disregarded. No Subsidiary owns any material assets or incurs any material liabilities.

e. Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 25 below) and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

f. Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the board of directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined below). This Agreement and each other Incorporated Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

6

g. No Conflicts. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (as defined below), the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien (as defined in Section 25 below) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

h. Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other person, as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a Person) in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, other than such as have been obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities Act and such as may be required under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, FINRA or the Trading Market (as defined in Section 25 below) (collectively, the Required Approvals).

i. Issuance of Placement Shares. The Placement Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The holders of the Placement Shares will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders. The Placement Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Placement Shares has been duly and validly taken. The Placement Shares conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement.

j. Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not issued any capital stock other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in Section 25 below) outstanding as of such date. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been waived. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Placement Shares and as set forth in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. The authorized shares of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the Companys securities were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers, exempt from such registration requirements. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the board of directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

7

k. SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the preceding two years (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement and the SEC Reports conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

8

l. Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans and (vi) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Placement Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. Unless otherwise disclosed in an SEC Report, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect of its capital stock.

m. Litigation. Except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Agreement or the issuance of the Placement Shares or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

n. Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

o. Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

p. Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all licenses, certificates, authorizations, registrations and permits issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (each, a Material Permit), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation, suspension, modification, invalidation or termination of any Material Permit. The disclosures in the Registration Statement concerning the effects of Federal, State, local and all foreign regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects.

q. Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid and marketable rights to lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP, and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

r. Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. For clarity and avoidance of doubt, an application that is abandoned in favor of a continuation or divisional application pursuing the same of similar subject matter as the parent application shall not be considered an abandonment or termination of Intellectual Property Rights. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

10

s. Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

t. Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from, any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

u. Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Applicable Time. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, the Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, the Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company.

11

v. Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the Companys knowledge, there are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Agents compensation, as determined by FINRA. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve months prior to the Execution Date. None of the net proceeds of the Placement Shares will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

w. Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that it will not be or become, at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement, an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

x. Registration Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company.

y. Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through DTC or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees of DTC (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

z. Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar antitakeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable as a result of the Agent and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under this Agreement.

12

aa. Disclosure; 10b-5. The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, if any, at the time it became effective, including any information deemed to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430A under the Securities Act, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations under the Securities Act and did not and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its respective date, complies in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The SEC Reports incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, if any, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations, and none of such documents, if any, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, if any, when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. There are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Prospectus, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed as required.

bb. No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Placement Shares to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

cc. Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Applicable Time, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the date hereof. The SEC Reports sets forth all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments.

13

dd. Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. The term taxes mean all federal, state, local, foreign, and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

ee. Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA). The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the FCPA.

ff. Accountants. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, the Company Auditor is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act. The Company Auditor has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act. Company Auditor means Forvis Mazars, LLP, with offices located at 191 Peachtree Road, NE Suite 2700, Atlanta, Georgia 30303.

gg. Regulatory Matters. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

14

hh. Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

ii. U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Agents request.

jj. Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

kk. Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

ll. FINRA Affiliation. To its knowledge, no officer, director or any beneficial owner of 5% or more of the Companys unregistered securities has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA) that is participating in the Offering. The Company will advise the Agent and Blank Rome if it learns that any officer, director or owner of 5% or more of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member firm.

mm. Board of Directors. The board of directors is comprised of the persons set forth in the SEC Reports. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board of directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the Trading Market. At least one member of the board of directors qualifies as a financial expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Trading Market. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the board of directors qualify as independent as defined under the rules of the Trading Market.

15

nn. Compliance with Privacy Laws; Cybersecurity. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company (i) has operated its business in a manner compliant with all United States federal, state, and local, and non-United States, privacy, data security, and data protection laws and regulations applicable to the Companys collection, use, transfer, protection, disposal, disclosure, handling, storage, and analysis of data that is defined as personal data under applicable law (Personal Data), (ii) has been and is in compliance with its internal policies and procedures designed to ensure the integrity and security of the Personal Data collected, handled or stored by the Company in connection with its business, (iii) has been and is in compliance with its internal policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with, to the extent applicable to the Company, health care laws that govern privacy and data security and takes, and has taken, reasonably appropriate steps designed to assure its compliance with such policies and procedures. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has taken reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of its Personal Data, protected health information, consumer information, and other confidential information of the Company and any third parties in the possession and control of the Company (Sensitive Company Data). Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Companys tangible or digital information technology systems (including computers, screens, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, networks, data communications lines, technical data and hardware), software, websites, applications and telecommunications systems (the Company IT Assets) are adequate in capacity and operation for, in accordance with their documentation and functional specifications, the business of the Company as now operated as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, free and clear of all Trojan horses, time bombs, malware, and other bugs, errors, or defects that, in each case, create material risk of a security breach with respect to such Company IT Assets or Sensitive Company Data processed thereon. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has used reasonable efforts to establish, and has established, commercially reasonable disaster recovery and security plans, procedures and facilities for the business of the Company consistent with industry standards and practices, including, without limitation, for the Company IT Assets and Sensitive Company Data held or used by the Company. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) to the Companys knowledge, the Company has not suffered or incurred any security breaches, compromises or incidents with respect to any Company IT Asset or Sensitive Company Data and (ii) to the Companys knowledge, there has been no unauthorized or illegal use of, or access to, any Company IT Asset or Sensitive Company Data by any unauthorized third party. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, to the Companys knowledge, the Company has not been required to notify any individual of any information security breach, compromise or incident involving Sensitive Company Data.

oo. Underwriter Agreements. The Company is not a party to any agreement with an agent or underwriter for any other at the market or continuous equity transaction.

pp. Margin Rules. Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Placement Shares nor the application of the proceeds thereof by the Company as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

qq. Reserved.

rr. Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

16

ss. Reserved.

tt. Consents and Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries have made all filings, applications and submissions required by, and possess and are operating in compliance in all material respects with all approvals, licenses, certificates, certifications, clearances, consents, grants, exemptions, marks, notifications, orders, permits and other authorizations issued by, the appropriate federal, state or foreign Governmental Authority (including the FDA, the United States Drug Enforcement Administration, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), or any other foreign, federal, state, provincial or local Government Authorities engaged in the regulation of clinical trials, pharmaceuticals, biologics or biohazardous substances or materials) necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or to conduct their businesses as described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (collectively, Permits), except for such Permits the failure of which to possess, obtain or file would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Permits, except where the failure to be in compliance would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; all of the Permits are valid and in full force and effect, except where any invalidity would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has received any notice relating to the limitation, revocation, cancellation, suspension, modification or non-renewal of any such Permit which, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or has any reason to believe that any such license, certificate, permit or authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course. To the extent required by applicable Laws of the FDA, the Company or the applicable Subsidiary has submitted to the FDA an Investigational Device Exemption Application or amendment or supplement thereto for each clinical trial it has conducted or sponsored or is conducting or sponsoring; all such submissions were in material compliance with applicable Laws when submitted and no material deficiencies have been asserted by the FDA with respect to any such submissions. The Company and each Subsidiary possess such valid and current certificates, authorizations or permits issued by the appropriate state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct their respective businesses, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, or has any reason to believe that it will receive, any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or permit which, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not applied for approved enterprise, benefited enterprise or preferred enterprise status with respect to any of the Companys facilities or operations.

uu. Regulatory Filings. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has failed to file with the applicable Governmental Authority (including the FDA, or any foreign, federal, state, provincial or local Governmental Authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA) any required filing, declaration, listing, registration, report or submission, except for such failures that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. All such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions were in substantial compliance with applicable Laws when filed and no deficiencies have been asserted by any applicable regulatory authority with respect to any such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions, except for any deficiencies that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has operated and currently is, in all material respects, in compliance with the United States Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and all applicable rules and regulations of the FDA and other federal, state, local and foreign Governmental Authority exercising comparable authority. The Company has no knowledge of any studies, tests or trials not described in the Registration Statement, and the Prospectus the results of which reasonably call into question in any material respect the results of the studies, tests and trials described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

17

vv. Health Care Laws. The Company and, to the Companys knowledge, its directors, officers, employees, and agents (while acting in such capacity) are in compliance with all health care laws and regulations applicable to the Company or any of its product candidates or activities, including development and testing of medical devices and pharmaceutical products, kickbacks, recordkeeping, documentation requirements, the hiring of employees, quality, safety, privacy, security, licensure, accreditation or any other aspect of developing and testing medical devices or pharmaceutical products (collectively, Health Care Laws), except where such noncompliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received any notification, correspondence or any other written or oral communication, including notification of any pending or threatened claim, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any governmental or regulatory authority or third party, including, without limitation, the FDA, CMS, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General or Officer of Civil Rights, of potential or actual non-compliance by, or liability of, the Company under any Health Care Laws, except for any such communication (i) that asserts any such non-compliance that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that the Company believes has been resolved to the satisfaction of such governmental or regulatory authority or third party as of the date hereof. No such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened. The Company has not received any FDA Form 483, notice including a determination of adverse finding by the FDA, warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Health Care Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Health Care Laws (Authorizations), except for any such letter or other correspondence or notice (A) that asserts any such non-compliance that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (B) that the Company believes has been resolved to the satisfaction of the FDA or other such Governmental Authority as of the date hereof. The Company reasonably believes it is not a covered entity, as defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended (HIPAA) and has not received any requests or demands from a covered entity or governmental authority to make available its internal practices, books, and/or records relating to its use and disclosure of health information for purposes of determining a covered entitys or the Companys compliance with HIPAA or with other applicable privacy law.

ww. Clinical Studies. The preclinical studies and tests and clinical trials described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus were, and, if still pending, are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with the experimental protocols, procedures and controls pursuant to, where applicable, accepted professional and scientific standards for products or product candidates comparable to those being developed by the Company; the descriptions of such studies, tests and trials, and the results thereof, contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus are accurate and complete in all material respects; the Company is not aware of any tests, studies or trials not described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the results of which reasonably call into question in any material respect the results of the tests, studies and trials described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; and the Company has not received any written notice or correspondence from the FDA or any foreign, state or local Governmental Authority exercising comparable authority or any institutional review board or comparable authority requiring the termination, suspension, clinical hold or material modification of any tests, studies or trials described in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus.

Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company, as applicable, to the Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

18

7. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Agent that:

a. Registration Statement Amendments. After the date of this Agreement and during any period in which a prospectus relating to any Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Agent under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act) (the Prospectus Delivery Period), (i) the Company will notify the Agent promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference or amendments not related to any Placement, has been filed with the Commission and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement to the Prospectus has been filed and of any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus related to the Placement or for additional information related to the Placement, (ii) the Company will prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the Agents request, any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in the Agents reasonable opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the distribution of the Placement Shares by the Agent (provided, however, that the failure of the Agent to make such request shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement and provided, further, that the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect to the failure to make such filing shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement until such amendment or supplement is filed); (iii) the Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares (other than an Incorporated Document) unless a copy thereof has been submitted to the Agent within a reasonable period of time before the filing and the Agent has not reasonably objected thereto within two (2) Business Days (as defined below) (provided, however, that (A) the failure of the Agent to make such objection shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement and (B) the Company has no obligation to provide the Agent any advance copy of such filing or to provide the Agent an opportunity to object to such filing if the filing does not name the Agent or does not relate to the transaction herein provided; and provided, further, that the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect to the failure by the Company to obtain such consent shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement) and the Company will furnish to the Agent at the time of filing thereof a copy of any document that upon filing is deemed to be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement or Prospectus, except for those documents available via EDGAR; and (iv) the Company will cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act or, in the case of any document to be incorporated therein by reference, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within the time period prescribed (the determination to file or not file any amendment or supplement with the Commission under this Section 7(a), based on the Companys reasonable opinion or reasonable objections, shall be made exclusively by the Company).

b. Notice of Commission Stop Orders. The Company will advise the Agent, promptly after it receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof, of the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Placement Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for any such purpose; and it will promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such a stop order should be issued. The Company will advise the Agent promptly after it receives any request by the Commission for any amendments to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplements to the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or for additional information related to the offering of the Placement Shares or for additional information related to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.

19

c. Delivery of Prospectus; Subsequent Changes. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as from time to time in force, and to file on or before their respective due dates all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, 15(d) or any other provision of or under the Exchange Act. If the Company has omitted any information from the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430A under the Securities Act, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the provisions of and make all requisite filings with the Commission pursuant to said Rule 430A and to notify the Agent promptly of all such filings. If during the Prospectus Delivery Period any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading, or if during such Prospectus Delivery Period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will promptly notify the Agent to suspend the offering of Placement Shares during such period and the Company will promptly amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance; provided, however, that the Company may delay the filing of any amendment or supplement, if in the judgment of the Company, it is in the best interest of the Company.

d. Listing of Placement Shares. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Placement Shares to be listed on the Exchange and to qualify the Placement Shares for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Agent reasonably designates and to continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Placement Shares; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith to qualify as a foreign corporation or dealer in securities or file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction. The Company will reserve, from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement based on the assumed price per share in the Prospectus.

e. Delivery of Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company will furnish to the Agent and its counsel (at the reasonable expense of the Company) copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference therein) and all amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that are filed with the Commission during the Prospectus Delivery Period (including all documents filed with the Commission during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), in each case as soon as reasonably practicable and in such quantities as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request and, at the Agents request, will also furnish copies of the Prospectus to each exchange or market on which sales of the Placement Shares may be made; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus) to the Agent to the extent such document is available on EDGAR.

f. Earnings Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than 15 months after the end of the Companys current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement covering a 12-month period that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) and Rule 158 of the Securities Act.

g. Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the Net Proceeds as described in the Prospectus in the section entitled Use of Proceeds.

h. Notice of Other Sales. Without the prior written consent of the Agent, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Stock during the period beginning on the date on which any Placement Notice is delivered to the Agent hereunder and ending on the second (2nd) Trading Day immediately following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant to such Placement Notice (or, if the Placement Notice has been terminated or suspended prior to the sale of all Placement Shares covered by a Placement Notice, the date of such suspension or termination); and will not directly or indirectly in any other at the market or continuous equity transaction offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Stock prior to the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that such restrictions will not be required in connection with the Companys issuance or sale of (i) Common Stock, restricted stock units, options to purchase Common Stock or Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options or conversion of restricted stock units pursuant to any employee or director stock or benefits plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan (but not Common Stock subject to a waiver to exceed plan limits in its dividend reinvestment plan) of the Company whether now in effect or hereafter implemented; and (ii) Common Stock issuable upon conversion of securities or the exercise of warrants, options or other rights in effect or outstanding, and disclosed in filings by the Company available on EDGAR or otherwise in writing to the Agent; (iii) Common Stock, or securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, offered and sold in a privately negotiated transaction to vendors, customers, strategic partners or potential strategic partners or other investors conducted in a manner so as not to be integrated with the offering of Common Stock hereby; and (iv) Common Stock in connection with any acquisition, strategic investment or other similar transaction (including any joint venture, strategic alliance or partnership).

20

i. Change of Circumstances. The Company will, at any time during the pendency of a Placement Notice, advise the Agent promptly after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect in any material respect any opinion, certificate, letter or other document required to be provided to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

j. Due Diligence Cooperation. During the term of this Agreement, the Company will cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Agent or its representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information and making available documents and senior corporate officers, during regular business hours and at the Companys principal offices, as the Agent may reasonably request.

k. Required Filings Relating to Placement of Placement Shares. To the extent that the filing of a prospectus supplement with the Commission with respect to a placement of Placement Shares becomes required under Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, the Company agrees that on such dates as the Securities Act shall require, the Company will (i) file a prospectus supplement with the Commission under the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (each and every filing under Rule 424(b), a Filing Date), which prospectus supplement will set forth, within the relevant period, the amount of Placement Shares sold through the Agent, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation payable by the Company to the Agent with respect to such Placement Shares, and (ii) deliver such number of copies of each such prospectus supplement to each exchange or market on which such sales were effected as may be required by the rules or regulations of such exchange or market; provided that the Company may satisfy its obligations under this Section 7(k) by making a filing in accordance with the Exchange Act including such information.

l. Representation Dates; Certificate. Each time during the term of this Agreement that the Company:

(i) amends or supplements (other than a prospectus supplement relating solely to an offering of securities other than the Placement Shares) the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares by means of a post-effective amendment, sticker, or supplement but not by means of incorporation of documents by reference into the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares;

(ii) files an Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (including any Form 10-K/A containing amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed Form 10-K);

(iii) files its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act; or

21

(iv) files a Current Report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than information furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K relating to the reclassification of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) under the Exchange Act.

Each date of filing of one or more of the documents referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) shall be a Representation Date), the Company shall furnish the Agent (but in the case of clause (iv) above only if the Agent reasonably determines that the information contained in such Form 8-K is material) with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l). The requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 7(l) shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) upon the delivery of the first Placement Notice hereunder and (ii) if the Company subsequently decides to sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Agent with a certificate under this Section 7(l), then before the Agent sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Agent with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l), dated the date of the Placement Notice.

m. Legal Opinions.

(i) Company Counsel. On or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice given hereunder, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent a legal opinion and a negative assurance letter of ArentFox Schiff LLP (Company Counsel), or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. Thereafter, within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l) for which no waiver is applicable, and not more than once per calendar quarter, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent written opinions and a negative assurance letter of Company Counsel in form and substance previously agreed, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented; provided that, in lieu of such opinions and negative assurance for subsequent periodic filings under the Exchange Act, Company Counsel may furnish the Agent with a Reliance Letter to the effect that the Agent may rely on the opinions and negative assurance letter previously delivered under this Section 7(m) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such letter (except that statements in such prior letter shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented as of the date of the Reliance Letter).

(ii) Intellectual Property Counsel. On or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice given hereunder, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent written opinions and a negative assurance letter of Ryan, Mason & Lewis, LLP (Intellectual Property Counsel), or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. Thereafter, within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l) for which no waiver is applicable, and not more than once per calendar quarter, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent a certification of a Company officer in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent written opinions and a negative assurance letter of Intellectual Property Counsel, or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, within five (5) Trading Days after the filing by the Company of each Annual Report on Form 10-K (or any amendment to such Form 10-K in a Form 10-K/A if the relevant intellectual property disclosure in such Form 10-K is amended or updated in such Form 10-K/A).

22

n. Comfort Letter. On or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice given hereunder and within five (5) Trading Days after each subsequent Representation Date, other than pursuant to Section 7(l)(iii), the Company shall cause its independent accountant to furnish the Agent letters (the Comfort Letters), dated the date the Comfort Letter is delivered, which shall meet the requirements set forth in this Section 7(n); provided, that if requested by the Agent, the Company shall cause a Comfort Letter to be furnished to the Agent within five (5) Trading Days of such request following the date of occurrence of any restatement of the Companys financial statements. The Comfort Letter from the Companys independent accountants shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, (i) confirming that they are an independent public accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act and the PCAOB, (ii) stating, as of such date, the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial information and other matters ordinarily covered by accountants comfort letters to underwriters in connection with registered public offerings (the first such letter, the Initial Comfort Letter) and (iii) updating the Initial Comfort Letter with any information that would have been included in the Initial Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter. In addition, on or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice given hereunder and within five (5) Trading Days after each subsequent Representation Date, the Company shall cause its Chief Financial Officer to furnish the Agent a certificate of its Chief Financial Officer in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.

o. Market Activities. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of Common Stock or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Stock in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Placement Shares other than the Agent.

p. Investment Company Act. The Company will conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that it will not be or become, at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement, an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act.

q. No Offer to Sell. Other than an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus approved in advance by the Company and the Agent in their capacity as agent hereunder pursuant to Section 23, neither of the Agent nor the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Agent in their capacity as such) will make, use, prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405), required to be filed with the Commission, that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy Placement Shares hereunder.

r. Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company will maintain and keep accurate books and records reflecting its assets and maintain internal accounting controls in a manner designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and including those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of the Companys consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with managements and the Companys directors authorization, and (iv) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain such controls and other procedures, including, without limitation, those required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the applicable regulations thereunder that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to them by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which such periodic reports are being prepared.

23

8. Representations and Covenants of the Agent. The Agent represents and warrants that it is duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange Act and the applicable statutes and regulations of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered and sold, except such states in which the Agent is exempt from registration or such registration is not otherwise required. The Agent shall continue, for the term of this Agreement, to be duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange Act and the applicable statutes and regulations of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered and sold, except such states in which it is exempt from registration or such registration is not otherwise required, during the term of this Agreement. The Agent shall comply with all applicable law and regulations, including but not limited to Regulation M, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the issuance and sale through the Agent of the Placement Shares.

9. Payment of Expenses. The Company will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including (i) the preparation, filing, including any fees required by the Commission, and printing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment and supplement thereto and each Free Writing Prospectus, in such number as the Agent shall deem reasonably necessary, (ii) the printing and delivery to the Agent of this Agreement and such other documents as may be reasonably required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates, if any, for the Placement Shares to the Agent, including any stock or other transfer taxes and any capital duties, stamp duties or other duties or taxes payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares to the Agent, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the counsel, accountants and other advisors to the Company, (v) the fees and disbursements of counsel to the Agent of: (1) up to $50,000 payable upon execution of this Agreement, (2) up to $25,000 in any calendar quarter for any program refresh executed pursuant to this Agreement (which shall mean the filing of a new registration statement, prospectus or prospectus supplement relating to the Placement Shares and/or an amendment of this Agreement) occurring subsequent to the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending March 31, 2025 (the 2025 Form 10-K); provided that the fees and disbursements of counsel to the Agent shall be reduced to up to $10,000 for any refresh executed pursuant to this Agreement that occurs prior to the filing of the 2025 Form 10-K, and (3) up to $5,000 for each calendar quarter for expenses associated with ongoing due diligence; provided no such payment shall be required in any calendar quarter in which amounts pursuant to subsection (v)(2) of this Section 9 have been paid by the Company; (vi) the fees and expenses of the transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock, (vii) the filing fees incident to any review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Placement Shares, and (viii) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Placement Shares on the Exchange.

10. Conditions to the Agents Obligations. The obligations of the Agent hereunder with respect to a Placement will be subject to the continuing accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties made by the Company herein (other than those representations and warranties made as of a specific date or time), to the due performance in all material respects by the Company of its obligations hereunder, to the completion by the Agent of a due diligence review satisfactory to it in its reasonable judgment, and to the continuing reasonable satisfaction (or waiver the Agent in its sole discretion) of the following additional conditions:

a. Registration Statement Effective. The Registration Statement shall have become effective and shall be available for the sale of all Placement Shares contemplated to be issued by any Placement Notice.

24

b. No Material Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the Company of any request for additional information from the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus which have not, as of the time of such Placement, been so made; (ii) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Placement Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; or (iv) the occurrence of any event that makes any material statement made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any material document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and, that in the case of the Prospectus, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, which changes shall not as of the time of such Placement have been so made.

c. No Misstatement or Material Omission. The Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion is material, or omits to state a fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

d. Material Changes. Except as contemplated in the Prospectus, or disclosed in the Companys reports filed with the Commission, there shall not have been any Material Adverse Effect, or any development that would reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect, or a downgrading in or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any of the Companys securities (other than asset backed securities) by any rating organization or a public announcement by any rating organization that it has under surveillance or review its rating of any of the Companys securities (other than asset backed securities), the effect of which, in the case of any such action by a rating organization described above, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent (without relieving the Company of any obligation or liability it may otherwise have), is so material as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectus.

e. Legal Opinions. The Agent shall have received the opinions and negative assurances of Company Counsel and Intellectual Property Counsel required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(m) on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinions are required pursuant to Section 7(m).

f. Comfort Letter. The Agent shall have received the Comfort Letter required to be delivered pursuant Section 7(n) on or before the date on which such delivery of such letter is required pursuant to Section 7(n).

g. Representation Certificate. The Agent shall have received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(l) on or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 7(l).

h. Secretarys Certificate. The Agent shall have received a certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by its corporate Secretary, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel.

25

i. CFO Certificate. The Agent shall have received a certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Financial Officer, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel.

j. No Suspension. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended on the Exchange and the Common Stock shall not have been delisted from the Exchange.

k. Other Materials. On each date on which the Company is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(l), the Company shall have furnished to the Agent such appropriate further information, certificates and documents as the Agent may reasonably request and which are usually and customarily furnished by an issuer of securities in connection with a securities offering of the type contemplated hereby.

l. Securities Act Filings Made. All filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed prior to the issuance of any Placement Notice hereunder shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424.

m. Approval for Listing. The Placement Shares shall either have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to notice of issuance, or the Company shall have filed an application for listing of the Placement Shares on the Exchange at, or prior to, the issuance of any Placement Notice.

n. No Termination Event; Insurance. There shall not have occurred any event that would permit the Agent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 13(a). The Company and its Subsidiaries shall maintain, or caused to be maintained, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is reasonable and customary for the business in which it is engaged.

o. FINRA. The Agent shall have received a letter from the Corporate Financing Department of FINRA confirming that such department has determined to raise no objection with respect to the fairness or reasonableness of the terms and arrangements related to the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

11. Indemnification and Contribution.

a. Company Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, their partners, members, managers, directors, officers, employees and agents and each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act as follows:

(i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any related Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 11(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be delayed or withheld; and

26

(iii) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of counsel), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above, provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or in any related Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agents Information.

b. Indemnification by the Agent. The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who (i) controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or (ii) is controlled by or is under common control with the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 11(a), as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendments thereto) or in any related Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agents Information.

c. Procedure. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 11 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 11, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 11 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 11 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture or material impairment of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal or other expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. Each indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (1) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (2) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (3) a conflict or potential conflict of interest exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (4) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each of which cases the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction at any one time for an indemnified party. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly after the indemnifying party receives a written invoice relating to fees, disbursements and other charges in reasonable detail. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 11 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (1) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (2) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

27

d. Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs of this Section 11 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable from the Company or the Agent, the Company and the Agent will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other than the Agent, such as persons who control the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, officers of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and directors of the Company, who also may be liable for contribution) to which the Company and the Agent may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total Net Proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by the Agent (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Placement Shares on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 11(d) were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense, or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 11(d) shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 11(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 11(c) hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11(d), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 11(d), any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Agent, will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each officer and director of the Company who signed the Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 11(d), will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 11(d) except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 11(c) hereof, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 11(c) hereof.

28

12. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in Section 11 of this Agreement and all representations and warranties of the Company herein or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive, as of their respective dates, regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent, any controlling persons, or the Company (or any of their respective officers, directors or controlling persons), (ii) delivery and acceptance of the Placement Shares and payment therefor or (iii) any termination of this Agreement.

13. Termination.

a. The Agent may terminate this Agreement, by written notice to the Company, as hereinafter specified at any time (1) if there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any Material Adverse Effect, or any development that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent, is material and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Placement Shares, (2) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Placement Shares, (3) if trading in the Common Stock has been suspended or limited by the Commission or the Exchange, or if trading generally on the Exchange has been suspended or limited, or minimum prices for trading have been fixed on the Exchange, (4) if any suspension of trading of any securities of the Company on any exchange or in the over-the-counter market shall have occurred and be continuing, (5) if a major disruption of securities settlements or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred and be continuing, or (6) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal or New York authorities. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution), Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. If the Agent elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 13(a), the Agent shall provide the required notice as specified in Section 14 (Notices).

b. The Company shall have the right, by giving two (2) days written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution), Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

c. The Agent shall have the right, by giving two (2) days written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution), Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

29

d. Unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 13, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the issuance and sale of all of the Placement Shares through the Agent on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein except that the provisions of Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution), Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

e. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 13(a), (b), (c), or (d) above or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties; provided, however, that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed to provide that Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution), Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) shall remain in full force and effect. Upon termination of this Agreement, the Company shall not have any liability to the Agent for any discount, commission or other compensation with respect to any Placement Shares not otherwise sold by the Agent under this Agreement.

f. Any termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided, however, that such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Agent or the Company, as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Shares, such Placement Shares shall settle in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

14. Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing, unless otherwise specified, and if sent to the Agent, shall be delivered to:

Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

640 5th Avenue, 4th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Attention: General Counsel

with a copy to:

Blank Rome LLP

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attention: Leslie Marlow or Patrick Egan

E-mail: leslie.marlow@blankrome.com and patrick.egan@blankrome.com

and if to the Company, shall be delivered to:

Autonomix Medical, Inc.

21 Waterway Avenue, Suite 300

The Woodlands, TX 77380 

Attention: Trent Smith

Chief Financial Officer

Email: tsmith@autonomix.com

30

with a copy to:

ArentFox Schiff LLP

1717 K Street NW

Washington, DC 20006

Attention: Cavas S. Pavri

Email: cavas.pavri@afslaw.com

Each party to this Agreement may change such address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose. Each such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally, by email, or by verifiable facsimile transmission (with an original to follow) on or before 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). For purposes of this Agreement, Business Day shall mean any day on which the Exchange and commercial banks in the City of New York are open for business.

An electronic communication (Electronic Notice) shall be deemed written notice for purposes of this Section 14 if sent to the electronic mail address specified by the receiving party under separate cover. Electronic Notice shall be deemed received at the time the party sending Electronic Notice receives confirmation of receipt by the receiving party. Any party receiving Electronic Notice may request and shall be entitled to receive the notice on paper, in a nonelectronic form (Nonelectronic Notice) which shall be sent to the requesting party within ten (10) days of receipt of the written request for Nonelectronic Notice.

15. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Agent and their respective successors and the affiliates, controlling persons, officers and directors referred to in Section 11 hereof. References to any of the parties contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of such party. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party.

16. Adjustments for Stock Splits. The parties acknowledge and agree that all share- related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any share consolidation, stock split, stock dividend, corporate domestication or similar event effected with respect to the Placement Shares.

17. Entire Agreement; Amendment; Severability. This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits attached hereto and Placement Notices issued pursuant hereto) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof; provided that the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the Agent dated November 22, 2024 remains in effect. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended except pursuant to a written instrument executed by the Company and the Agent. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable as written by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such provision shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent that it is valid, legal and enforceable, and the remainder of the terms and provisions herein shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable term or provision was not contained herein, but only to the extent that giving effect to such provision and the remainder of the terms and provisions hereof shall be in accordance with the intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement.

31

18. GOVERNING LAW AND TIME; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

19. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT, THAT SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM OR THAT THE VENUE OF SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF (CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED) TO SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW.

20. Use of Information. The Agent may not use any information gained in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including due diligence, to advise any party with respect to transactions not expressly approved by the Company.

21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be made by facsimile transmission.

22. Effect of Headings. The section and Exhibit headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

23. Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.

The Company represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and the Agent represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Placement Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Agent or by the Company, as the case may be, is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents and warrants that it has treated and agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. For the purposes of clarity, the parties hereto agree that all free writing prospectuses, if any, listed in Exhibit 23 hereto are Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.

32

24. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that:

a. The Agent is acting solely as agent in connection with the public offering of the Placement Shares and in connection with each transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the process leading to such transactions, and no fiduciary or advisory relationship between the Company or any of its affiliates, stockholders (or other equity holders), creditors or employees or any other party, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, has been or will be created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether or not the Agent has advised or is advising the Company on other matters, and the Agent has no obligation to the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement;

b. It is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

c. No Agent has provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and it has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate;

d. It is aware that the Agent and its respective affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of the Company and the Agent has no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship or otherwise; and

e. It waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Agent for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the sale of Placement Shares under this Agreement and agrees that the Agent shall not have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to it in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on its behalf or in right of it or the Company, employees or creditors of Company, other than in respect of the Agents obligations under this Agreement and to keep information provided by the Company to the Agent and its counsel confidential to the extent not otherwise publicly-available.

25. Definitions.

As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below:

Agents Information the parties acknowledge that no information was provided by or on behalf of the Agent, except for the information in the eighth paragraph under the Plan of Distribution section of the Prospectus Supplement.

Applicable Time means (i) each Representation Date and (ii) the time of each sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, relating to the Placement Shares that (1) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (2) is a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (3) is exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Placement Shares or of the offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g) under the Securities Act.

33

Lien means a lien, charge, pledge, securities interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Incorporated Document or the Agreement, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Incorporated Document or the Agreement.

Rule 172, Rule 405, Rule 415, Rule 424, Rule 424(b), Rule 430B, and Rule 433 refer to such rules under the Securities Act.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained, included or stated in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information that is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be.

All references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; all references in this Agreement to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (other than any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses that, pursuant to Rule 433, are not required to be filed with the Commission) shall be deemed to include the copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; and all references in this Agreement to supplements to the Prospectus shall include, without limitation, any supplements, wrappers or similar materials prepared in connection with any offering, sale or private placement of any Placement Shares by the Agent outside of the United States.

[Remainder of the page intentionally left blank]

34

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Company and the Agent, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between the Company and the Agent.

Very truly yours, 

AUTONOMIX MEDICAL, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Brad Hauser 

Name: Brad Hauser 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED as of the date first-above 

written: 

LADENBURG THALMANN & CO. INC. 

By: 

/s/ Nicholas Stergis 

Name: Nicholas Stergis 

Title: Managing Director Investment Banking 

35

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF PLACEMENT NOTICE

From: Autonomix Medical, Inc.

To: []

Attention: []

Subject: At Market Issuance--Placement Notice

Date: , 20

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement between Autonomix Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. (the Agent), dated February 28, 2025, the Company hereby requests that the Agent sell up to [] shares of the Companys Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, at a minimum market price of $[] per share, during the time period beginning [month, day, time] and ending [month, day, time].

SCHEDULE 2

Notice Parties

Autonomix Medical, Inc (The Company):

Brad Hauser

Trent Smith

Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. (The Agent):

ATM@ladenburg.com

SCHEDULE 3

Compensation

The Company shall pay to the Agent in cash, upon each sale of Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement, an amount equal to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from each sale of Placement Shares.

EXHIBIT 7(l)

Form of Representation Date Certificate

____________, 20__

This Representation Date Certificate (this Certificate) is executed and delivered in connection with Section 7(l) of the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Agreement), dated February 28, 2025, and entered into between Autonomix Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. (the Agent). All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement.

The Company hereby certifies as follows:

1. As of the date of this Certificate (i) the Registration Statement does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading and (ii) neither the Registration Statement nor the Prospectus contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (iii) no event has occurred as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein not untrue or misleading for this paragraph 1 to be true.

2. Each of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Agreement were, when originally made, and are, as of the date of this Certificate, true and correct in all material respects.

3. Each of the covenants required to be performed by the Company in the Agreement on or prior to the date of the Agreement, this Representation Date, and each such other date prior to the date hereof as set forth in the Agreement, has been duly, timely and fully performed in all material respects and each condition required to be complied with by the Company on or prior to the date of the Agreement, this Representation Date, and each such other date prior to the date hereof as set forth in the Agreement has been duly, timely and fully complied with in all material respects.

4. Subsequent to the date of the most recent financial statements in the Prospectus, and except as described in the Prospectus, including the Incorporated Documents, there has been no Material Adverse Effect.

5. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any part thereof has been issued, and to the Companys knowledge, no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or threatened by any securities or other governmental authority (including, without limitation, the Commission).

6. No order suspending the qualification or registration of the Placement Shares under the securities or Blue Sky laws of any jurisdiction are in effect and no proceeding for such purpose is pending before, or threatened, to the Companys knowledge or in writing by, any securities or other governmental authority (including, without limitation, the Commission).

The undersigned has executed this Representation Date Certificate as of the date first written above.

AUTONOMIX MEDICAL, INC. 

By: 

Name: Brad Hauser 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT 23

Permitted Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_781663.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.1
<TEXT>
ex_781663.htm

Exhibit 23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-279894) of Autonomix Medical, Inc. of our report dated May 31, 2024, except for Note 6(a) and Note 8(a) as to which the date is November 12, 2024, with respect to the financial statements of Autonomix Medical, Inc., which is included in this Current Report on Form 8-K for the year ended March 31, 2024. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph describing conditions that raise substantial doubt about Autonomix Medical, Inc.'s ability to continue as a going concern as described Note 1 to the financial statements.

/s/ Forvis Mazars, LLP

Atlanta, Georgia

February 28, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_781664.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
ex_781664.htm

Exhibit 99.1

PART II

Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations.

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under "Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements."Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed and other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to those discussed in this Item and in Item 1A - "Risk Factors.". Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Overview

We are a development stage medical device development company focused on advancing innovative technologies for sensing and treating disorders relating to the nervous system. Our first-in-class technology platform includes a catheter-based microchip-enabled sensing array that can detect and differentiate neural signals with a high degree of sensitivity as demonstrated in animal studies. We calculate sensitivity in units of minimum signal detection voltage in micro volts (uV) time area of the electrode (square millimeters). It is a combined measure that is related to the signal resolving power and spatial resolution of the system. For the BSC Orion, the nearest device on the market, the metrics are 10uV for signal detection levels, and roughly 0.4mm by 0.5mm for the electrode dimensions. For the Autonomix device, the metrics are <1uV for signal detection levels and roughly 0.02mm by 0.03mm for the electrode dimensions. The differences in these metrics result in a calculation of 3,000 times greater sensitivity for the Autonomix device. We believe, if we can recreate these results in clinical trials, this will enable a method of transvascular targeting, treating, and confirming treatment of diseases involving the nervous system throughout the body that is not currently available and may be capable of filling a wide range of unmet medical needs.

We are initially developing our technology for patients with pancreatic cancer, a condition that can cause debilitating pain and need a more effective solution. However, we believe our technology constitutes a platform with the potential to address dozens of indications in a range of areas including chronic pain management from all causes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and a wide range of other nerve-related disorders.

Our development efforts can be divided into to two sub parts: sensing and treatment, where sensing is focused on identifying neuronal activity that may be associated with a disorder with enough precision to enable targeted therapy with ablation. While the treatment may vary depending on the disorder, in our initial indications this will involve energy-based ablation (deliberate tissue damage, also referred to as denervation) intended to stop unwanted neuronal activity.

Our sensing catheter has already been developed sufficiently to demonstrate in animal models successful identification of a signal from a specific nerve before ablation and confirmation of termination of the signal from the treated nerve after ablation. We are now in the process of improving the assembly of this catheter to meet the standards required for human use and developing an RF ablation catheter designed specifically for treatment in the vessels of the pancreatic region. In parallel with this effort, we are currently conducting a first-in-human demonstration of transvascular ablation (without the use of our sensing technology) to relieve pain associated with pancreatic cancer. Once these two efforts are completed, we plan to bring sensing and treatment together in a pivotal clinical trial to enable the regulatory clearance and commercial launch of our technology. As stated above, we are a development stage company and there is no guarantee that the results of any trials will produce positive results or that the results will support our claims.

1

Recent Developments

On November 1, 2024, we received notice from the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation ("DTCC") on behalf of the brokerage firms that hold the shares of our common stock held in street name, that in connection with the foregoing rounding of shares we would need to issue 271,846 shares of common stock. Prior to our required announcement regarding the Reverse Stock Split on October 22, 2024, we estimate there were approximately 4,800 shareholders of record. We do not believe the number of shares being requested is correct based on the historical number of shareholders of our common stock and are aware of similar occurrences in recent months for other companies completing a Reverse Stock Split. As such, we have begun an inquiry into the calculations set forth in the request. During the pendency of this inquiry, we do not intend to issue any shares in connection with the fractional shares being requested.

We held our annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") on October 17, 2024, in that Annual Meeting, among other items, our stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the "Amendment) to effect the reverse stock split at a ratio in the range of 1-for-2 to 1-for-50, with such ratio to be determined in the discretion of our board of directors and with such reverse stock split to be effected at such time and date, if at all, as determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion prior to the one-year anniversary of the Annual Meeting.

Pursuant to such authority granted by our stockholders, our board of directors approved a one-for-twenty (1:20) reverse stock split (the "Reverse Stock Split) of our common stock and the filing of the Amendment to effectuate the Reverse Stock Split. The Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and the Reverse Stock Split became effective in accordance with the terms of the Amendment at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on October 24, 2024 (the "Effective Time), and our common stock opened for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on October 25, 2024 on a post-split basis, under the existing ticker symbol "AMIX but with a new CUSIP number 05330T205. The Amendment provides that, at the Effective Time, every twenty shares of our issued and outstanding common stock will automatically be combined into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in par value per share, which will remain $0.001.

On January 26, 2024, we consummated our IPO. In the IPO, we sold a total of 111,962 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $100.00 per share for gross proceeds of $11.2 million and net proceeds of $9.8 million. On May 13, 2024, we cancelled 53 shares represented in the IPO for payment disputes. In connection with the closing of the IPO, a portion of our convertible notes were converted into 16,750 shares of our common stock. Upon the closing of the IPO, certain notes were to be automatically converted according to their terms into our common stock to the extent and provided that certain holders of these notes are not permitted to convert such notes to the extent that the holders or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of our common stock after such conversion. Due to this 4.99% limitation, principal representing $1.3 million, or 33,250 shares, of these notes remains outstanding.

On January 26, 2024, as part of our IPO, we issued a warrant to purchase 2,989 shares pursuant to the agreement with the selling agent in our IPO. These warrants equaled approximately 2.675% of the 111,962 shares sold in our IPO.

On January 29, 2024, we issued a warrant to purchase 80,000 shares (the Warrant) pursuant to the Termination Agreement noted in Note 6 Related Party Transactions. The shares underlying the Warrant are subject to a lockup agreement for a period of six months after the closing of the IPO with respect to 12.5% of the shares issued and twelve months after the closing of the IPO for the remainder of the shares. In connection with the Termination Agreement, the Company agreed to register the resale of the shares of common stock underlying the Warrant.

2

Results of Operations for the Year EndedMarch 31, 2024 Compared to the Year Ended March 31, 2023

Below is a summary of the results of operations (in thousands):

Year Ended March 31, 

Change 

Change 

2024 

2023 

( $ ) 

( % ) 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative $ 5,249 $ 1,245 $ 4,004 322 %

Research and development 2,225 745 1,480 199 %

Warrant expense - termination agreement 4,556 4,556 

Total operating expenses $ 12,030 $ 1,990 $ 10,040 505 %

General and Administrative (G&A). G&A expenses increased by $4.0 million compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in advertising of $1.7 million related to our IPO, officer and employee compensation and benefits of $0.7 million, stock-based compensation of $0.6 million, professional fees of $0.6 million, legal fees of $0.2 million, insurance expense of $0.1 million and travel expense of $0.1 million.

Research and Development (R&D). R&D expenses increased by $1.5 million compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to clinical trial execution and product development cost. We expect to incur increased research and development costs in the future as we continue our clinical trial and product development efforts.

Warrant expense termination agreement 

We had warrant expense of $4.6 million related to a license termination agreement. See Note 2 - Warrant Liability and Fair Value of Financial Instruments to the financial statements for additional information. Warrant Expense termination agreement was $0 during the same period in 2023 as there was no comparable instrument.

Warrant liability mark-to-market

We had expense for mark-to-market adjustments of warrants of $3.4 million. Warrant Liability - mark-to market adjustment was $0 during the same period in 2023 as there was no comparable instrument.

Interest expense

We had interest expense of less than $0.1 million, related to the amortization of debt discounts. Interest expense was $0 during the same period in 2023 as there was no comparable instrument.

Interest income

We had interest income of $0.1 million. Interest income for the same period in 2023 was $0.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

On March 31, 2024, we had cash and working capital of $8.6 million. We have historically funded our operations from proceeds from debt and equity sales. In June 2023, we completed a financing with several accredited investors for the sale of 71,001 shares of common stock with gross proceeds of $2.8 million. Additionally, the Company received proceeds of $2.0 million in unsecured, non-interest bearing convertible promissory notes (the Notes) and accompanying warrants (the Bridge Financing Warrants) (collectively, the Bridge Offering) that will mature on December 31, 2025. On January 26, 2024, we completed our IPO of common stock. In the IPO, we sold a total of 111,962 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $100.00 per share for gross proceeds of $11.2 million and net proceeds of $9.8 million. On May 13, 2024, we cancelled 53 shares represented in the IPO for payment disputes. We estimate our current cash resources are sufficient to fund our operations into but not beyond the first calendar quarter of 2025.

Our plan of operations is primarily focused on developing our product candidate, with the product candidate in the proof-of-concept stage at this time. We are initially focusing on the treatment of pain associated with pancreatic cancer and we have designed our commercialization efforts around this as our first proposed indication for use.

We will need to raise additional capital to meet our obligations and execute our business plan. We estimate that we will require additional financing of approximately $40 million to fund our operations through clinical phase. The timing and costs of clinical trials are difficult to predict and trial plans may change in response to evolving circumstances and as such the foregoing estimates may prove to be inaccurate. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will be required to develop and implement an alternative plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead or scale back our business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful. The Company recognizes it will need to raise additional capital to continue to execute its business plan, including obtaining regulatory clearance for its products currently under development and commercializing and generating revenues from products under development. There is no assurance that additional financing will be available when needed or that management will be able to obtain financing on terms acceptable to the Company. A failure to raise sufficient capital, generate sufficient product revenues, control expenditures and regulatory matters, among other factors, will adversely impact the Companys ability to meet its financial obligations as they become due and payable and to achieve its intended business objectives. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to scale back its operations.

3

Summary of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023

Cash used in operating activities

Net cash used in operating activities was $6.6 million during the year ended March 31, 2024, consisting of a net loss of $15.4 million and a change in operating assets and liabilities of $0.1 million. The change in operating assets and liabilities included sources of cash from an increase in accounts payable of $0.3 million and accrued expenses of $0.3 million offset by a use of cash for other current assets of $0.5 million. The increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses were driven primarily by increased research and development costs for the development of our medical devices, general and administrative costs consisting of professional fees, officer compensation and legal expenses. The increase in other current assets was driven primarily by prepaid insurance costs. Non-cash items consisted of $4.6 million for warrant expense termination agreement, $3.4 million for warrant liability mark-to-market adjustment, stock-based compensation of $0.6 million and depreciation and amortization of $0.1 million.

Net cash used in operating activities was $1.9 million during the year ended March 31, 2023, consisting of a net loss of $2.0 million and an increase in operating assets and liabilities of $0.1 million, which primarily consisted of an increase in accounts payable.

Cash used in investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities was $19 thousand for the year ended March 31, 2024, related to the purchase of computer hardware and software.

Net cash used in investing activities was $0 for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Cash provided by financing activities

Net cash provided by financing activities was $14.4 million for the year ended March 31, 2024 consisting of $10.9 million of gross proceeds from the sale of common stock related to our IPO, $2.8 million from the sale of common stock and $2.0 million of cash proceeds from convertible notes. We also paid $1.3 million in issuance costs related to our IPO.

Net cash provided by financing activities was $0.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2023, comprised of $0.7 million from the sale of common stock.

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

None.

Employment Arrangements

We have agreements with key employees to provide certain benefits, including salary and other wage-related benefits, in the event of termination. In addition, we have adopted a severance policy for certain key members of executive management to provide certain benefits, including salary and other wage-related benefits, in the event of termination without cause. In total, these benefits would amount to $0.8 million using the rate of compensation in effect at March 31, 2024.

4

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements

As March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The financial statements in this prospectus have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes thereto. We consider critical accounting policies to be those that require more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our financial statements, including the following: research and development expenses, warrants, and stock-based compensation. Management relies on historical experience and other assumptions believed to be reasonable in making its judgments and estimates. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

Management believes its application of accounting policies, and the estimates inherently required therein, are reasonable. These accounting policies and estimates are periodically reevaluated, and adjustments are made when facts and circumstances dictate a change.

Our accounting policies are more fully described under the heading Description of the Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Note 1 to our Financial Statements included in this prospectus.

We believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.

Components of our Results of Operations and Financial Condition

Operating expenses

We classify our operating expenses into three categories: (i) research and development, (ii) general and administrative and (iii) warrant expense termination agreement.

Research and development.

Research and development expenses consist primarily of:

costs incurred to conduct research, such as animal research;

costs related to the design and development of our technology, including fees paid to contract engineering firms and contract manufacturers;

salaries and expenses, including stock-based compensation, related to our employees primarily engaged in research and development activities;

fees paid to clinical consultants, clinical trial sites and vendors, including clinical research organizations, in preparation for clinical trials and our applications with the FDA;

costs to develop our intellectual property; and

costs related to compliance with regulatory requirements.

5

We expect our research and development expenses to increase in the future as we advance our product into and through clinical trials, pursue additional regulatory approvals of our product in the United States, and continue commercial development of our device(s). The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming. The probability of success for our technology may be affected by a variety of factors including: the quality of our product, early clinical data, investment in our clinical program, competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. We may not succeed in achieving all necessary regulatory approvals for our product candidates. As a result of the uncertainties discussed above, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development process or when and to what extent, if any, we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of our device.

General and administrative

General and administrative expenses consist of personnel related costs, which include salaries, as well as the costs of professional services, such as accounting and legal, facilities, information technology, stock-based compensation for general and administrative personnel, insurance, travel costs and other administrative expenses and costs to defend our patents. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase due to the IPO, the anticipated growth of our business and related infrastructure, as well as accounting, insurance, investor relations and other costs associated with being a public company.

Advertising

It is our policy to expense advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expenses are included within general and administrative expenses within the statement of operations. For the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded $1.7 million and $0.1 million, respectively.

Stock-based compensation

Stock-based compensation transactions are recognized as compensation expense in the statements of operations based on their fair values on the date of the grant. The expense for equity awards expected to vest is recognized over the applicable vesting period of the stock award using either the straight-line method or the accelerated method, depending on the vesting structure, and is included in general and administrative. We estimate the fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. This estimate uses assumptions regarding a number of inputs that require us to make significant estimates and judgments. The expected volatility assumption was based on industry peer information.

Accounting for Warrants

We issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock (i) in connection with the Bridge Offering, (ii) as part of selling agent compensation in 2024, and (iii) in connection with the Exclusive License Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement). We accounted for such warrants in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480-10, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC Topic 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity. Based on this guidance, we determined that warrants issued in connection with the Termination Agreement should be accounted for as a liability and the remaining warrants issued meet the requirements for equity classification. Liability classified warrants are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date, while equity classified warrants are valued at inception only.

Bridge Financing Warrants

The fair value of the Bridge Financing Warrants is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model with probability-weighted expected return method ("PWERM") based on the probabilities of different potential outcomes for the Notes issued with the Bridge Financing Warrants. The outcomes considered included (i) qualified financing as part of our planned IPO at various points in time and (ii) repayment in cash at maturity. Any increase in the amount of time expected until a qualified financing event and/or a reduction in the likelihood of a qualified financing event occurring during the term of the Notes would likely increase the fair value of the warrant, while the inverse of each scenario would have the opposite effect. The significant judgments and assumptions to the Monte Carlo simulation include the Companys stock price, volatility based on a selection of publicly held peer companies, discount rate, and a discount for lack of marketability.

6

Common Stock Fair Value The fair value of our common stock price was determined through a back solve, solving for the stock price that results in the average total value of the Notes and the warrants being equal to the cash proceeds received in the transaction it was issued at across one million iterations of the simulation.

Historical Volatility We determine the expected volatility by weighing the historical average volatilities of publicly traded industry peers. Our intention is to consistently apply this methodology using the same or similar public companies until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our common stock becomes available. We will monitor our peer group for circumstances that may require a change to the composition or make-up of the entities and will identify if/when more suitable companies whose stock prices are publicly available would be utilized in the calculation.

Discount Rate - The rate is chosen based on private equity rates of return as described in the AICPA Practice Aid on Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity securities Issued as Compensation, choosing the rate at the lower end of the range.

Credit Rating Our credit rating impacts the identification and calculation of the discount rate.

Discount for lack of marketability Subsequent to the IPO, any shares issued pursuant to an exercise of the Bridge Financing Warrants, would be subject to a six-month lock-up. Consistent with AICPAs Accounting and Valuation Guide: Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, the Finnerty model was used to estimate the discount for lack of marketability.

The fair value of the Notes and Bridge Financing Warrants is calculated such that they will combine to equal the cash purchase price of the Bridge Offering. Any changes in these assumptions will impact how the transaction price from the Bridge Offering is distributed between the Notes and the Bridge Financing Warrants.

Termination Agreement Warrants

The fair value of the Termination Agreement Warrants is estimated using a discounted cash flow model under various scenarios and used the probability-weighted expected return method (PWERM) comparing the probabilities of different outcomes. The outcomes considered included (i) qualified financing as part of our planned IPO at various points in time and (ii) possibility of default whereby the investor receives nothing. Any increase in the amount of time expected until a qualified financing event and/or a reduction in the likelihood of a qualified financing event occurring during the term of the warrant would decrease the fair value of the warrant, while the inverse of each scenario would have the opposite effect.

Additional significant assumptions and judgments used in preparing the discounted cash flow model include:

Discount Rate - The rate is chosen based on private equity rates of return as described in the AICPA Practice Aid on Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, choosing the rate at the lower end of the range.

Credit Rating Our credit rating impacts the identification and calculation of the discount rate.

Any ongoing improvements in our credit rating would have the effect of driving down the discount rate used in the periodic re-measurement of the Termination Agreement warrants. Reductions in the Companys discount rate would increase the fair value of the Termination Agreement warrants, while an increase in this factor will have an opposite effect.

Other Warrants

The fair value of equity-based warrants issued is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The significant judgments and assumptions used in applying the Black-Scholes option pricing model include the underlying common stock at the measurement dates, the expected term, expected dividend yield and historical volatility of comparable companies stock. 

7

Common Stock Fair Value Prior to our IPO, we periodically sold shares of our common stock for cash in an arms-length transaction. We consider these transactions as indicative of the fair value of our common stock when applying the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Subsequent to our IPO, we base the value of our shares on observable share data.

Expected Term The estimate of the expected term of awards was determined in accordance with the contractual term of the arrangement.

Expected Dividend Yield We have not declared or paid any cash dividends and do not presently intend to pay any in the foreseeable future. We have no plans or expectations that this assumption will change in the foreseeable future.

Historical Volatility We determine the expected volatility by weighing the historical average volatilities of publicly traded industry peers. Our intention is to consistently apply this methodology using the same or similar public companies until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our common stock becomes available. We will monitor our peer group for circumstances that may require a change to the composition or make-up of the entities and will identify if/when more suitable companies whose stock prices are publicly available would be utilized in the calculation.

A decrease in volatility and expected term will decrease the estimated fair value of the warrant, while an increase in these factors will have an opposite effect.

8

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

AUTONOMIX MEDICAL, INC.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Index to Financial Statements

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 10

Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2024 and 2023 11

Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 12

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 13

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 14

Notes to Financial Statements 15

9

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee

Autonomix Medical, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Autonomix Medical, Inc. (the Company) as of March 31, 2024 and 2023, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit since inception, has not generated revenue from operations, and does not expect to experience positive cash flows from operating activities in the near term. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Managements plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statements based on our audits.

We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Forvis Mazars, LLP

We have served as the Companys auditor since 2022.

Atlanta, Georgia

May 31, 2024, except for Note 6(a) and Note 8(a) as to which the date is November 12, 2024.

10

Autonomix Medical, Inc.

Balance Sheets

(in thousands, except par value and share data) 

As of 

March 31, 

2024 

2023 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash $ 8,608 $ 865 

Other current assets 783 

Total current assets 9,391 865 

Long-term assets: 

Fixed assets, net 16 

Total long-term assets 16 

Total Assets $ 9,407 $ 865 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 492 $ 173 

Accrued expenses 285 48 

Total current liabilities 777 221 

Long-term liabilities: 

Long term debt - convertible notes, net of unamortized debt discount 1,002 

Total long-term liabilities 1,002 

Total Liabilities $ 1,779 $ 221 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized as of March 31, 2024, no shares issued and outstanding, and 7,100,000 shares authorized as of March 31, 2023, no shares issued and outstanding $ $ 

Common stock, $0.001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized as of March 31, 2024, 942,575 shares issued and outstanding, and 25,000,000 shares authorized as of March 31, 2023, 616,839 shares issued and outstanding 1 1 

Additional paid-in capital 46,596 24,186 

Accumulated deficit (38,969 ) (23,543 )

Total Stockholders' Equity 7,628 644 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $ 9,407 $ 865 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements

11

Autonomix Medical, Inc.

Statements of Operations

For the Years Ended 

March 31, 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

2024 

2023 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative $ 5,249 $ 1,245 

Research and development 2,225 745 

Warrant expense - termination agreement 4,556 

Total operating expenses 12,030 1,990 

Loss from operations (12,030 ) (1,990 )

Other (expense) income: 

Warrant liability - mark-to-market (3,444 ) 

Interest expense (79 ) 

Interest income 127 

Total other expense (3,396 ) 

Loss before income taxes (15,426 ) (1,990 )

Income taxes 

Net loss $ (15,426 ) $ (1,990 )

Loss per share - basic and diluted $ (21.09 ) $ (3.31 )

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 731,372 601,166 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements

12

Autonomix Medical, Inc.

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity

Additional 

Total 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Stockholders' 

(in thousands) 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance March 31, 2022 $ 600 $ 1 $ 23,511 $ (21,553 ) $ 1,959 

Net loss (1,990 ) (1,990 )

Issuance of common stock 17 675 675 

Balance March 31, 2023 617 1 24,186 (23,543 ) 644 

Net loss (15,426 ) (15,426 )

Stock-based compensation 618 618 

Issuance of common stock 71 2,840 2,840 

Issuance of common stock from IPO, net of costs 112 9,875 9,875 

Issuance of common stock for extinguishment of convertible debt 17 500 500 

Issuance of common stock - warrants exercised 125 

Issuance of restricted common stock 1 

Warrants issued for debt issuance costs 577 577 

Fair value of warrants issued - termination agreement 8,000 8,000 

Balance March 31, 2024 $ 943 $ 1 $ 46,596 $ (38,969 ) $ 7,628 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements

13

Autonomix Medical, Inc.

Statements of Cash Flows

For the Years Ended March 31, 

(in thousands) 

2024 

2023 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss $ (15,426 ) $ (1,990 )

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 618 

Depreciation and amortization expense 81 

Warrant expense - termination agreement 4,556 

Warrant liability - mark-to-market 3,444 

Changes in operating assets - (increase)/decrease: 

Other current assets (478 ) 9 

Changes in operating liabilities - increase: 

Accounts payable 320 81 

Accrued expenses 237 46 

Net cash used in operating activities (6,648 ) (1,854 )

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment (19 ) 

Net cash used in investing activities (19 ) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities (increase/decrease): 

Issuance of common stock 2,840 675 

Issuance of convertible debt 2,000 

Issuance of common stock from IPO 10,866 

IPO issuance costs (1,296 ) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 14,410 675 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 7,743 (1,179 )

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period 865 2,044 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period $ 8,608 $ 865 

Supplemental cash flow disclosures: 

Non-cash financing activities: 

Warrants issued for debt issuance costs $ 577 $ 

Proceeds from cashless exercise of warrants $ 2 $ 

Fair value of warrants issued for issuance costs as part of IPO $ 225 $ 

Holdback of IPO proceeds $ 305 $ 

Convertible notes converted into common stock $ 670 $ 

Settlement/conversion to common shares for debt issuance costs $ (170 ) $ 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements

14

Autonomix Medical, Inc.

Notes to the Financial Statements

Note 1 Description of the Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Description of the Business

Autonomix Medical, Inc (we, our, the Company) is a medical device company organized as a Delaware corporation on June 10, 2014. The Company is a pre-revenue, clinical stage life sciences company focused on advancing innovative technologies for sensing and treating disorders relating to the peripheral nervous system.

Liquidity and Going Concern

The Company's financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company is an early-stage company that is subject to all the risks associated with early-stage and emerging growth companies and has incurred losses since inception. For the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company has net losses of approximately $15.4 million and $2.0 million, respectively and had net cash flows used in operating activities of $6.6 million and $1.9 million, respectively. The Company had no revenues for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, accumulated deficit of $39.0 million and working capital of approximately $8.6 million as of March 31, 2024. The Company does not expect to generate positive cash flows from operating activities in the near future. These conditions, and the Company's ability to comply with such conditions, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis and do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

On January 26, 2024, the Company completed its initial public offering (IPO) of common stock. During the IPO, the Company sold a total of approximately 111,962 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $100.00 per share for gross proceeds of $11.2 million and net proceeds of $9.8 million. On May 13, 2024, the Company cancelled 53 shares represented in the IPO due to payment disputes. As part of the IPO closing, $0.3 million was retained by the Companys marketing partner as a holdback to be paid 90 days after the IPO. This $0.3 million was recorded in other current assets on the Company's balance sheet. In connection with the closing of the IPO, a portion of the Companys convertible notes were converted into 16,750 shares of the Companys common stock. Upon the closing of the IPO, certain notes were to be automatically converted according to their terms into the Companys common stock to the extent and provided that certain holders of these notes are not permitted to convert such notes to the extent that the holders or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the Companys common stock after such conversion. Due to this 4.99% limitation, principal representing $1.3 million, or 33,250 shares, of these convertible notes remained outstanding. The Company's existing cash resources, unexercised warrants and the cash received from the IPO are not expected to provide sufficient funds to carry out the Company's operations and clinical trials through the next twelve months. 

The Company paid a cash commission of 7.0% to the selling agent on sales of the shares of common stock in the IPO. In addition, the Company has issued the selling agent warrants to purchase up to a total number of shares of common stock equal to 2.675% of the total number of shares sold in the IPO at an exercise price equal to 125% of the public offering price of the shares sold in the IPO. The selling agent warrants will be exercisable at any time, and from time to time, in whole or in part, commencing from the date that is six months after the commencement date of sales in the IPO and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the commencement date of sales in the IPO. The selling agent warrants will have a cashless exercise provision and will provide for registration rights with respect to the registration of the shares underlying the warrants.

The Company estimates its current cash resources, including the approximately $9.8 million of net proceeds from the IPO is sufficient to fund its operations into but not beyond the first calendar quarter of 2025. The Company recognizes it will need to raise additional capital to continue to execute its business plan, including obtaining regulatory clearance for its products currently under development and commercializing and generating revenues from products under development. There is no assurance that additional financing will be available when needed or that management will be able to obtain financing on terms acceptable to the Company. A failure to raise sufficient capital, generate sufficient product revenues, control expenditures and regulatory matters, among other factors, will adversely impact the Companys ability to meet its financial obligations as they become due and payable and to achieve its intended business objectives. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to scale back its operations.

15

Basis of Presentation

The annual financial statements and disclosures have been prepared using the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).

Use of Estimates in Financial Statement Presentation

The preparation of these financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. The Company's significant estimates and assumptions include the valuation of equity related instruments, and initial and recurring fair value measurements for the warrant liability. Although the Company believes that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable, they are based upon information available at the time the estimates and assumptions were made. Some of these judgments can be subjective and complex, and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid accounts with original maturities of three months or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents. Periodically, the Company may carry cash balances at financial institutions in excess of the federally insured limit of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes, based upon the quality of the financial institutions, that the credit risk with regard to these deposits is not significant.

Offering Costs

Offering costs consist of professional costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are direct and incremental related to the Companys anticipated IPO. These costs, together with the selling agent fees, were reclassified to additional paid-in capital upon completion of the Companys IPO on January 26, 2024. Costs associated with salaries and other period costs were expensed as incurred.

During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company paid $1.3 million of offering costs related to its IPO.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at historical cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, generally three years. Upon disposition of the assets, the costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations.

Convertible Notes

The Company evaluates embedded redemption, conversion and other features within its debt to determine whether any embedded features should be bifurcated from the host instrument and accounted for as a derivative at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in the statement of operations.

The Companys debt is carried on the balance sheet on a historical cost basis net of unamortized discounts and premiums because the Company has not elected the fair value option of accounting. Costs associated with acquiring debt, including detachable warrants issued in connection with the financing, are capitalized as a debt discount. The debt discount is presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability. The costs are amortized over the estimated contractual life of the related debt instrument using the effective interest method and are included in interest expense in the statement of operations.

16

If the Company incurs costs associated with its convertible notes, in advance of the receipt of proceeds, the Company will record a deferred asset. Upon receipt of proceeds the Company will reclassify the deferred asset as a direct deduction from the carrying amount, as described above. In addition, since the instruments included a substantive conversion feature as of time of issuance, the issuance of equity securities were accounted for as a contractual conversion with no gain or loss recognized related to the equity securities issued to settle the instrument. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Company utilizes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurements, defined as follows:

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value and require significant judgment and estimation.

The carrying value of short-term instruments, including cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses and convertible notes included in long-term debt, approximate fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.

Related Parties

The Company follows ASC 850, Related Party Disclosures, for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. See further discussion in the Notes below on this matter.

Income Taxes

The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax basis of reported assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company must then assess the likelihood that the resulting deferred tax assets will be realized. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. As of March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 the Company determined a full valuation allowance was required to offset its deferred tax assets as a result of recurring operating losses.

The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740-10 which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial statement disclosure of tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, on its tax return. The Company evaluates and records any uncertain tax positions based on the amount that management deems is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination and ultimate settlement with the tax authorities in the tax jurisdictions in which it operates. As of March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 the Company had no uncertain tax positions.

Stock-based Compensation

Employee share-based compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period. For awards with a performance condition, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period if it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied. For awards to non-employees, the Company recognizes compensation expense in the same manner as if the Company had paid cash for the goods or services. The Company estimates the fair value of options and equity classified warrants granted using an options pricing model. Expense is recognized within general and administrative and research and development expenses and forfeitures are recognized as they are incurred.

17

Warrants

The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrants specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480) and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Companys own ordinary shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Companys control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding.

For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The fair value of the warrants is estimated using a Black-Scholes pricing model or a Monte Carlo simulation.

The Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock (i) in connection with the Bridge Offering, (ii) as part of selling agent compensation in 2024, and (iii) in connection with the Exclusive License Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement). Based on the guidance noted above, we determined that warrants issued in connection with the Termination Agreement should be accounted for as a liability and the remaining warrants issued meet the requirements for equity classification. Liability classified warrants are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date, while equity classified warrants are valued at inception only. As discussed in Note 2, the liability warrants subsequently met equity classification.

Loss Per Common Share

Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per common share is determined using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents. In periods when losses are reported, the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding excludes common stock equivalents, because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Generally, the Companys outstanding warrants are non-participating securities as they are not entitled to non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents during the vesting term and have no obligation to fund losses. The dilutive effect of convertible securities is calculated using the if-converted method. Under the if-converted method, securities are assumed to be converted at the beginning of the period, and the resulting common shares are included in the denominator of the diluted calculation for the entire period being presented. However, the warrants described in Note 2 are participating securities as they receive a right to dividends, but they are not obligated to fund losses. In periods of loss, since no income is allocated to these securities, the Company's use of the treasury stock method derives the same result.

18

For the twelve months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, dilutive securities that were not included in the calculations of the loss per common share because they would be anti-dilutive included the following:

March 31, 

2024 

2023 

Equity based warrants to purchase common shares 287,231 328,501 

Convertible Notes - common shares (1) 33,250 

Convertible Notes - equity-based warrants to purchase common shares 25,003 

Stock options granted under Company's incentive plan 100,180 

Total potentially dilutive securities 445,664 328,501 

(1) 

Shares relating to the conversion of the convertible notes as of March 31, 2024

Research and Development Costs

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

Advertising

It is our policy to expense advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expenses are included within general and administrative expenses within the statement of operations. For the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded $1.7 million and $0.1 million, respectively.

Fair Value of Common Stock

Prior to establishing a public market for the Companys common stock, the estimated fair value of the Companys common stock was determined by the Companys Board of Directors (the "Board") as of the date of each option grant, with input from management, considering the Companys most recently available third-party valuations of common stock, recent sales of common stock to third parties, and the Companys board of directors assessment of additional objective and subjective factors that it believed were relevant and which may have changed from the date of the most recent valuation through the date of the grant.

JOBS Act Accounting Election

The Company qualifies as an emerging growth company ("EGC"), as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act). The JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statements with another public company which is neither an early-stage company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Segments

The Company currently operates in one reportable segment based on managements view of its business for purposes of evaluating performance and making operating decisions. Based upon this business model, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, whom the Company has determined to be its chief operating decision-maker, reviews financial information as one operating segment.

19

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires disaggregated information about a reporting entitys effective tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. The guidance is effective for the Companys fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have any material impact on its financial statements.

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which introduced a new model for recognizing credit losses on financial instruments based on an estimate of current expected credit losses (CECL). The new guidance applies to loans, accounts receivable, trade receivables, other financial assets measured at amortized cost, loan commitments and other off-balance sheet credit exposures. The new guidance also applies to debt securities and other financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. Estimated credit losses under CECL consider relevant information about past events, current conditions and reasonable and supporting forecasts that affect the collectability of financial assets. Given the non-revenue nature of the Company, the adoption of this standard did not result in an adoption adjustment or material impact.

The Company does not believe that any recently issued effective pronouncements, or pronouncements issued but not yet effective, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.

Reclassifications

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations.

Correction of an Immaterial Error in the Prior Period Financial Statements

During the fourth quarter of 2024 (March 31, 2024), the Company determined that the prior year financial statements had an error caused by an immaterial classification error of certain research and development expense in accordance with ASC 730. As a result, certain prior year amounts have been revised for consistency with the current year presentation. The Company assessed the materiality of this change in presentation on prior period financial statements in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99, Materiality, (ASC Topic 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections). Based on this assessment, the Company concluded that these classification error corrections in its Statements of Operations are not material to any previously presented financial statements based upon overall considerations of both quantitative and qualitative factors. The corrections had no impact on the fiscal year 2023 Balance Sheet, Statements of Cash Flows, or Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity. Further, the immaterial corrections did not result in a change in operating losses, net loss, or basic or diluted earnings per share in the Income Statement. Accordingly, the Company corrected the previously reported immaterial errors for the year ended March 31, 2023 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

A summary of immaterial corrections reflecting the prior period impact to the Companys Statement of Operations, for the year ended March 31, 2023 is shown below (in thousands):

As Revised 

March 31,

2023 

Correction 

March 31,

2023 

General and administrative expense $ 1,333 $ (88 ) $ 1,245 

Research and development expense 657 88 745 

Net Loss $ 1,990 $ - $ 1,990 

20

Note 2 Warrant Liability and Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. While the Company believes that its valuation methods are appropriate, the Company recognizes that the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values are the probability weighting of the different settlement outcomes used. 

The Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value as of or during the 12-month period ending March 31, 2023. There were not any transfers into or out of Level 3 as of March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023.

The following table summarizes the activity of the Level 3 fair value measurements (in thousands):

Warrant

Liabilities 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 $ 

Additions 4,556 

Change in fair value measurements - warrants mark-to-market 3,444 

Settlement and reclassification to equity (8,000 )

Balance as of March 31, 2024 $ 

The Company recognized the initial warrant expense as a component of operating expenses on the statement of operations under warrant expense termination agreement for $4.6 million and the changes in the fair value under warrant liability mark-to-market for $3.4 million. There were no changes to the valuation approaches or techniques used for Level 3 measurements.

Warrant Liabilities

As more fully detailed in Note 6 Related Party Transactions, on July 7, 2023, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement) with a licensee in exchange for the issuance, upon the closing of the Companys IPO within one year of the agreements execution, of a warrant (the "Warrant") to purchase shares of the Company for a variable number of shares.

The fair value of the warrant liability has been estimated using a discounted cash flow model under various scenarios and used the probability-weighted expected return method (PWERM) comparing the probabilities of different outcomes. The outcomes considered included (i) the closing of a qualified financing as part of the Companys IPO at various points in time and (ii) the possibility of default whereby the licensee receives nothing. Key assumptions for the model were as follows for the initial measurement:

Discount rate at issuance (1) 20.00 %

Probability (2) 70% - 10% - 20 %

Payment (3) 

$0 - $8,000,000 

Expected term (in years) 0.48 - 0.98 

(1) 

The initial discount rate was chosen based on private equity rates of return as described in the AICPA Practice Aid on Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity securities issued as compensation. For the recurring fair value measurement, the Company updated the discount rate based upon yield curves estimated to be similar in credit quality to the Company;

(2) 

Scenario probability as of issuance was based on timing expectations of management that a qualified offering occurring as of December 31, 2023 was estimated at 70%, respectively; a qualified offering occurring as of June 30, 2024 was estimated at 10%; and no qualified offering occurring was estimated at 20%;

(3) 

The warrant has a $0.02 strike price, however, the strike price is low relative to the stock price, making the warrant value close to the value of a stock unit. The agreement has a fixed payment value of $8.0 million, see Note 6 Related Party Transactions.

21

On January 29, 2024, the Company issued 80,000 warrant shares pursuant to the Termination Agreement.

The completion of the Companys IPO fixed the number of warrant shares issuable and the Company re-classified the Warrant to additional-paid in capital as it met the requirements for equity classification. Upon reclassification, the Company valued the warrant at $8.0 million, which represented the fair value of the shares issued on that date.

Note 3 Convertible Notes Payable

On September 9, 2023, the Company's Board authorized an offering up to $2.0 million in unsecured, non-interest bearing convertible promissory notes (the Notes) and accompanying warrants (the Bridge Financing Warrants) (collectively, the Bridge Offering) that will mature on December 31, 2025. The Notes provided that, on the closing date of the IPO, the outstanding principal would be automatically converted into common stock at the conversion price of $40.00. Each dollar in principal amount of Notes purchased were accompanied by a five-year Bridge Financing Warrant to purchase 0.0125 shares of Common stock with an exercise price of $20.00 per share. The Company records the Bridge Financing Warrants as a discount to the Notes.

The Bridge Financing Warrants can be exercised from the date of Notes issuance through the five-year anniversary of the issuance of the Notes. The shares issuable pursuant to the Notes and Bridge Financing Warrants have a 180-day lock-up after the Companys IPO. Thereafter, the foregoing lock-up agreement will cease to apply to 25% of the purchased shares each month for a period of four months. The Note holders are not permitted to convert their Notes when the holders or any of their affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the Companys common stock after such conversion.

As of March 31, 2024, the Company received proceeds of $2.0 million of Notes executed from the Bridge Offering. Upon the closing of the IPO, certain notes were to be automatically converted according to their terms into the Companys common stock to the extent and provided that certain holders of these notes are not permitted to convert such notes to the extent that the holders or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the Companys common stock after such conversion. Due to this 4.99% limitation, principal representing $1.3 million, or 33,250 shares, of these notes remained outstanding. As discussed in Note 1, the remaining notes converted into common stock in accordance with their original terms on the IPO.

The Companys effective interest rate for the Notes is 15.3% due to the amortization of the discount stemming from the issuance of the Bridge Financing Warrants.

The table below summarizes the Companys outstanding convertible notes payable as of March 31, 2024 (in thousands).

Principal

Amount 

Unamortized

Debt Discount 

Net Carrying

Amount 

Zero-coupon convertible notes payable due on December 31, 2025 $ 1,330 $ 328 $ 1,002 

Warrants

The Company issued the Notes with detachable warrants for the purchase of shares of the Companys common stock. The Company utilized a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of each Bridge Offering Warrant. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company issued warrants valued at $0.6 million. The key inputs to the Monte Carlo simulation used to determine the fair value of each warrant include, the Companys stock price fair value which was determined through a back solve calculation such that the stock price results in the average total value of the Notes and the Bridge Offering Warrants being equal to the cash proceeds received, volatility based on a selection of publicly held peer companies of 101.88%, expected term of 5 years, risk free rate of 4.40%, discount rate of 20.00% and a discount for lack of marketability of 15.77%.

22

During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company recorded less than $0.1 million in interest expense related to the amortization of the debt discount.

The following table presents a summary of activity for the warrants issued in connection with the Companys Notes:

Warrants 

Weighted-

Average

Exercise

Price Per 

Share 

Remaining

Life (In

Years) 

Aggregate

Intrinsic

Value* 

Outstanding and exercisable, March 31, 2023 $ $ 

Granted 25,003 20.00 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Expired 

Outstanding, March 31, 2024 25,003 $ 20.00 4.48 $ 1,010,000 

Exercisable, March 31, 2024 25,003 $ 20.00 4.48 $ 1,010,000 

*Aggregate Intrinsic Value = Excess of market value over the exercise price of all in-the-money warrants. 

Note 4 Equity

On November 29, 2023, the Companys Board of Directors and applicable shareholders approved to amend and restate the Companys certificate of incorporation and increased the authorized shares to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, with a par value of $.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of $.001 per share. The specific rights of the preferred stock shall be determined by the Board of Directors.

Preferred Stock 

As of March 31, 2024, the Company had no shares of preferred stock outstanding.

Restricted Stock

On February 15, 2024, the Company issued 1,750 restricted shares of common stock to the Company's marketing consultant at the closing price of $76.00 of the Company's common stock. The total value of these shares is $133,000. These shares vest monthly over a 12-month period beginning on the issue date.

Year ended March 31, 

2024 

2023 

Recognized in general and administrative expense $ 16,625 $ 

Total $ 16,625 $ 

For the year ended March 31, 2024, there was $116,375 of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested Restricted Stock, which is expected to be recognized over the period April 2024 through February 2025.

23

A summary of activity regarding Restricted Stock issued is as follows:

Grant Date 

Number of Shares 

Fair Value Per Share 

Outstanding, March 31, 2023 $ 

Granted 1,750 76.00 

Vested (146 ) 76.00 

Unvested, March 31, 2024 1,604 $ 76.00 

Common Stock 

On April 6, 2023, the Board of Directors approved a private placement offering of up to 100,000 common shares at a price of $40.00 per share. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company sold 71,001 shares for cash proceeds of approximately $2,840,000. The Company did not incur any costs that were direct and incremental to the private placement.

On September 9, 2023, the Board approved a Bridge Offering. See Note 3 Convertible Notes Payable for additional detail as these notes are convertible into common stock.

Stock Plan and Stock Options

In June 2023, the Company adopted, and the Companys shareholders approved, the Autonomix Medical, Inc. 2023 Stock Plan (the Plan). The Plan is a stock-based compensation plan that provides for discretionary grants of stock options, stock awards and stock unit awards to key employees, non-employee directors, and consultants, subject to certain individual threshold limitations. The Plan provides for up to 200,000 shares to be issued. Shares that are surrendered because of forfeiture, expiration, termination, or cancellation are available for re-issuance. As of March 31, 2024, the Plan has 99,820 shares remaining available to be issued.

In August 2023, the Plan was amended to allow for an automatic increase of the available shares for issuance, whereby on the 1st of each fiscal year, beginning on April 1, 2024 and ending on (and including) April 1, 2033 in an amount equal to five percent (5%) of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the March 31st immediately preceding the applicable date. However, the Board may act prior to the automatic increase of a given year to provide that there will be no increase for such year, or that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock. The Board did not take any such action and on April 1, 2024, the increase took place.

The following table summarizes the stock option activity for the year ended March 31, 2024. There were no options outstanding during the year ended March 31, 2023.

Options 

Weighted-

Average

Exercise Price

Per Share 

Weighted-

Average

Remaining 

Life (In

Years) 

Aggregate

Intrinsic 

Value* 

Outstanding and exercisable, March 31, 2023 $ $ 

Granted 100,180 46.59 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Expired 

Outstanding, March 31, 2024 100,180 $ 46.59 9.35 $ 1,680,672 

Exercisable, March 31, 2024* 11,961 $ 40.00 8.96 $ 244,001 

*Aggregate Intrinsic Value = Excess of market value over the exercise price of all in-the-money stock.

24

During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company granted certain individuals options to purchase 100,180 shares of common stock with contractual terms ranging from three years to ten years, and vesting periods that included monthly over one year, quarterly over one year, monthly over four years, and annually over four years. The options had an aggregate grant date fair value of $3.7 million that was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Variables used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model included the following: (1) fair value of common stock on the measurement date of $40.00 per share for options granted as of September 30, 2023, $100.00 per share for options granted subsequent to September 30, 2023 but prior to our IPO and $54.00 for options granted subsequent to our IPO; (2) discount rate ranging from 4.02% to 4.98% based on the daily yield curve rates for U.S. Treasury obligations, (3) expected life ranging from 1.77 years to 6.25 years based on the simplified method (vesting plus contractual term divided by two), and (4) expected volatility ranging from 95% to 119% based on the historical volatility of comparable companies' stock. 

All options issued and outstanding are being amortized over their respective vesting periods. The unrecognized compensation expense at March 31, 2024 was $3.1 million. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company recorded stock-based compensation - option expense of $0.6 million, of which $0.5 million was recorded in general and administrative expenses and $0.1 million was recorded in research and development expenses in the statements of operations. There was no recorded stock-based compensation - option expense for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Equity-Based Stock Warrants

On March 26, 2024, the Company issued five-year warrants to the selling agent in the Company's IPO to purchase 2,989 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $125.00. Under the fair value method, the fair value of these warrants was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Variables used in the Black-Scholes warrant pricing model included the following: (1) fair value of common stock on the measurement date of $100.00 per share; (2) discount rate of 4.04% based on the daily yield curve rates for U.S. Treasury obligations; (3) expected life of 5 years and (4) expected volatility of 104% based on the historical volatility of comparable companies' stock. The costs associated with these shares were reclassified to additional paid-in capital upon completion of the Companys IPO on January 26, 2024.

The Company will periodically grant warrants to investors in connection with equity financing or to third-party service providers in exchange for services rendered. The following table summarizes the stock warrant activity for the year ended March 31, 2024:

Warrants 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price Per Share 

Weighted-Average Remaining Life (In Years) 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value* 

Outstanding and exercisable, March 31, 2023 328,501 $ 0.48 5.99 $ 12,982,587 

Granted 83,988 4.94 

Exercised** (124,267 ) 0.59 

Forfeited/Cancelled (991 ) 30.08 

Expired 

Outstanding, March 31, 2024 287,231 $ 1.63 4.80 $ 17,072,147 

Exercisable, March 31, 2024 286,814 $ 1.58 4.80 $ 17,063,647 

*Aggregate Intrinsic Value = Excess of market value over the exercise price of all in-the-money stock.

**All exercised shares utilized the cashless exercise option.

The unrecognized compensation expense at March 31, 2024 was less than $0.1 million. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company recorded stock-based compensation - warrant expense of less than $0.1 million, respectively. There was no recorded stock-based compensation - warrant expense for the year ended March 31, 2023.

25

Under the fair value method, the fair value of each warrant was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Variables used in the Black-Scholes warrant pricing model included the following:

Range 

2023 

2024 

Fair value of common stock on the measurement date (per share) 

$40.00 - to $100.00 

Discount rate based on the daily yield curve rates for U.S. Treasury obligations 4.04% to 4.54 %

Expected life 

3 to 5 years 

Expected volatility based on the historical volatility of comparable companies' stock 104% to 119 %

Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, we may be involved in claims that arise during the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently have any pending litigation to which we are a party or to which our property is subject that we believe to be material. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can be costly and time consuming, and it can divert managements attention from important business matters and initiatives, negatively impacting our overall operations.

Employment Agreements

The Company has agreements with key employees to provide certain benefits, including salary and other wage-related benefits, in the event of termination. In addition, the Company has adopted a severance policy for certain key members of executive management to provide certain benefits, including salary and other wage-related benefits, in the event of termination without cause. In total, these benefits would amount to $0.8 million using the rate of compensation in effect at March 31, 2024.

Note 6 Related Party Transactions

The Company utilizes a consulting firm that is owned by the Companys former Chief Financial Officer to provide accounting and financial reporting services and pays certain expenses on behalf of the Company. During the year ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred fees of less than $0.1 million, respectively, for these services, excluding officer compensation. As of March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the Company owed the consulting firm less than $0.1 million, respectively, for services and expenses.

As of March 31, 2024, members of the Companys management/Board and an immediate family member of the Companys management (related party), collectively purchased $0.5 million ($0.4 million and $0.1 million, respectively) of the Bridge Offering.

On December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a perpetual, worldwide, exclusive license agreement (the License or License Agreement) with a company controlled by a significant stockholder of the Company (the Licensee). The License allows the Licensee to use certain intellectual property and technology related to the diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular conditions held by the Company. Upon 90 days following the completion of an IPO or special purpose acquisition company transaction, the Licensee may enter into sublicenses of the licensed intellectual property and technology.

On July 7, 2023, the Company and the Licensee entered into an Exclusive License Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement) in exchange for the issuance, upon the closing of the Companys IPO within one year of the agreements execution, of a warrant to purchase shares of the Company for a variable number of shares. Upon the Company's closing of its IPO on January 29, 2024, 80,000 warrant shares were issued at $100.00 per share for a fixed value of $8.0 million. The warrants are exercisable at a price of $0.02 per share and may be exercised any time after the issuance date, subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, and expire five years from the original issuance. The warrants contain dividend rights commensurate with the holders of common stock. The warrants do not include any other stockholder rights or privileges prior to exercise.

26

The shares underlying the warrant will be subject to a lockup agreement for a period of six months after the closing of the IPO with respect to 12.5% of the shares issued and twelve months after the closing of the IPO for the remainder of the shares. In connection with the Termination Agreement, the Company agreed to register the resale of the shares of common stock. One of the Companys directors holds a 20% interest in the company receiving the warrant.

Note 6a Related Party Transactions

As part of the March 2023 sale of common stock for cash, three members of the Board of Directors purchased, in the aggregate, 8,125 shares of common stock for $325,000 of cash proceeds.

Note 7 Income Taxes

The Company files U.S. federal and various U.S. state income tax returns. Due to the Companys losses, there was no income tax expense for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands):

March 31, 

March 31, 

2024 

2023 

Amount 

% 

Amount 

% 

Tax benefit at the U.S. federal statutory rate $ (3,239 ) 21.00 % $ (418 ) 21.00 %

Tax rate change $ %

Permanent differences 1,697 (11.01 )% $ %

Return to provision (69 ) 0.45 % $ %

Change in state rate (190 ) 1.23 % $ %

State tax (net of federal benefit) (192 ) 1.24 % $ %

Valuation allowance 1,993 (12.91 )% $ 418 (21.00 )%

Effective income tax rate $ % $ %

The effective income tax rate varied from the statutory rate in 2024 primarily due to permanent differences and the increase in the valuation allowance. The effective income tax rate varied from the statutory rate in 2023 as a result of the increase in the valuation allowance.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):

March 31, 

March 31, 

2024 

2023 

Assets related to: 

Capitalized R&D costs $ 602 $ 124 

Net operating losses 2,643 1,342 

Accrual to cash 72 

Stock-based compensation 142 

Total deferred tax assets 3,459 1,466 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets (3,459 ) (1,466 )

Net deferred tax 

Net deferred tax assets $ $ 

At March 31, 2024, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss ("NOL") carry forwards of $11.2 million. Approximately $3.4 million of the U.S. federal NOLs will start expiring in 2034. Additionally, the Company generated a U.S. federal NOL carry forward of approximately $7.7 million post-2017 to 2024. Under the new Tax Act, post-2017 federal NOL carry forwards do not expire, but can only offset 80% of taxable income in the year the loss carry forward is used. The Company also had state NOL carry forwards of approximately $11.1 million which begin to expire in 2034. 

27

Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code limit the annual use of NOL carry forwards and tax credit carry forwards, respectively, following an ownership change. NOL carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 (Section 382) (or comparable provisions of state law) if certain changes in ownership were to occur. The Company is pre-revenue and has been generating net operating losses. Therefore, no NOLs are being utilized nor subject to any utilization limitations. Determination of ownership change or limitation hasnt been calculated; however, the Company will perform the NOL limitation analysis under Section 382 before any NOLs are expected to be utilized.

The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against its net total deferred tax assets as of March 31, 2024 and 2023 because management determined that it is not more-likely-than not that those assets will be realized. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of deferred assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the valuation allowance increased by $1.9 million mainly due to additional net operating losses and capitalized R&D Costs. 

The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state jurisdictions. Tax regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to the interpretation of the related tax laws and regulations and require significant judgment to apply. As of March 31, 2024, all of the tax years remained open to examination by the federal and state taxing authorities, for three or four years from the tax year in which net operating losses or tax credits are utilized completely.

As of March 31, 2024, the Company has no reserve for uncertain tax positions.

Note 8 Subsequent Events

On April 1, 2024, pursuant to the provisions of the Company's 2023 Stock Plan, the shares of Common Stock underlying the Plan increased by five percent (5%) of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the March 31st immediately preceding the applicable date. This resulted in increasing the available shares of Common Stock under the Plan by 47,116.

On April 5, 2024, the Company granted 3,750 stock options to a new employee. These stock options vest in four equal annual installments.

Note 8a - Subsequent Events

The Company held its annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") on October 17, 2024. In that Annual Meeting, among other items, stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the "Amendment) to effect the reverse stock split at a ratio in the range of 1-for-2 to 1-for-50, with such ratio to be determined in the discretion of the Companys board of directors and with such reverse stock split to be effected at such time and date, if at all, as determined by the Companys board of directors in its sole discretion prior to the one-year anniversary of the Annual Meeting.

Pursuant to such authority granted by the Companys stockholders, the Companys board of directors approved a one-for-twenty (1:20) reverse stock split (the "Reverse Stock Split) of the Companys common stock and the filing of the Amendment to effectuate the Reverse Stock Split. The Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and the Reverse Stock Split became effective in accordance with the terms of the Amendment at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on October 24, 2024 (the "Effective Time), and the Companys common stock opened for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on October 25, 2024 on a post-split basis, under the existing ticker symbol "AMIX but with a new CUSIP number 05330T205. The Amendment provides that, at the Effective Time, every twenty shares of the Companys issued and outstanding common stock will automatically be combined into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in par value per share, which will remain $0.001.

28

On November 1, 2024, the Company received notice from the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation ("DTCC") on behalf of the brokerage firms that hold the shares of Company common stock held in street name that in connection with the foregoing rounding of shares the Company would need to issue 271,846 shares of common stock. Prior to the Company's required announcement regarding the Reverse Stock Split on October 22, 2024, the Company estimates there were approximately 4,800 shareholders of record. The Company does not believe the number of shares being requested is correct based on the historical number of shareholders of its common stock and is aware of similar occurrences in recent months for other companies completing a Reverse Stock Split. As such, the Company has begun an inquiry into the calculations set forth in the request. During the pendency of this inquiry, the Company does not intend to issue any shares in connection with the fractional shares being requested.

The Reverse Stock Split has been retroactively adjusted throughout these financial statements and footnotes for all periods presented, including exercise prices and share data. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the Company reclassified approximately $18 thousand between common stock par value and additional paid-in capital.

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>amix-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>amix-20250228_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>amix-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, Address Line Two 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Entity, Ex Transition Period 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>amix-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>amix20250224_8kimg001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 28, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name Autonomix Medical, Inc.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-41940

Entity, Tax Identification Number 47-1607810

Entity, Address, Address Line One 21 Waterway Avenue

Entity, Address, Address Line Two Suite 300

Entity, Address, City or Town The Woodlands

Entity, Address, State or Province TX

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 77380

City Area Code 713

Local Phone Number 588-6150

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol AMIX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company true

Entity, Ex Transition Period false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001617867

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.amix.com/20250228/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

amix-20250228.xsd 
amix-20250228_def.xml 
amix-20250228_lab.xml 
amix-20250228_pre.xml 
amix20250224_8k.htm 

amix20250224_8kimg001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-005739-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>amix20250224_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001617867 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

false 
0001617867 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
Autonomix Medical, Inc. 
DE 
001-41940 
47-1607810 
21 Waterway Avenue 
Suite 300 
The Woodlands 
TX 
77380 
713 
588-6150 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
AMIX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>