<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002155.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002155.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401172921
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002155
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Roadzen Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001868640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				981600102
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41094
		FILM NUMBER:		25801078

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 ANZA BLVD., SUITE 109
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-414-3530

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 ANZA BLVD., SUITE 109
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vahanna Tech Edge Acquisition I Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210621
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186864000018686402025-03-312025-03-310001868640RDZN:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-312025-03-310001868640RDZN:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneOrdinaryShareEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

ROADZEN
INC.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

British
Virgin Islands 001-41094 98-1600102

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

111
Anza Blvd

Suite
109 

Burlingame,
California 94010

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (347) 745-6448

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Ordinary Shares, par value
$0.0001 per share RDZN The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Warrants, each warrant exercisable
for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share RDZNW The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 31, 2025, Roadzen Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase
Agreement) with an institutional investor (the Investor) under which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a
registered public offering, junior convertible notes (each, a Note and collectively, the Notes) for up to
an aggregate principal amount of $2,300,000 (the Notes) that may be convertible into the Companys ordinary shares,
par value of $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares). 

The
Notes were sold for a gross purchase price of $2,000,000 before fees and other expenses. The Notes will mature one year from the date
of issuance and will bear interest at a rate of 16% per annum (increasing to 18% per annum upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an event of default). 25% of the principal amount of the Notes (less any amount previously converted by the holders), together with
accrued but unpaid interest, is payable quarterly, commencing three months after the date of issuance. The Notes will have an initial
conversion price of $2.00 (the Conversion Price) and will be convertible at any time, in whole or in part and subject to
certain beneficial ownership limitations, at the election of the holders. The Conversion Price is subject to customary adjustments upon
any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or similar event. The Company may redeem all or any portion of outstanding
Notes at any time upon at least five trading days written notice by paying an amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes
being redeemed, together with interest accrued on such principal amount through the date of redemption, and additional interest that
would accrue on such principal amount through the maturity date (the Make Whole Amount).

The
Company agrees not to effect the conversion of any portion of the Notes, and the holders of the Notes (the Holders) will
not have the right to convert any portion of the Notes to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, each Holder together
with the other Attribution Parties (as defined in the Notes) collectively would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the Maximum
Percentage) of the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. Upon delivery of a written
notice to the Company, the Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess
of 9.99% as specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first
(61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such increase or decrease shall apply only to the Holder and the
other Attribution Parties and not to any other holder of Notes that is not an Attribution Party of the Holder.

Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Notes), the Holders may (i) either require the Company to redeem all or any
portion of the Notes, (ii) or, in the case of a failure to make a required quarterly payment under the Notes, convert all or any portion
of the Notes at a price equal to the Event of Default Conversion Price (as defined in the Notes). The Company also agrees not to enter
into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Notes) unless (i) the Successor Entity (as defined in the Notes) (if
other than the Company) assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under the Notes and the other Transaction Documents
in accordance with the provisions of the Notes prior to such Fundamental Transaction, or (ii) at or prior to the consummation of the
Fundamental Transaction, the Company redeems the Notes in full by paying to the holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding
Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest (including Default Interest, as applicable) and Make-Whole Amount.

Subject
to the provisions of the Notes, if, at any time while the Notes are outstanding, the Company carries out one or more Subsequent Placements
(as defined in the Notes), the Holders will have the right to require the Company to first use up to 25% of the net proceeds of such
Subsequent Placement to redeem all or a portion of the Notes in cash at the Redemption Price (as defined in the Notes) applicable to
the principal amount subject to the Holder Optional Redemption (as defined in the Notes) plus any other amounts, if any, then owing to
the holder of the Notes. Subject to the provisions of the Notes, the Company may redeem all or any portion of outstanding Notes at any
time upon at least five trading days written notice by paying an amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed,
together with interest accrued on such principal amount through the date of redemption, and the Make Whole Amount.

The
Company has engaged ThinkEquity LLC as the placement agent (the Placement Agent) with respect to the offering of the Notes.
The Placement Agent is not purchasing or selling any securities offered by the Company, nor is it required to arrange for the purchase
or sale of any specific number or dollar amount of securities, but it has agreed to use its reasonable commercial efforts to arrange
for the sale of all of the securities. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agents fees totaling 3.5% of the aggregate gross
proceeds from the sale of the Notes being offered hereby.

The
Notes (and underlying Ordinary Shares) were offered, and will be issued, pursuant to a Prospectus Supplement, dated April 1, 2025, to
the Prospectus included in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-282966), originally filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 1, 2024, which became effective on November 12, 2024. This Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation to buy nor shall there be any sale of the shares in any state or jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state or jurisdiction.

Maples
& Calder, counsel to the Company, has issued an opinion to the Company regarding the validity of the securities to be issued in the
offering. A copy of the opinion is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The
description of the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Notes do not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by the full text of Securities Purchase Agreement and the Form of Junior Convertible Note, which are filed as exhibits
to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description of Exhibit 

5.1 Opinion of Maples & Calder.

10.1* Security Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2025

10.2 Form of Junior Convertible Note

23.1 Consent of Maples & Calder (included in Exhibit 5.1).

104 Cover page interactive data file (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document).

*
Certain schedules and similar attachments to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Any omitted
schedule or similar attachment will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ROADZEN
INC.

Date:
April 1, 2025 By: /s/
Rohan Malhotra

Name:

Rohan
Malhotra

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

Our
ref CHX/787490-000011/39510030v2

Roadzen
Inc.

Kingston
Chambers

PO Box 173

Road Town

Tortola, VG1110

British Virgin Islands

1
April 2025

Roadzen
Inc.

We
have acted as counsel as to British Virgin Islands law to Roadzen Inc. (the Company) in connection with the Companys
registration statement on Form S-3, including all amendments or supplements thereto, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act)
(including its exhibits, the Registration Statement) for the purposes of, registering with the Commission under the
Act, the offering and sale of:

(a) junior
convertible notes with an aggregate principal value of US$2,300,000 and convertible into
ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.0001 each in the Company (each a Note
and together the Notes);

(b) ordinary
shares with a par value of US$0.0001 each in the Company from time to time on conversion
of the Notes (the Ordinary Shares).

This
opinion letter is given in accordance with the terms of the Legal Matters section of the Registration Statement.

1 Documents
Reviewed

We
have reviewed originals, copies, drafts or conformed copies of the following documents:

1.1 The
public records of the Company on file and available for public inspection at the Registry
of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (the Registry of Corporate Affairs)
on 31 March 2025, including the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and the
memorandum and articles of association registered on 20 September 2023 (the Memorandum
and Articles).

1.2 A
list of the Companys directors provided by the Registry of Corporate Affairs dated 28 March
2025 (the Registry List of Directors).

1.3 The
records of proceedings available from a search of the electronic records maintained on the
Judicial Enforcement Management System and the E-Litigation Portal from 1 January 2000 and
available for inspection on 31 March 2025 at the British Virgin Islands High Court
Registry (the High Court Registry).

1.4 The
written resolutions of the board of directors of the Company dated 1 November 2024 and 28
March 2025 (the Resolutions).

1.5 A
Certificate of Incumbency dated 28 March 2025, issued by Maples Corporate Services (BVI)
Limited, the Companys registered agent (the Registered Agents Certificate).

1.6 A
certificate of good standing with respect to the Company issued by the Registrar of Corporate
Affairs dated 1 April 2025 (the Certificate of Good Standing).

1.7 A
certificate from a director of the Company a copy of which is attached to this opinion (the
Directors Certificate).

1.8 The
Registration Statement.

1.9 A
securities purchase agreement dated 31 March 2025 entered into between the Company
and certain buyers in respect of the Notes (the Securities Purchase Agreement).

1.10 A
US$2,300,000 Note dated 1 April 2025.

The
documents listed in paragraphs 1.9 to 1.10 inclusive above shall be referred to collectively herein as the Documents.

2 Assumptions

The
following opinions are given only as to, and based on, circumstances and matters of fact existing and known to us on the date of this
opinion letter. These opinions only relate to the laws of the British Virgin Islands which are in force on the date of this opinion letter.
In giving the following opinions we have relied (without further verification) upon the completeness and accuracy, as at the date of
this opinion letter, of the Registry List of Directors, the Registered Agents Certificate, the Directors Certificate and the Certificate
of Good Standing. We have also relied upon the following assumptions, which we have not independently verified:

2.1 The
Documents have been or will be authorised and duly executed and unconditionally delivered
by or on behalf of all relevant parties in accordance with all relevant laws (other than,
with respect to the Company, the laws of the British Virgin Islands).

2.2 The
Documents are, or will be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable against all relevant parties
in accordance with their terms under the laws of the State of New York (the Relevant
Law) and all other relevant laws (other than, with respect to the Company, the
laws of the British Virgin Islands).

2.3 The
choice of the Relevant Law as the governing law of the Documents has been made in good faith
and would be regarded as a valid and binding selection which will be upheld by the courts
of the State of New York and any other relevant jurisdiction (other than the British Virgin
Islands) as a matter of the Relevant Law and all other relevant laws (other than the laws
of the British Virgin Islands).

2.4 Copies
of documents, conformed copies or drafts of documents provided to us are true and complete
copies of, or in the final forms of, the originals.

2

2.5 All
signatures, initials and seals are genuine.

2.6 The
capacity, power, authority and legal right of all parties under all relevant laws and regulations
(other than, with respect to the Company, the laws and regulations of the British Virgin
Islands) to enter into, execute, unconditionally deliver and perform their respective obligations
under the Documents.

2.7 That
all public records of the Company which we have examined are accurate and that the information
disclosed by the searches which we conducted against the Company at the Registry of Corporate
Affairs and the High Court Registry is true and complete and that such information has not
since then been altered and that such searches did not fail to disclose any such information
which had been delivered for registration but did not appear on the public records at the
date of our searches.

2.8 No
invitation has been or will be made by or on behalf of the Company to the public in the British
Virgin Islands to subscribe for any of the Ordinary Shares.

2.9 There
is no contractual or other prohibition or restriction (other than as arising under British
Virgin Islands law) binding on the Company prohibiting or restricting it from entering into
and performing its obligations under the Documents and the Registration Statement.

2.10 No
monies paid to or for the account of any party under the Documents or any property received
or disposed of by any party to the Documents in each case in connection with the Documents
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby represent or will represent
proceeds of criminal conduct or criminal property or terrorist property (as defined in the
Proceeds of Criminal Conduct Act (As Revised)).

2.11 There
is nothing contained in the minute book or corporate records of the Company (which we have
not inspected) which would or might affect the opinions set out below.

2.12 There
is nothing under any law (other than the laws of the British Virgin Islands) which would
or might affect the opinions set out below. Specifically, we have made no independent investigation
of the Relevant Law.

2.13 The
Company will have sufficient authorised and unissued shares under the Memorandum and Articles
at the time any Ordinary Shares were or are issued.

2.14 The
Company will receive or has received, cash consideration or non-cash consideration in consideration
for the issue of the Ordinary Shares and none of the Ordinary Shares were, or will be, issued
for less than par value.

2.15 The
Ordinary Shares that will be issued pursuant to the Documents will be duly registered, and
will continue to be registered, in the Companys register of members.

2.16 The
Notes are, or will be, issued and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of a duly
authorised, executed and delivered Securities Purchase Agreement.

3

2.17 At
the time of the conversion of the Notes into Ordinary Shares in accordance with the terms
and provisions of the applicable Documents and the Registration Statement (the Conversion):

(a) the
laws of the British Virgin Islands (including the Act (as defined below)) will not have changed
in such way as to materially impact the Conversion;

(b) the
Company will have sufficient authorised but unissued Ordinary Shares to effect the Conversion
in accordance with the Documents and the Memorandum and Articles and the Act;

(c) the
Company will not have been struck off or placed in liquidation;

(d) the
issue price for each Ordinary Share issued upon Conversion will not be less than the par
value of such share; and

(e) the
terms and provisions of the Documents relating to the Conversion and the terms of the Memorandum
and Articles will not have been altered, amended or restated or subject to any adjustment.

Save
as aforesaid we have not been instructed to undertake and have not undertaken any further enquiry or due diligence in relation to the
transaction the subject of this opinion letter.

3 Opinions

Based
upon, and subject to, the foregoing assumptions and the qualifications set out below, and having regard to such legal considerations
as we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:

3.1 The
Company is a company limited by shares incorporated with limited liability under the BVI
Business Companies Act (As Revised) (the Act), is in good standing at
the Registry of Corporate Affairs and is validly existing under the laws of the British Virgin
Islands.

3.2 With
respect to the Notes to be issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, when (a)
the board of directors of the Company has taken all necessary corporate action to approve
the issue thereof, the terms of the offering thereof and related matters; and (b) such Notes
issued thereunder have been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Company and authenticated
in the manner set forth in the relevant Securities Purchase Agreement relating to such issue
of Notes and delivered against due payment therefor pursuant to, and in accordance with,
the terms of the Registration Statement and any relevant prospectus supplement, such Notes
issued pursuant to the relevant Securities Purchase Agreement will have been duly executed,
issued and delivered

3.3 With
respect to the Ordinary Shares to be offered and issued by the Company upon conversion of
the Notes as contemplated by the Documents and the Registration Statement when: (a) the board
of directors of the Company has taken all necessary corporate action to approve the issue
thereof, the terms of the offering thereof and related matters; (b) the issue of such Ordinary
Shares have been recorded in the Companys register of members; and (c) the subscription
price of such Ordinary Shares have been fully paid in cash or other consideration approved
by the board of directors of the Company, the Ordinary Shares will be duly authorised, validly
issued, fully-paid and non-assessable. As a matter of British Virgin Islands law, a share
is only issued when it has been entered in the register of members.

4

4 Qualifications

The
opinions expressed above are subject to the following qualifications:

4.1 The
obligations assumed by the Company under the Documents will not necessarily be enforceable
in all circumstances in accordance with their terms. In particular:

(a) enforcement
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, reorganisation, readjustment of debts
or moratorium or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights of
creditors;

(b) enforcement
may be limited by general principles of equity. For example, equitable remedies such as specific
performance may not be available, inter alia, where damages are considered to be an
adequate remedy;

(c) where
obligations are to be performed in a jurisdiction outside the British Virgin Islands, they
may not be enforceable in the British Virgin Islands to the extent that performance would
be illegal under the laws of that jurisdiction; and

(d) some
claims may become barred under relevant statutes of limitation or may be or become subject
to defences of set off, counterclaim, estoppel and similar defences.

4.2 To
maintain the Company in good standing with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs under the laws
of the British Virgin Islands, annual filing fees must be paid and returns made to the Registrar
of Corporate Affairs within the time frame prescribed by law.

4.3 Under
British Virgin Islands law, the register of members is prima facie evidence of title
to shares and this register would not record a third party interest in such shares. However,
there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a British Virgin
Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct
legal position. Further, the British Virgin Islands court has the power to order that the
register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the
register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. For the purposes of the
opinion given in paragraphs 3.2 and 3.3, there are no circumstances or matters of fact known
to us on the date of this opinion letter which would properly form the basis for an application
for an order for rectification of the register of members of the Company, but if such an
application were made in respect of the Ordinary Shares, then the validity of such shares
may be subject to re-examination by a British Virgin Islands court.

4.4 In
this opinion letter, the phrase non-assessable means, with respect to the issuance
of shares, that a shareholder shall not, in respect of the relevant shares and in the absence
of a contractual arrangement, or an obligation pursuant to the memorandum and articles of
association, to the contrary, have any obligation to make further contributions to the Companys
assets (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of
an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which
a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).

4.5 The
search of records of proceedings available at the High Court Registry would not reveal any
proceeding which has been placed under seal or anonymised (whether by order of the Court
or pursuant to the practice of the High Court Registry).

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Companys current report on Form 8-K being filed on the
date hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and to the references to our firm under the headings Legal
Matters in the prospectus included in the Registration Statement. In providing our consent, we do not thereby admit that we are
in the category of persons whose consent is required under section 7 of the Act or the Rules and Regulations of the Commission thereunder.

We
express no view as to the commercial terms of the Documents or whether such terms represent the intentions of the parties and make no
comment with regard to warranties or representations that may be made by the Company.

The
opinions in this opinion letter are strictly limited to the matters contained in the opinions section above and do not extend to
any other matters. We have not been asked to review and we therefore have not reviewed any of the ancillary documents relating to the
Documents and express no opinion or observation upon the terms of any such document.

This
opinion letter is addressed to you and may be relied upon by you, your counsel and purchasers of Shares pursuant to the Registration
Statement. This opinion letter is limited to the matters detailed herein and is not to be read as an opinion with respect to any other
matter.

Yours
faithfully

Maples
and Calder

5

Appendix
A

Directors
Certificate

To: Maples and Calder

5th
Floor, Ritter House

PO
Box 173

Road
Town

Tortola

British
Virgin Islands

1
April 2025

Roadzen
Inc. (the Company)

I,
the undersigned, being a director of the Company, am aware that you are being asked to provide an opinion letter (the Opinion)
in relation to certain aspects of British Virgin Islands law. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used in this certificate
have the respective meanings given to them in the Opinion. I hereby certify that:

1 The
Memorandum and Articles remain in full force and effect and are unamended.

2 The
director resolutions dated 28 March 2025 (the Resolutions) were duly
passed in the manner prescribed in the Memorandum and Articles (including, without limitation,
with respect to the disclosure of interests (if any) by directors of the Company). The Resolutions
have not been amended, varied or revoked in any respect and the directors of the Company
have not restricted or limited the powers of any future directors of the Company in any way.

3 Immediately
prior to the issue of the Ordinary Shares, the Company had or will have sufficient authorised
but unissued shares in order for Ordinary Shares to be issued as contemplated by the Registration
Statement.

4 All
shares of the Company in issue immediately prior to the offering of Ordinary Shares have
been duly authorised and are validly issued as fully paid and non-assessable.

5 The
members of the Company (the Members) have not restricted or limited
the powers of the directors of the Company in any way.

6 The
directors of the Company at the date of the Resolutions and at the date of this certificate
were and are as follows: Steven Jack Carlson, Saurav Adhikari, Diane B. Glossman, Ajay Bhupendra
Shah, Zoe Jane Ashcroft, Rohan Malhotra and Supurna VedBrat.

7 The
members of the Committee at the date of the Committee Resolutions and at the date of this
certificate were and are as follows: Steven Jack Carlson, Rohan Malhotra and Supurna VedBrat.

8 The
minute book and corporate records of the Company as maintained at its registered office in
the British Virgin Islands and on which the Registered Agents Certificate were prepared
are complete and accurate in all material respects, and all minutes and resolutions filed
therein represent a complete and accurate record of all meetings of the members and directors
(or any committee thereof) (duly convened in accordance with the Memorandum and Articles)
and all resolutions passed at the meetings, or passed by written resolution or consent, as
the case may be.

9 The
Company has not created any charges over any of its property or assets other than those entered
in the Companys register of charges maintained at its registered office.

10 Prior
to, at the time of, and immediately following the approval of the transactions contemplated
by the Registration Statement, the Company was, or will be, able to pay its debts as they
fell, or fall, due and the transactions to which the Registration Statement relate will not
cause the Company to become unable to pay its debts as they fall due. The Company has entered,
or will enter, into the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement for proper
value and not with an intention to defraud or wilfully defeat an obligation owed to any creditor
and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not give any creditor an unfair
preference.

11 Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries (if any) has an interest in any land in the British
Virgin Islands.

12 Each
director of the Company considers the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement
to be of commercial benefit to the Company and has acted in good faith in the best interests
of the Company, and for a proper purpose of the Company, in relation to the transactions
which are the subject of the Opinion.

13 To
the best of my knowledge and belief, having made due inquiry, the Company is not the subject
of legal, arbitral, administrative or other proceedings in any jurisdiction. Nor have the
Directors and/or the Member taken any steps to have the Company struck off or placed in liquidation,
nor have any steps been taken to wind up the Company. Nor has any receiver been appointed
over any of the Companys property or assets.

14 The
Company has at no time had employees.

15 To
the best of my knowledge and belief, having made due inquiry, there are no circumstances
or matters of fact existing which may properly form the basis for an application for an order
for rectification of the register of members of the Company.

16 The
Registration Statement has been, or will be, authorised and duly executed and delivered by
or on behalf of all relevant parties in accordance with all relevant laws.

17 No
invitation has been made or will be made by or on behalf of the Company to the public in
the British Virgin Islands to subscribe for any of the Ordinary Shares.

18 The
Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the Registration Statement have been, or will be,
duly registered, and will continue to be registered, in the Companys register of members.

19 The
Company is not a central bank, monetary authority or other sovereign entity of any state
and is not a subsidiary, direct or indirect, of any sovereign entity or state.

20 There
is no contractual or other prohibition or restriction (other than as arising under British
Virgin Islands law) binding on the Company prohibiting or restricting it from entering into
and performing its obligations under the Documents.

[Signature
page follows]

I
confirm that you may continue to rely on this certificate as being true and correct on the day that you issue the Opinion unless I shall
have previously notified you in writing personally to the contrary.

Signature: 

Name: Rohan Malhotra 

Title: Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Subscription Date),
is by and among Roadzen Inc., a British Virgin Islands business company with offices located at 111 Anza Blvd, Suite 109, Burlingame,
California 94010 (the Company), and each of the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers attached hereto (the
Schedule of Buyers) (individually, a Buyer and, collectively, the Buyers
and, together with the Company, the Parties).

RECITALS

A. The
Company and each Buyer desire to enter into this transaction to purchase Notes (as defined below) pursuant to a currently effective shelf
registration statement on Form S-3, which has sufficient availability for the issuance of the Securities (as defined below) on the Closing
Date (as defined below) (File No. 333-282966) (the Registration Statement) and has been declared effective in accordance
with Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

B. The
Company has authorized a new series of junior convertible notes of the Company in the aggregate original principal amount of up to $2,300,000
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notes), which Notes shall be convertible
into Ordinary Shares (as defined below) in certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Note at an initial conversion price
per share equal to $2.00 (the Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the Notes, the Conversion Shares,
and together with the Notes, the Securities) in accordance with, and issued pursuant to, the Registration Statement.

C. Each
Buyer desires to purchase, and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, a Note
in the aggregate original principal amount set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (3) on the Schedule of Buyers.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTES

(a) Purchase
and Sale of Notes. Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 below, the
Company shall issue and sell to each Buyer, and each Buyer severally, but not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company on the Closing
Date (as defined below) a Note in the original principal amount as set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (3) on the Schedule
of Buyers (the Closing).

(b) Closings.
The Closing shall take place electronically. The date and time of the Closing (the Closing Date) shall be 10:00
a.m., New York time, no later than the second (2nd) Business Day on which the conditions to the Closing set forth in Sections
6 and 7 are satisfied or waived (or such other date as is mutually agreed to by the Company and each Buyer). Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required
by law to remain closed.

(c) Purchase
Price. The aggregate purchase price to be paid by each Buyer for the Notes in the Closing shall be the amount set forth opposite
such Buyers name in column (4) on the Schedule of Buyers corresponding to the Closing (the Purchase Price).

(d) Form
of Payment. On the Closing Date, each Buyer shall pay its respective Purchase Price (less, in the case of any Buyer, the amounts
withheld pursuant to Section 4(g)) to the Company for the Note to be issued and sold to such Buyer at the Closing by wire transfer
of immediately available funds in accordance with the Flow of Funds Letter (as defined below). Upon receipt of payment, the Company shall
deliver to each Buyer a Note in the aggregate original principal amount as set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (3) of
the Schedule of Buyers, with such Notes duly executed by the Company and registered in the name of such Buyer or its designee.

2.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYERS

Each
Buyer, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Company with respect to only itself that, as of the Subscription Date
and as of the Closing Date:

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Buyer is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization with the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents (as defined below) to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

(b) Information.
Such Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the
Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Notes that have been requested by such Buyer. Such Buyer and its advisors,
if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations
conducted by such Buyer or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect such Buyers right to rely
on the Companys representations and warranties contained herein. Such Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities
involves a high degree of risk. Such Buyer has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an
informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities.

(c) No
Governmental Review. Such Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in
the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(d) Validity;
Enforcement. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which such Buyer is a party, has been duly and validly
authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of such Buyer and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Buyer
enforceable against such Buyer in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles
of equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

(e) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by such Buyer of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to
which such Buyer is a party, and the consummation by such Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall not (i) result
in a violation of the organizational documents of such Buyer, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which such Buyer is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to such Buyer, except in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Buyer to perform its obligations hereunder.

2 

3.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The
Company represents and warrants to each of the Buyers that, as of the Subscription Date and as of the Closing Date:

(a) Organization,
Good Standing and Power. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries are entities duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority
to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, memorandum and
articles of association or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct
business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted
or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case
may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any
such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.
The Company has made available via the SECs Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR)
true and correct copies of the Companys memorandum and articles of association as amended and/or restated as of the Subscription
Date and the Closing Date, as applicable (the Charter). Material Adverse Effect means (i) any
condition, occurrence, state of facts or event having, or insofar as reasonably can be foreseen would likely have, any material adverse
effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) any condition,
occurrence, state of facts or event having, or insofar as reasonably can be foreseen would likely have, any effect on the business, operations,
properties, financial condition, or prospects of the Company that is material and adverse to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, and/or (iii) any condition, occurrence, state of facts or event that would, or insofar as reasonably can be foreseen would
likely, prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with or delay the ability of the Company to perform any of its obligations under the
Transaction Documents; provided, however, that no facts, circumstances, changes or effects exclusively and directly resulting
from, relating to or arising out of the following, individually or in the aggregate, shall be taken into account in determining whether
a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or insofar as reasonably can be foreseen would likely occur: (A) changes in conditions in the
U.S. or global capital, credit or financial markets generally, including changes in the availability of capital or currency exchange
rates, provided such changes shall not have affected the Company in a materially disproportionate manner as compared to other similarly
situated companies; (B) changes generally affecting the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate, provided such changes
shall not have affected the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a materially disproportionate manner as compared to other
similarly situated companies; (C) any effect of the announcement of, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by, the Transaction
Documents on the Companys relationships, contractual or otherwise, with customers, suppliers, vendors, bank lenders, strategic
venture partners or employees; (D) changes arising in connection with earthquakes, pandemics, hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism
or military actions or any escalation or material worsening of any such pandemic, hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or
military actions existing as of the Subscription Date and the Closing Date, as applicable; (E) any action taken by the Buyers with respect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (F) the effect of any changes in applicable laws or accounting rules, provided
such changes shall not have affected the Company in a materially disproportionate manner as compared to other similarly situated companies.
Subsidiaries means any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns any of the outstanding shares
or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations, or administration
of such Person, and each of the foregoing, is individually referred to herein as a Subsidiary. Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity and any Governmental Entity (as defined below) or any department or agency thereof.

(b) Authorization;
Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents and to offer, issue, and sell the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. Each
Subsidiary has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it
is a party. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and its Subsidiaries, and
the consummation by the Company and its Subsidiaries of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation,
the offer, issuance, and sale of the Securities and the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon
conversion of the Notes) have been duly authorized by the Companys board of directors and each of its Subsidiaries board
of directors or other governing body, as applicable, and (other than (A) the 8-K Filing (as defined below), (B) a prospectus supplement
in connection with the Closing as required by the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (the Prospectus
Supplement) supplementing the base prospectus forming part of the Registration Statement (the Prospectus),
(C) the filing of an Additional Listing Application with the Trading Market, if required, and (D) any other filings as may be required
by any state securities agencies (collectively, the Required Approvals)) no further filing, consent or authorization
is required by the Company, its Subsidiaries, their respective boards of directors or their shareholders, stockholders or other governing
body in connection with the offer, issuance, and sale of the Securities. This Agreement has been, and the other Transaction Documents
to which it is a party shall be, duly executed and delivered by the Company, and each constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating
to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification
and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law. Prior to the Closing, the Transaction Documents to which each
Subsidiary is a party shall be duly executed and delivered by each such Subsidiary, and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding
obligations of each such Subsidiary, enforceable against each such Subsidiary in accordance with their respective terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation
or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as
rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law. Transaction Documents
means, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions (as defined below) and each of the other
agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the Parties in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

3 

(c) Capitalization.
The maximum number of shares the Company is authorised to issue and the shares thereof issued and outstanding were as set forth in Schedule
3(c) as of the dates reflected therein. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(c), all of the outstanding Ordinary Shares have
been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(c), there are
no agreements or arrangements under which the Company is obligated to register the sale of any securities under the Securities Act. Except
as set forth in Schedule 3(c), no Ordinary Shares are entitled to preemptive rights and there are no outstanding debt securities
and no contracts, commitments, understandings, or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares
of the Company or rights, warrants, or options to subscribe for or purchase Ordinary Shares or Convertible Securities (as defined below)
(collectively, Options), calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible
into or exchangeable for, any shares of the Company other than those issued or granted in the ordinary course of business pursuant to
the Companys equity incentive and/or compensatory plans or arrangements. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(c) and except
for customary transfer restrictions contained in agreements entered into by the Company to sell restricted securities, the Company is
not a party to, and it has no Knowledge (as defined below) of, any agreement restricting the voting or transfer of any outstanding shares
of the shares of the Company. The offer and sale of all shares, Convertible Securities or Options of the Company issued prior to the
Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, complied, in all material respects, with all applicable federal and state securities
laws, and no shareholder has any right of rescission or damages or any put or similar right with respect thereto that would
have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(c), there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution
or similar provisions that shall be triggered by this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions described herein or therein.
Ordinary Shares means (i) the Companys ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii) any shares
into which such ordinary shares shall have been changed or any shares resulting from a reclassification of such ordinary shares. Knowledge
means the actual knowledge of any of (A) the Companys Chief Executive Officer, and (B) the Companys Chief Financial Officer,
in each case after reasonable inquiry of all officers, directors and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries under such Persons
direct supervision who would reasonably be expected to have knowledge or information with respect to the matter in question. Convertible
Securities means any shares or other security of the Company that is at any time and under any circumstances directly or indirectly
convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares or other security
of the Company (including, without limitation, Ordinary Shares).

4 

(d) Issuance
of Conversion Shares; Registration Statement. The Conversion Shares, when issued upon conversion of the Notes, shall be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, mortgages, defects, claims, liens, pledges, charges, taxes,
rights of first refusal, encumbrances, security interests and other encumbrances (collectively Liens) with respect
to the issuance thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Ordinary Shares. As of the Closing, the
Company will at all times have available from its duly authorized shares a sufficient number of Ordinary Shares in accordance with Section
10 of the Notes (the Required Reserve Amount). Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of
the Buyers in this Agreement, the offer and issuance by the Company of the Notes is exempt from registration under the Securities Act.
The issuance by the Company of the Securities has been registered under the Securities Act, the Securities are being issued pursuant
to the Registration Statement and all of the Securities are freely transferable and freely tradable by each of the Buyers without restriction,
whether by way of registration or some exemption therefrom. The Registration Statement is effective and available for the issuance of
the Securities thereunder and the Company has not received any notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop-order with respect
to the Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, either
temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened in writing to do so. The Plan of Distribution section under the
Registration Statement permits the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder and as contemplated by the other Transaction Documents.
Upon receipt of the Securities, each of the Buyers will have good and marketable title to the Securities. The Registration Statement
and any prospectus included therein, including the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder and all other applicable laws and regulations. At the time the Registration Statement
and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at each deemed effective date thereof pursuant to Rule
430B(f)(2) of the Securities Act, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus and any amendments
or supplements thereto (including, without limitation the Prospectus Supplement), at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, complied, and will comply, in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and did not, and will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company meets all of the requirements
for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act for the offering and sale of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents, and the SEC has not notified the Company of any objection to the use of the form of the Registration Statement
pursuant to Rule 401(g)(1) under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x)
under the Securities Act. At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) under the Securities Act) relating to any of the Securities, the Company
was not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act). The Registration Statement has
been filed with the SEC not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof; and no notice of objection of the SEC to the use of such
registration statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act has been received
by the Company. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued by the SEC and no proceeding for
that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering has been initiated or threatened
by the SEC; as of the effective time of the Registration Statement, the Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material
respects with the Securities Act and did not contain and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of the date of
the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and as of the Closing Date, the Prospectus did not and will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation
and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement
thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any underwriter or placement agent furnished to the Company
in writing by such underwriter or placement agent expressly for use therein. The Company (i) has not distributed any offering material
in connection with the offer or sale of any of the Securities and (ii) until no Buyer holds any of the Securities, shall not distribute
any offering material in connection with the offer or sale of any of the Securities to, or by, any of the Buyers (if required), in each
case, other than the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement. In accordance with Rule 5110(b)(7)(C)(i) of
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Manual, the offering of the Securities has been registered with the SEC on Form S-3 under
the Securities Act pursuant to the standards for Form S-3 in effect prior to October 21, 1992, and the Securities are being offered pursuant
to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act.

5 

(e) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Notes and the availability of
the Conversion Shares) do not and shall not (i) result in a violation of any provision of the Charter, (ii) after giving effect to any
consents or waivers received on or prior to the date hereof, result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, constitute
a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) in any respect under, or give to others any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party, (iii) create or impose a Lien, charge or encumbrance on any property or assets of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries under any agreement or any commitment to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of their respective properties or assets is subject, or (iv) result in a
violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are bound or affected (including federal
and state securities laws and regulations and the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Trading Market)),
except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, acceleration, cancellations,
liens, charges, encumbrances and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Consents.
Other than (i) the Required Approvals, (ii) any other filings as may be required by any state securities agencies, (iii) any application
or notification to the Trading Market required in connection with the issuance and sales of the Notes and (iv) the filing with the SEC
of such reports under the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with the Transaction Documents and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain any consent from, authorization
or order of, or make any filing or registration with any Governmental Entity (as defined below) or any regulatory or self-regulatory
agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its respective obligations under or contemplated by
the Transaction Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings
and registrations which the Company or any Subsidiary is required to obtain on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the preceding
sentence have been obtained or will be obtained on or prior to the Closing Date, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
are aware of any facts or circumstances which might prevent the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from obtaining or effecting any of
the registration, application or filings contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company is not in violation of the requirements
of the Trading Market and has no Knowledge of any facts or circumstances which might lead to delisting or suspension of the Ordinary
Shares. Governmental Entity means any nation, state, county, city, town, village, district, or other political jurisdiction
of any nature, federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, or other government, governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature
(including any governmental agency, branch, department, official, or entity and any court or other tribunal), multi-national organization
or body; or body exercising, or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, or taxing
authority or power of any nature or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, including any entity or enterprise owned or controlled by
a government or a public international organization or any of the foregoing.

(g) Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyers Purchase of Notes. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of
an arms-length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that
no Buyer is (i) an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) an affiliate (as defined in Rule
144) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) to its Knowledge, a beneficial owner of more than ten percent
(10%) of the Ordinary Shares (as defined for purposes of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder).
The Company further acknowledges that no Buyer is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any
advice given by a Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby is merely incidental to such Buyers purchase of the Notes. The Company further represents to each Buyer that
the Companys and each Subsidiarys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been based
solely on the independent evaluation by the Company, each Subsidiary and their respective representatives.

(h) Reserved.

(i) Placement
Agent Fees. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agent fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers
commissions (other than for Persons engaged by any Buyer or its investment advisor) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated
hereby, in connection with the sale of the Notes. The Company shall pay, and hold each Buyer harmless against, any liability, loss or
expense (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such claim.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged any placement agent or other agent in connection with the offer or sale of
the Notes other than ThinkEquity LLC.

6 

(j) No
Integrated Offering. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates, nor any Person acting on their
behalf has, directly or indirectly, sold, offered for sale, or solicited any offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of any
security (as defined in the Securities Act) which shall be integrated with the sale of the Notes in a manner which would require registration
of the Securities under the Securities Act, whether through integration with prior offerings or otherwise, or cause this offering of
the Securities to require approval of shareholders of the Company for purposes of the Securities Act or under any applicable shareholder
approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the listing rules of the Trading Market. None of the Company, the Subsidiaries,
their Affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf shall take any action or steps that would require registration of the issuance
of any of the Securities under the Securities Act or cause the offering of any of the Securities to be integrated with other offerings
of securities of the Company.

(k) Dilutive
Effect. The Company understands and acknowledges that the issuance of Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding Ordinary
Shares, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that the number of Conversion
Shares shall increase in certain circumstances as described in the Notes, and that the Company has an unconditional and absolute obligation
to issue the Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Notes, without any right of set off, counterclaim,
delay, or reduction, regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of
the Company, and regardless of any claim the Company may have against any Buyer.

(l) Application
of Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, interested shareholder, business combination, poison pill (including, without limitation,
any distribution under a rights agreement), shareholder rights plan or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Charter or other
organizational documents or the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise which is or could become applicable to any
Buyer as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Companys issuance of
the Securities and any Buyers ownership of the Securities. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action,
if any, in order to render inapplicable any shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial ownership
of Ordinary Shares or a change in control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(m) SEC
Documents; Financial Statements.

(i) Since
July 1, 2024 (the Most Recent 10-K Filing Date), the Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents required to be filed with or furnished to the SEC by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, including
those required to be filed with or furnished to the SEC under Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (all of the foregoing
filed prior to the Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, and all exhibits and appendices included therein and financial
statements, notes and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter referred to as the SEC
Documents). As of the Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, no Subsidiary of the Company is required to file
or furnish any report, schedule, registration, form, statement, information or other document with the SEC. As of its filing date, each
SEC Document filed with or furnished to the SEC complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to it, and, as of its filing date
(or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, on the date of such amended
or superseded filing), such SEC Document did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. Each SEC Document to be filed with or furnished to the SEC after the Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable,
including, without limitation, the 8-K Filing (as defined below), when such document is filed with or furnished to the SEC and, if applicable,
when such document becomes effective, as the case may be, shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to it, and shall not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no outstanding or
unresolved comments received by the Company from the SEC. The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness
of any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

7 

(ii) The
consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents filed with or furnished to
the SEC, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
of the Company and the consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and
changes in shareholders equity of the Company and the consolidated Subsidiaries for the periods specified (subject, in the case
of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments which shall not be material, either individually or in the aggregate) and
have been prepared in compliance with the published requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange Act, as applicable, and in conformity
with the generally accepted accounting principles of the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis (except
(A) for such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein and (B) in the case of unaudited interim statements,
to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) during the periods involved. The pro forma financial
statements or data included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents filed with or furnished to the SEC comply with the requirements
of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act, including, without limitation, Article 8 or Article 11 thereof, as applicable, and the assumptions
used in the preparation of such pro forma financial statements and data are reasonable, the pro forma adjustments used therein are
appropriate to give effect to the circumstances referred to therein and the pro forma adjustments have been properly applied to the historical
amounts in the compilation of those statements and data. The other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company and Subsidiaries
contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents filed with or furnished to the SEC, if any, are accurately and fairly presented
and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial statements and books and records of the Company. There are no financial statements
(historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents filed with or furnished
to the SEC that are not included or incorporated by reference as required. The Company and Subsidiaries do not have any material liabilities
or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations or any variable interest entities as
that term is used in Accounting Standards Codification Paragraph 810-10-25-20), not described in the SEC Documents that are required
to be described or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents. All disclosures contained in the SEC Documents, if any, regarding
non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC) comply in all material respects
with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The reserves,
if any, established by the Company or the lack of reserves, if applicable, are reasonable based upon facts and circumstances known by
the Company on the Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, and there are no loss contingencies that are required to be
accrued by the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board which are not provided for
by the Company in its financial statements or otherwise. The Company is not currently contemplating to amend or restate any of the financial
statements included in the SEC Documents (including, without limitation, any notes or any letter of the independent accountants of the
Company with respect thereto), nor is the Company currently aware of facts or circumstances which would require the Company to amend
or restate any such financial statements, in each case, in order for any of such financials statements to be in compliance with GAAP
and the rules and regulations of the SEC. The Company has not been informed by its independent accountants that they recommend that the
Company amend or restate any of the financial statements included in the SEC Documents or that there is any need for the Company to amend
or restate any such financial statements.

(iii) The
Company and Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to Company assets
is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company
and Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
Company and Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. Since the Most Recent 10-K Filing Date, there have been no changes in the
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have
materially adversely affected, or is reasonably likely to materially adversely affect, the internal control over financial reporting
of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

8 

(iv) The
Company has timely filed with the SEC and made available via EDGAR all certifications and statements required by (a) Rule 13a-14 or Rule
15d-14 under the Exchange Act or (b) 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOXA))
with respect to all relevant SEC Documents. The Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with the provisions
of SOXA applicable to it as of the Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable. The Company maintains disclosure controls and
procedures required by Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act; such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all
material information concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries is made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the
timely and accurate preparation of the SEC Documents and other public disclosure documents.

(v) Marcum
LLP (the Former Auditor), whose report on the balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
related statement of operations, shareholders equity (deficit), and cash flows each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes, is filed with the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, are and, during the periods covered by their report, were independent public accountants within the meaning of the Securities Act
and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). To the Companys Knowledge, the Former Auditor was not in violation
of the auditor independence requirements of SOXA with respect to the Company until September 20, 2023, when the Company terminated its
engagement with the Former Auditor and engaged ASA & Associates LLP (the Current Auditor) to be its new independent
public accountants. To the Companys Knowledge, the Current Auditor is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements
of SOXA with respect to the Company.

(vi) There
is no failure on the part of the Company or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of the Companys directors or officers, in their
capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provisions of SOXA and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. Each of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company (or each former principal executive
officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer of the Company as applicable) has made all certifications required
by Sections 302 and 906 of SOXA with respect to all periodic reports required to be filed by it with the SEC during the past twelve (12)
months. For purposes of the preceding sentence, principal executive officer and principal financial officer
shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15.

(n) Subsidiaries.
Schedule 3(n) identifies each Subsidiary of the Company as of the Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, other
than those that may be omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. No Subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited, directly
or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys capital stock,
from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such Subsidiarys
property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company, except as described in Schedule 3(n), or as would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(o) No
Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(o), since September 30, 2024: (i) the Company has not experienced
or suffered any Material Adverse Effect, and there exists no current state of facts, condition or event which would have a Material Adverse
Effect; (ii) there has not occurred any material adverse change, or any development that would reasonably be expected to result in a
prospective material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations of the Company
from that disclosed or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents; (iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred
any material liability or obligation, direct or contingent, nor entered into any material transaction; (iv) the Company has not purchased
any of its outstanding shares, nor declared, paid or otherwise made any dividend or distribution of any kind on its shares other than
ordinary and customary dividends; and (v) there has not been any material adverse change in the shares, short-term debt or long-term
debt of the Company.

9 

(p) No
Undisclosed Liabilities, Events, or Circumstances. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities, obligations,
claims or losses (whether liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) that would be
required to be disclosed on a balance sheet of the Company or any Subsidiary (including the notes thereto) in conformity with GAAP, other
than those incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys or its Subsidiaries respective businesses since September 30,
2024 and which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No event, liability,
development or circumstance has occurred or exists, or is reasonably expected to occur or exist, with respect to the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, properties, liabilities, prospects, operations (including results thereof) or
condition (financial or otherwise), that (i) would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws in the
SEC Documents, which has not been disclosed or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents, or (ii) would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Indebtedness.
Schedule 3(q) sets forth, as of the Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, all outstanding secured and unsecured
Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments through such date. For the
purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness shall mean, with respect to any Person as of any time, without duplication,
(a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business),
(b) all guaranties, endorsements, indemnities and other contingent obligations in respect of Indebtedness of others, whether or not the
same are or should be reflected in the Companys balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable
instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease
payments due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(q), there is no
existing or continuing default or event of default in respect of any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company
has not taken any steps, and does not currently expect to take any steps, to seek protection pursuant to any bankruptcy law or law for
the relief of debtors, nor does the Company have any Knowledge that its creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors.
Upon the sale and purchase of the Notes, the Company is financially solvent and is generally able to pay its debts as they become due.

(r) Title
to Assets. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and
marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company, in each case free and clear
of all Liens, encumbrances and defects, or such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries; and any real property and buildings held under
lease by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are held by it under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as
are not material and do not interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings
by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(s) Actions
Pending. There are no Actions (as defined below) pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against the Company or
any Subsidiary or their respective assets or properties (i) other than Actions and proceedings that would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or on the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (ii) that are required to be described in the SEC
Documents and are not so described and there are no statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be
described in the SEC Documents, or to be filed as exhibits to the SEC Documents, that are not so described or filed. Action
means any action, lawsuit, complaint, claim, petition, suit, audit, examination, assessment, arbitration, mediation or inquiry, or any
proceedings or investigation, by or before any Governmental Entity.

(t) Compliance
with Law. The business of the Company and Subsidiaries has been and is presently being conducted in compliance with all applicable
federal, state, local and foreign governmental laws, rules, regulations and ordinances, except for such non-compliance which, individually
or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any
judgment, decree or order or any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation of any Governmental Entity applicable to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall conduct its business in violation of any of the foregoing,
except in all cases for any such violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

10 

(u) Reserved.

(v) Operation
of Business.

(i) The
Company and the Subsidiaries possess or have obtained, all licenses, certificates, consents, orders, approvals, permits and other authorizations
issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign Governmental Entity that
are necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted,
as described in the SEC Documents (the Permits), except where the failure to possess, obtain or make the same would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received written notice
of any proceeding relating to revocation or modification of any such Permit or has any reason to believe that such Permit shall not be
renewed in the ordinary course, except where the failure to obtain any such renewal would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect. This Section 3(v) does not relate to environmental matters, such items being the subject of Section
3(w).

(ii) The
Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate enforceable rights to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks (both registered
and unregistered), trade names, trademark registrations, service marks, service mark registrations, Internet domain name registrations,
copyrights, copyright registrations, licenses and know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary
or confidential information, systems or procedures) (collectively, the Intellectual Property), necessary for the
conduct of their respective businesses as conducted as of the Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, except to the extent
that the failure to own or possess adequate rights to use such Intellectual Property would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received any written notice of any claim of
infringement or conflict which asserted Intellectual Property rights of others, which infringement or conflict, if the subject of an
unfavorable decision, would result in a Material Adverse Effect. There are no pending, or to the Companys Knowledge, threatened
judicial proceedings or interference proceedings challenging the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries rights in or to or
the validity of the scope of any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries Intellectual Property. No other Person has any right
or claim in any of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries Intellectual Property by virtue of any contract, license or
other agreement entered into between such Person and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by any non-contractual obligation, other
than by written licenses granted by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
any written notice of any claim challenging the rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in or to any Intellectual Property owned,
licensed or optioned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which claim, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, would result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

(w) Environmental
Compliance. The Company and Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws,
rules, regulations, decisions and orders relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic
substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) have received and are
in compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
businesses as described in the SEC Documents; and (iii) have not received notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation
or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except, in the case
of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, for any such failure to comply or failure to receive required permits, licenses, other approvals
or liability as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

11 

(x) Material
Agreements. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(x), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company is a party to any
written or oral contract, instrument, agreement, commitment, obligation, plan or arrangement, a copy of which would be required pursuant
to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act to be filed with the SEC as an exhibit to an annual report on Form 10-K (collectively, Material
Agreements). Each of the Material Agreements filed with the Most Recent 10-K conforms in all material respects to the descriptions
thereof contained or incorporated by reference therein. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(x), as of the Subscription Date or the
Closing Date, as applicable, all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company
or any Subsidiary has commitments through such date. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(q),, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
have performed in all material respects all the obligations then required to be performed by them under the Material Agreements, have
received no notice of default or an event of default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder and are not aware of any basis
for the assertion thereof, and neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other contracting
party thereto are in default under any Material Agreement now in effect, the result of which would have a Material Adverse Effect. Except
as set forth in Schedule 3(x), each of the Material Agreements is in full force and effect, and constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms against the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge
of the Company, each other contracting party thereto, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement
of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(y) Transactions
with Affiliates. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(y), none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the Knowledge
of the Company, none of the Companys shareholders, the officers or directors of any shareholder of the Company, or any family
member or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, has either directly or indirectly any interest in, or is a party to, any transaction that
is required to be disclosed as a related party transaction pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

(z) Employees;
Labor Laws. No material labor dispute with the employees of the Company exists, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, is imminent;
and the Company is not aware of any existing, threatened or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of its principal suppliers,
manufacturers or contractors that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in violation of or has received notice of any violation with respect to any federal or state law relating to discrimination in the
hiring, promotion or pay of employees, nor any applicable federal or state wage and hour laws, nor any state law precluding the denial
of credit due to the neighborhood in which a property is situated, the violation of any of which could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(aa) Investment
Company Act Status. The Company is not, and as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the application of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes pursuant to the Transaction Documents, shall not be, an investment
company or a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.

(bb) ERISA.
To the Knowledge of the Company: (i) each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), that is maintained, administered, or contributed to by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Multiemployer Plan, within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA) for employees or former employees
of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable
statutes, orders, rules, and regulations, including ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code);
(ii) no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred respecting any such
plan (excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption); and (iii) for each such plan that is subject
to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no accumulated funding deficiency as defined in
Section 412 of the Code has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market value of the assets of each such plan (excluding
for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions) equals or exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such plan determined
using reasonable actuarial assumptions, other than, in the case of (i), (ii), and (iii) above, as would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(cc) Taxes.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns required to be filed through the
Subscription Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, or have requested extensions thereof (except where the failure to file would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect) and have paid all taxes required to be paid
thereon (except for cases in which the failure to file or pay would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or,
except as currently being contested in good faith and for which reserves required by GAAP have been created in the financial statements
of the Company), and no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which have had a Material
Adverse Effect, nor does the Company have any notice or Knowledge of any tax deficiency which could reasonably be expected to be determined
adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

12 

(dd) Insurance.
The Company and Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage. The Company has no reason to believe that it shall not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole.

(ee) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, and so long as any of the Securities are held
by the Buyers shall not become, a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code.

(ff) Reserved.

(gg) No
Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any director or officer, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company,
any employee, agent, representative or Affiliate of the Company, has taken within the past five (5) years any action in furtherance of
an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization or approval of the payment or giving of money, property, gifts or anything else of
value, directly or indirectly, to any government official (including any officer or employee of a government or government-owned
or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any
of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office) to influence official action or secure
an improper advantage (to the extent acting on behalf of or providing services to the Company); and the Company and its Subsidiaries
have conducted their businesses within the past five years in compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended,
any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business
Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and other applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and anti-bribery
laws, and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and with the
representation and warranty contained herein.

(hh) Money
Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times within the past five (5) years in material
compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Currency and Foreign Transactions
Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes, including but not limited to, applicable federal,
state, international, foreign or other laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti-money laundering, including, without limitation,
18 U.S.C. Sections 1956 and 1957, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and international anti-money laundering principles or procedures
by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, of which the United States
is a member and with which designation the United States representative to the group or organization continues to concur, all as amended,
and any executive order, directive, or regulation pursuant to the authority of any of the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued
thereunder, of jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules,
regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or Governmental Entity, authority or body or any arbitrator
involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best Knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(ii) OFAC.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee thereof, nor, to the Companys Knowledge,
any agent, Affiliate or representative of the Company, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is (i) the subject
of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations
Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
nor (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, Russia,
Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, use
the proceeds from the sale of Shares under this Agreement, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary,
joint venture partner or other Person (a) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or
territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or (b) in any other manner that shall result
in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor
or otherwise). During the past five (5) years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have knowingly engaged in, or are now
knowingly engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or
transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions.

13 

(jj) Disclosure.
The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Buyers or any of their agents, advisors
or counsel with any information that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute material, nonpublic information concerning
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company understands
and confirms that the Buyers shall rely on the foregoing representations in effecting resales of the Securities pursuant to the terms
hereof. All disclosure provided to the Buyers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their businesses and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (including, without limitation, the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Section 3)
furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for purposes of or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and
general information about the Companys industry), taken together, is true and correct in all material respects on the date on
which such information is dated or certified, and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading
at such time. Each press release issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the twelve (12) months preceding the Subscription
Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, did not, at the time of release, contain any misstatement of material fact.

(kk) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of
a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ll) IT
Systems. To the Knowledge of Company, (i)(A) there has been no security breach or other compromise of any of the Companys
or its Subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their
respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology
(collectively, IT Systems and Data), and (B) the Company has not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event
or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to the IT Systems and Data, except
as would not, in the case of this clause (i), individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company is presently
in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or Governmental Entity, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and
to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except in each case as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) the Company has implemented backup and disaster
recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(mm) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with all applicable
data privacy and security laws and regulations of the applicable jurisdictions (collectively, the Privacy Laws).
To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company has in place, complies with, and takes appropriate steps to ensure compliance
in all material respects with its policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, processing,
disclosure, handling, and analysis of personal data and confidential data (the Policies). The Company has at all
times made all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures
made or contained in any of its Policies have been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements
in any material respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any Subsidiary: (a) has received notice of any actual or potential
liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and the Company has no Knowledge of any
event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (b) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole
or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (c) is a party to any order, decree,
or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

14 

(nn) Equity
Incentive Plans. Each stock Option granted by the Company was granted (a) in accordance with the terms of the applicable equity incentive
plan of the Company and (b) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Ordinary Shares on the date such stock
Option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock Option granted under the Companys equity incentive
plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no policy or practice of the Company to
knowingly grant, stock Options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock Options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(oo) Manipulation
of Price. Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or Affiliates has, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Person
acting on their behalf has, (a) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed or intended to cause or to result in the stabilization
or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company, or which caused or resulted in, or which would in the future reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company, in each case to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, or (b) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities. Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or Affiliates shall during the term of this Agreement, and,
to the Knowledge of the Company, no Person acting on their behalf shall during the term of this Agreement, take any of the actions referred
to in the immediately preceding sentence.

(pp) Reserved.

(qq) Reserved.

(rr) Reserved.

(ss) Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyers Trading Activity. It is understood and acknowledged by the Company that (i) following the public disclosure
of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, in accordance with the terms thereof, none of the Buyers have been asked
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to agree, nor has any Buyer agreed with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to desist from
effecting any transactions in or with respect to (including, without limitation, purchasing or selling, long and/or short) any securities
of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold any of the Securities for
any specified term; (ii) any Buyer, and counterparties in derivative transactions to which any such Buyer is a party, directly
or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Ordinary Shares which was established prior to such Buyers
knowledge of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; (iii) each Buyer shall not be deemed to have any affiliation
with or control over any arms-length counterparty in any derivative transaction; and (iv) each Buyer may rely on
the Companys obligation to timely deliver Ordinary Shares upon conversion of the Notes as and when required pursuant to the Transaction
Documents for purposes of effecting trading in the Ordinary Shares of the Company. The Company further understands and acknowledges that
following the public disclosure of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents pursuant to the 8-K Filing, one or more
Buyers may engage in hedging and/or trading activities (including, without limitation, the location and/or reservation of borrowable
Ordinary Shares) at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods
that the value and/or number of the Conversion Shares deliverable are being determined and such hedging and/or trading activities (including,
without limitation, the location and/or reservation of borrowable Ordinary Shares), if any, can reduce the value of the existing shareholders
equity interest in the Company both at and after the time the hedging and/or trading activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges
that such aforementioned hedging and/or trading activities do not constitute a breach of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Transaction
Document or any of the documents executed in connection herewith or therewith.

15 

4.
COVENANTS

(a) Best
Efforts. Each Buyer shall use its best efforts to timely satisfy each of the covenants hereunder and conditions to be satisfied by
it as provided in Section 6 of this Agreement. The Company shall use its best efforts to timely satisfy each of the covenants
hereunder and conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement.

(b) Blue
Sky. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in
order to obtain an exemption for, or to, qualify the Notes for sale to the Buyers at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable
securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and
shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyers on or prior to the Closing Date. Without limiting any other obligation
of the Company under this Agreement, the Company shall timely make all filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Notes
required under all applicable securities laws (including, without limitation, all applicable federal securities laws and all applicable
Blue Sky laws), and the Company shall comply with all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules,
regulations and the like relating to the offering and sale of the Notes to the Buyers.

(c) Reporting
Status. For so long as any of the Notes are outstanding (the Reporting Period), the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to timely file all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the Company shall not
terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the Exchange Act even if the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder would no longer require or otherwise permit such termination.

(d) Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Notes to repay the payables set forth on Schedule 4(d)
and for other general corporate purposes.

(e) Financial
Information. The Company agrees to send the following to each Buyer during the Reporting Period (i) unless the following are filed
with the SEC through EDGAR and are available to the public through the EDGAR system, within one (1) Business Day after the filing thereof
with the SEC, a copy of its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, any interim reports or any consolidated balance
sheets, income statements, shareholders equity statements and/or cash flow statements for any period other than annual, any Current
Reports on Form 8-K and any registration statements (other than on Form S-8) or amendments filed pursuant to the Securities Act, (ii)
unless the following are either filed with the SEC through EDGAR or are otherwise widely disseminated via a recognized news release service
(such as PR Newswire), on the same day as the release thereof, e-mail copies of all press releases issued by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and (iii) unless the following are filed with the SEC through EDGAR, copies of any notices and other information made available
or given to the shareholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the making available or giving thereof to the shareholders.

(f) Listing.
During the Reporting Period, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) maintain the Ordinary Shares listing or authorization
for quotation (as the case may be) on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, The New York
Stock Exchange or the NYSE American, or any successors to any of the foregoing (each, an Eligible Market), (ii)
not take any action which would be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Ordinary Shares on an Eligible
Market and (iii) ensure that the Ordinary Shares are eligible for participation in The Depository Trust Company (DTC)
book entry system and can be transferred electronically to third parties via DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC)
delivery system. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 4(f).

(g) Fees.
The Company shall reimburse the lead Buyer for all reasonable legal fees of Sullivan & Worcester LLP (Lead Buyer Counsel),
counsel to the lead Buyer, in connection with the structuring, documentation, negotiation and closing of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, which amounts shall include the initial $50,000 deposit paid by the Company to the Buyers (collectively,
the Transaction Expenses), the sum of which shall not exceed $75,000 and shall be deducted from each Buyers
respective Purchase Price at the Closing in accordance with the Flow of Funds Letter. The Company shall be responsible for the payment
of any placement agent fees, financial advisory fees, transfer agent fees, DTC fees or brokers commissions (other than for Persons
engaged by any Buyer) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall pay, and hold each Buyer
harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses)
arising in connection with any claim relating to any such payment. Except as otherwise set forth in the Transaction Documents, each party
to this Agreement shall bear its own expenses in connection with the sale of the Notes to the Buyers.

16 

(h) Pledge
of Securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement but pursuant to and in compliance with the Securities
Act and applicable laws, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Securities may be pledged by a Buyer in connection with a bona
fide margin agreement or other loan or financing arrangement that is secured by the Securities. The pledge of Securities shall not be
deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and no Buyer effecting a pledge of Securities shall be required
to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document. The Company hereby agrees to execute and deliver such documentation as a pledgee of the Securities may reasonably
request in connection with a pledge of the Securities to such pledgee by a Buyer.

(i) Disclosure
of Transactions and Other Material Information.

(i) Disclosure
of Transaction. On or before 9:30 a.m., New York time, on the first (1st) Business Day after the Closing Date,
the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing all the material terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents in the form required by the Exchange Act and attaching all the material Transaction Documents (including, without limitation,
this Agreement and the form of Notes) (including all attachments, the 8-K Filing) From and after the filing of the
8-K Filing, the Company shall have disclosed all material, non-public information (if any) provided to any of the Buyers by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any
and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and any of the Buyers or any of their
affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate.

(ii) Limitations
on Disclosure. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers,
directors, employees and agents not to, provide any Buyer with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries from and after the Subscription Date without the express prior written consent of such Buyer (which may be granted
or withheld in such Buyers sole discretion). In the event of a breach of any of the foregoing covenants or any of the covenants
or agreements contained in any other Transaction Document, by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents (as determined in the reasonable good faith judgment of such Buyer), in addition to any other
remedy provided herein or in the Transaction Documents, such Buyer shall have the right to make a public disclosure, in the form of a
press release, public advertisement or otherwise, of such breach or such material, non-public information, as applicable, without the
prior approval by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their respective officers, directors, employees or agents. No
Buyer shall have any liability to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their respective officers, directors, employees,
affiliates, shareholders or agents, for any such disclosure. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information
to a Buyer without such Buyers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality
with respect to, or a duty not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information. Subject to the foregoing, neither the
Company, its Subsidiaries nor any Buyer shall issue any press releases or any other public statements with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby; provided, however, the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of any Buyer, to make any press release
or other public disclosure with respect to such transactions (A) in substantial conformity with the 8-K Filing and contemporaneously
therewith, and (B) as is required by applicable law and regulations (provided that in the case of clause (A) each Buyer shall be consulted
by the Company in connection with any such press release or other public disclosure prior to its release). Without the prior written
consent of the applicable Buyer (which may be granted or withheld in such Buyers sole discretion), the Company shall not (and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and affiliates to not) disclose the name of such Buyer in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary and without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true,
the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no Buyer shall have (unless expressly agreed to by a particular Buyer after the Subscription
Date in a written definitive and binding agreement executed by the Company and such particular Buyer (it being understood and agreed
that no Buyer may bind any other Buyer with respect thereto)), any duty of confidentiality with respect to, or a duty not to trade on
the basis of, any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

17 

(iii) Other
Confidential Information. In addition to other remedies set forth in this Section 4(i), and without limiting anything set
forth in any other Transaction Document, at any time after the Closing Date if the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their
respective officers, directors, employees or agents, provides any Buyer with material non-public information relating to the Company
(each, the Confidential Information), the Company shall, on or prior to the applicable Required Disclosure Date
(as defined below), publicly disclose such Confidential Information on a report on Form 8-K or otherwise (each, a Disclosure).
From and after such Disclosure, the Company shall have disclosed all Confidential Information provided to such Buyer by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon such Disclosure, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality
or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and any of the Buyers or any of their affiliates, on the other
hand, shall terminate. Required Disclosure Date means (1) if such Buyer authorized the delivery of such Confidential
Information, either (x) if the Company and such Buyer have mutually agreed upon a date (as evidenced by an e-mail or other writing) of
Disclosure of such Confidential Information, such agreed upon date or (y) otherwise, the seventh (7th) calendar day after
the date such Buyer first received any Confidential Information, or (2) if such Buyer did not authorize the delivery of such Confidential
Information, the first (1st) Business Day after such Buyers receipt of such Confidential Information.

(j) The
Registration Statement.

(i) Amendments
to the Registration Statement; Prospectus Supplements; Free Writing Prospectuses. Except as provided in this Agreement and other
than periodic reports required to be filed pursuant to the Exchange Act, the Company shall not file with the SEC any amendment to the
Registration Statement that relates to the Buyer, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby or file with the SEC any Prospectus Supplement that relates to the Buyer, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby with respect to which (a) the Buyer shall not previously have been advised, (b) the
Company shall not have given due consideration to any comments thereon received from the Buyer or its counsel, or (c) the Buyer shall
reasonably object after being so advised, unless the Company reasonably has determined that it is necessary to amend the Registration
Statement or make any supplement to the Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other applicable law or regulation, in which
case the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than 24 hours) so inform the Buyer, the Buyer shall be provided with a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment upon any disclosure relating to the Buyer and the Company shall expeditiously furnish to the Buyer
an electronic copy thereof. In addition, for so long as, in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Buyer, the Prospectus (or in lieu
thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) under the Securities Act) is required to be delivered in connection with any acquisition
or sale of Securities by the Buyer, the Company shall not file any Prospectus Supplement with respect to the Securities without delivering
or making available a copy of such Prospectus Supplement, together with the Prospectus, to the Buyer promptly. The Company has not made,
and agrees that unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Buyer it will not make, an offer relating to the Securities that would
constitute an issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 433 promulgated under the Securities Act (an Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus) or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405
promulgated under the Securities Act (a Free Writing Prospectus) required to be filed by the Company or the Buyer
with the SEC or retained by the Company or the Buyer under Rule 433 under the Securities Act. The Buyer has not made, and agrees that
unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Company it will not make, an offer relating to the Securities that would constitute
a Free Writing Prospectus required to be filed by the Company with the SEC or retained by the Company under Rule 433 under the Securities
Act. Any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or other Free Writing Prospectus consented to by the Buyer or the Company is referred to
in this Agreement as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that (x) it has treated and will treat,
as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and (y) it has complied and will comply,
as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus,
including in respect of timely filing with the SEC, legending and record keeping.

18 

(ii) Prospectus
Delivery. Immediately prior to execution of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Buyer, and as soon as practicable
after execution of this Agreement the Company shall file, Prospectus Supplements with respect to the Securities to be issued on the Closing
Date, as required under, and in conformity with, the Securities Act, including Rule 424(b) thereunder. The Company shall provide the
Buyer a reasonable opportunity to comment on a draft of each Prospectus Supplement and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, shall give
due consideration to all such comments and, subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) hereof, shall deliver or make available to the
Buyer, without charge, an electronic copy of each form of Prospectus Supplement, together with the Prospectus, and any Permitted Free
Writing Prospectus on such Closing Date. The Company consents to the use of the Prospectus (and of any Prospectus Supplements thereto)
in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act and with the securities or blue sky laws of the jurisdictions in
which the Securities may be sold by the Buyer, in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities and for such period of time
thereafter as the Prospectus (or in lieu thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) under the Securities Act) is required by the
Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Securities. If during such period of time any event shall occur that in
the judgment of the Company and its counsel is required to be set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus or should be set forth therein in order to make the statements made therein (in the case of the Prospectus, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or if it is necessary to amend the Registration Statement or supplement
or amend the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other applicable law or regulation,
the Company shall forthwith prepare and, subject to Section 4(b) above, file with the SEC an appropriate amendment to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus Supplement to the Prospectus (or supplement to the Permitted Free Writing Prospectus) and shall expeditiously
furnish or make available to the Buyer an electronic copy thereof.

(iii) Stop
Orders. The Company shall advise the Buyer promptly (but in no event later than 24 hours) and shall confirm such advice in writing:
(i) of the Companys receipt of notice of any request by the SEC for amendment of or a supplement to the Registration Statement,
the Prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus or for any additional information; (ii) of the Companys receipt of notice
of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending
the use of the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, or of the suspension of qualification of the Securities for offering or sale
in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; (iii) of the Company becoming aware
of the happening of any event, which makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any
Permitted Free Writing Prospectus untrue or which requires the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in the
Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus in order to state a material fact required by the Securities
Act to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of the Prospectus, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or of the necessity to amend the Registration Statement or supplement the Prospectus
or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law or (iv) if at any time following the date
hereof the Registration Statement is not effective or is not otherwise available for the issuance of the Securities or any Prospectus
contained therein is not available for use for any other reason. Thereafter, the Company shall promptly notify such holders when the
Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus and/or any amendment or supplement thereto, as applicable,
is effective and available for the issuance of the Securities. If at any time the SEC shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, the Company shall
use best efforts to obtain the withdrawal of such order at the earliest possible time.

19 

(k) Additional
Issuance of Securities. During the Reporting Period, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Required Holders
(as defined below), issue any Notes (other than to the Buyers as contemplated hereby) and the Company shall not issue any other securities
that would cause a breach or default under the Notes. Each Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to
preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(l) Reservation
of Shares. So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Company shall take all action necessary to at all times have authorized,
and reserved for the purpose of issuance, no less than the Required Reserve Amount; provided that at no time shall the number
of Ordinary Shares reserved pursuant to this Section 4(l) be reduced other than proportionally in connection with any conversion
and/or redemption, as applicable, of the Notes. If at any time the number of Ordinary Shares authorized and reserved for issuance is
not sufficient to meet the Required Reserve Amount, the Company shall promptly take all corporate action necessary to authorize and reserve
a sufficient number of shares, including, without limitation, calling a meeting of directors or shareholders (as applicable) to authorize
additional shares to meet the Companys obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the case of an insufficient number
of authorized shares, obtain shareholder approval of an increase in such authorized number of shares, and voting the management shares
of the Company in favor of an increase in the authorized shares of the Company to ensure that the number of authorized Ordinary Shares
is sufficient to meet the Required Reserve Amount.

(m) Conduct
of Business. During the Reporting Period, the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be conducted in violation of
any law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity, except where such violations would not reasonably be expected to result,
either individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Variable
Rate Transactions. During the Reporting Period, the Company and each Subsidiary shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Share Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Ordinary Share Equivalents means any securities
of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Ordinary Shares, including, without
limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Ordinary Shares. Variable Rate Transaction
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable
or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional Ordinary Shares either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price
or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Ordinary Shares at
any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that
is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for Ordinary Shares or (ii) enters
into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may
issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless
of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled, which transaction shall exclude any at-the-market offering entered
into with a broker-dealer. Any Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(o) Reserved.

(p) Dilutive
Issuances. So long as any Notes are outstanding, the Company shall not, in any manner, enter into or affect any Dilutive Issuance
(as defined in the Notes) if the effect of such Dilutive Issuance is to cause the Company to be required to issue upon conversion of
any Notes any Ordinary Shares in excess of that number of Ordinary Shares which the Company may issue upon conversion of the Notes without
breaching the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of the Trading Market.

(q) Reserved.

(r) Reserved.

(s) Corporate
Existence. So long as any Buyer beneficially owns any Notes, the Company shall not be party to any Fundamental Transaction (as defined
in the Notes) unless the Company is in compliance with the applicable provisions governing Fundamental Transactions set forth in the
Notes.

20 

(t) 
Reserved.

(u) Conversion
Procedures. The form of Conversion Notice (as defined in the Notes) included in the Notes sets forth the totality of the procedures
required of the Buyers in order to convert or exercise the Notes. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall
be required of the Buyers to convert or exercise their Notes. The Company shall honor conversions or exercises of the Notes and shall
deliver the Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Notes.

(v) Regulation
M. The Company shall not take any action prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act, in connection with the distribution of
the Securities contemplated hereby.

(w) Reserved.

(x) Integration.
None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Affiliates, nor any Person acting
on their behalf shall sell, offer for sale, or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
the Securities Act) which shall be integrated with the sale of the Notes in a manner which would require the registration of the Securities
under the Securities Act or require shareholder approval under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market and the Company shall
take all action that is appropriate or necessary to assure that its offerings of other securities shall not be integrated for purposes
of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Trading Market with the issuance of Securities contemplated hereby.

(y) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company shall notify the Buyers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

(z) Reserved.

5.
REGISTER; TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS; LEGEND

(a) Register.
The Company shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice
to each holder of Securities), a register for the Notes in which the Company shall record the name and address of the Person in whose
name the Notes have been issued (including the name and address of each transferee), the principal amount of the Notes held by such Person
and the number of Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the Notes. The Company shall keep the register open and available
at all times during business hours for inspection of any Buyer or its legal representatives.

(b) Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent and any subsequent transfer agent (as
applicable, the Transfer Agent) in a form acceptable to each of the Buyers (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions) to issue certificates or credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at DTC, registered in the name of
each Buyer or its respective nominee(s), for the Conversion Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by each Buyer to the
Company upon conversion of the Notes. The Company represents and warrants that no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions referred to in this Section 5(b), will be given by the Company to its transfer agent with respect to the Securities,
and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company, as applicable, to the extent
provided in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. If a Buyer effects a sale, assignment or transfer of any Securities,
the Company shall permit the transfer and shall promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates or credit shares
to the applicable balance accounts at DTC in such name and in such denominations as specified by such Buyer to effect such sale, transfer
or assignment. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to a Buyer. Accordingly,
the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5(b) will be inadequate and agrees,
in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section 5(b), that a Buyer shall be entitled,
in addition to all other available remedies, to an order and/or injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate issuance and
transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall cause
its counsel to issue the legal opinion referred to in the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to the Transfer Agent as follows: (i)
upon each conversion of the Notes (unless such issuance is covered by a prior legal opinion previously delivered to the Transfer Agent)
and (ii) on each date a registration statement with respect to the issuance or resale of any of the Securities is declared effective
by the SEC. Any fees (with respect to the transfer agent, counsel to the Company or otherwise) associated with the issuance of such opinion
or the removal of any legends on any of the Securities shall be borne by the Company.

21 

(c) Legends.
Certificates and any other instruments evidencing the Securities shall not bear any restrictive or other legend.

(d) FAST
Compliance. While any Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to maintain a transfer agent that participates
in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

6.
CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATION TO SELL

The
obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Notes to each Buyer at Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before
the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may
be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion by providing each Buyer with prior written notice thereof:

(a) Such
Buyer shall have executed each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the Company.

(b) Such
Buyer and each other Buyer shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price (less, in the case of any Buyer, the amounts withheld
pursuant to Section 4(g)) for the Notes being purchased by such Buyer at the Closing by wire transfer of immediately available
funds in accordance with the Flow of Funds Letter.

(c) The
representations and warranties of such Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which
shall be true and correct as of such specific date), and such Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects
with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Buyer at
or prior to the Closing Date.

7.
CONDITIONS TO EACH BUYERS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE

The
obligation of each Buyer hereunder to purchase its Notes at Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of
each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for each Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by such Buyer
at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof:

(a) The
Company shall have duly executed and delivered to such Buyer each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the Company
shall have duly executed and delivered to such Buyer a Note in such original principal amount as is set forth across from such Buyers
name in column (3) of the Schedule of Buyers attached hereto.

(b) Such
Buyer shall have received the opinion of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, the Companys counsel, and the opinion of Maples and Calder, the
Companys British Virgin Islands counsel, each dated as of the Closing Date and in the form reasonably acceptable to such Buyer.

(c) The
Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a copy of the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in the form reasonably acceptable to
such Buyer, which instructions shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Companys transfer agent.

(d) The
Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company in the Companys
jurisdiction of formation issued by the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands of such jurisdiction of formation
as of a date within thirty (30) days of the Closing Date.

22 

(e) Such
Buyer shall have received a written consent of Mizuho Securities USA LLC in a form reasonably acceptable to such Buyer.

(f) The
Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a certified copy of the Charter as certified by the registered agent of the Company within
thirty (30) days of the Closing Date.

(g) Reserved.

(h) The
Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a certificate, in the form acceptable to such Buyer, executed by an officer of the Company
and dated as of the Closing Date, as to (i) the resolutions consistent with Section 3(b) as adopted by the Companys board
of directors in a form reasonably acceptable to such Buyer, and (ii) the Charter of the Company.

(i) Each
and every representation and warranty of the Company shall be true and correct as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as
though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true
and correct as of such specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with the covenants,
agreements and conditions required to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. Such Buyer
shall have received a certificate, duly executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the
foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by such Buyer in the form acceptable to such Buyer.

(j) The
Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a letter or email from the Transfer Agent certifying the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding
on the Closing Date immediately prior to the Closing.

(k) The
Ordinary Shares (i) shall be designated for quotation or listed (as applicable) on the Trading Market, and (ii) shall not have been suspended,
as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the Trading Market from trading on the Trading Market nor shall suspension by the SEC or the Trading
Market have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, either (A) in writing by the SEC or the Trading Market, or (B) by falling below
the minimum maintenance requirements of the Trading Market.

(l) The
Company shall have obtained all governmental, regulatory or third-party consents and approvals, if any, necessary for the sale of the
Notes, including without limitation, those required by the Trading Market, if any.

(m) No
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents.

(n) Since
the date of execution of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that reasonably would have or result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

(o) Reserved.

(p) Such
Buyer shall have received a letter on the letterhead of the Company, duly executed by an officer of the Company, setting forth the wire
amounts of each Buyer and the wire transfer instructions of the Company (the Flow of Funds Letter).

(q) The
Registration Statement shall be effective and available for the issuance and sale of the Notes to be issued in the Closing and the Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion thereof pursuant to the terms of the Notes and the Company shall have delivered to such Buyer the Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement with respect thereto as required hereunder and thereunder.

(r) Reserved.

23 

(s) The
Company and its Subsidiaries shall have delivered to such Buyer such other documents, instruments or certificates relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement as such Buyer or its counsel may reasonably request.

8.
TERMINATION

This
Agreement shall automatically terminate as between the Company and a Buyer upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(a) the
mutual written consent of the Company and such Buyer; or

(b) the
delivery of written notice to terminate by either the Company or such Buyer in the event that the Closing shall not have occurred within
five (5) Trading Days following the Subscription Date; provided that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8(b)
shall not be available to such Party if the failure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to have been consummated by
such date is the result of such Partys breach of this Agreement, provided further that no such termination under this Section
8(b) shall affect any obligation of the Company under this Agreement to reimburse such Buyer for the expenses described in Section
4(g) above.

Nothing
contained in this Section 8 shall be deemed to release any Party from any liability for any breach by such Party of the terms
and provisions of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or to impair the right of any Party to compel specific performance
by any other Party of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.

9.
MISCELLANEOUS

(a) Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement
shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision
or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions
other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in The City of New York, County of New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or under
any of the other Transaction Documents or with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees
not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that
such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude any Buyer from
bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations
to such Buyer or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of such Buyer. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
OR THEREBY. 

(b) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. In the event that any signature
is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e-mail which contains a portable document format (.pdf) file of an executed signature
page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed)
with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

24 

(c) Headings;
Gender. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Agreement. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine,
neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words
of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in
which they are found.

(d) Severability;
Maximum Payment Amounts. If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended
to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision
shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express,
without material change, the original intentions of the Parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity
or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations
of the Parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the Parties. The Parties will endeavor
in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of
which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (and without implication that the following is required or applicable),
it is the intention of the Parties that in no event shall amounts and value paid by the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries (as the
case may be), or payable to or received by any of the Buyers, under the Transaction Documents (including without limitation, any amounts
that would be characterized as interest under applicable law) exceed amounts permitted under any applicable law. Accordingly,
if any obligation to pay, payment made to any Buyer, or collection by any Buyer pursuant the Transaction Documents is finally judicially
determined to be contrary to any such applicable law, such obligation to pay, payment or collection shall be deemed to have been made
by mutual mistake of such Buyer, the Company and its Subsidiaries and such amount shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive
effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by the applicable law. Such adjustment
shall be effected, to the extent necessary, by reducing or refunding, at the option of such Buyer, the amount of interest or any other
amounts which would constitute unlawful amounts required to be paid or actually paid to such Buyer under the Transaction Documents. For
greater certainty, to the extent that any interest, charges, fees, expenses or other amounts required to be paid to or received by such
Buyer under any of the Transaction Documents or related thereto are held to be within the meaning of interest or another
applicable term to otherwise be violative of applicable law, such amounts shall be pro-rated over the period of time to which they relate.

25 

(e) Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto
and the instruments referenced herein and therein supersede all other prior oral or written agreements between the Buyers, the Company,
its Subsidiaries, their affiliates and Persons acting on their behalf, including, without limitation, any transactions by any Buyer with
respect to the Securities, and the other matters contained herein and therein, and this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the
schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto and the instruments referenced herein and therein contain the entire understanding
of the Parties solely with respect to the matters covered herein and therein; provided, however, nothing contained in this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document shall (or shall be deemed to) (i) have any effect on any agreements any Buyer has entered into with,
or any instruments any Buyer has received from, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the Subscription Date with respect to
any prior investment made by such Buyer in the Company or (ii) waive, alter, modify or amend in any respect any obligations of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or any rights of or benefits to any Buyer or any other Person, in any agreement entered into prior to the
Subscription Date between or among the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and any Buyer, or any instruments any Buyer received from
the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the Subscription Date, and all such agreements and instruments shall continue in
full force and effect. Except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor any Buyer makes any representation,
warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. For clarification purposes, the Recitals are part of this Agreement.
No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Required Holders,
and any amendment to any provision of this Agreement made in conformity with the provisions of this Section 9(e) shall be binding
on all Buyers and holders of Securities, as applicable; provided that no such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it (A)
applies to less than all of the holders of the Securities then outstanding or (B) imposes any obligation or liability on any Buyer without
such Buyers prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in such Buyers sole discretion). No waiver shall be
effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party, provided that the Required Holders
may waive any provision of this Agreement, and any waiver of any provision of this Agreement made in conformity with the provisions of
this Section 9(e) shall be binding on all Buyers and holders of Securities, as applicable, provided that no such waiver shall
be effective to the extent that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of the Securities then outstanding (unless a party gives
a waiver as to itself only) or (2) imposes any obligation or liability on any Buyer without such Buyers prior written consent
(which may be granted or withheld in such Buyers sole discretion). No consideration (other than reimbursement of legal fees) shall
be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of the Transaction Documents
unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents, all holders of the Notes. From the
Subscription Date and while any Notes are outstanding, the Company shall not be permitted to receive any consideration from a Buyer
or a holder of Notes that is not otherwise contemplated by the Transaction Documents in order to, directly or indirectly, induce the
Company or any Subsidiary (i) to treat such Buyer or holder of Notes in a manner that is more favorable than to other similarly situated
Buyers or holders of Notes, as applicable, or (ii) to treat any Buyer(s) or holder(s) of Notes in a manner that is less favorable than
the Buyer or holder of Notes that is paying such consideration; provided, however, that the determination of whether a Buyer has been
treated more or less favorably than another Buyer shall disregard any securities of the Company purchased or sold by any Buyer. The Company
has not, directly or indirectly, made any agreements with any Buyers relating to the terms or conditions of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents except as set forth in the Transaction Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company confirms that,
except as set forth in this Agreement, no Buyer has made any commitment or promise or has any other obligation to provide any financing
to the Company, any Subsidiary or otherwise. As a material inducement for each Buyer to enter into this Agreement, the Company expressly
acknowledges and agrees that no due diligence or other investigation or inquiry conducted by a Buyer, any of its advisors or any of its
representatives shall affect such Buyers right to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be an exception to any
of, the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, nothing contained
in any of the SEC Documents shall affect such Buyers right to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be an exception
to any of, the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Required
Holders means (I) prior to the Closing Date, each Buyer entitled to purchase Notes at such Closing and (II) on or after the
Closing Date, holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities as of such time (excluding any Registrable Securities held by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries as of such time) issued or issuable hereunder or pursuant to the Notes.

(f) Notices.
Any notice, demand, request, waiver or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be effective (a) upon hand delivery or electronic mail delivery at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business
day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered
other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following
the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever
shall first occur. The address for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

[]

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

[]

If
to the Transfer Agent:

[]

26 

If
to a Buyer, to its address and e-mail address set forth on the Schedule of Buyers, with a copy of any notice sent to the lead Buyer (which
copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Sullivan
& Worcester, LLP

1251
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, NY 10020

Telephone
Number: (212) 660-3060

Email:
ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com

Attention:
David E. Danovitch, Esq.

or
to such other address or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by written
notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by
the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) electronically generated by the senders e-mail containing
the time, date, and recipient email address, or (C) provided by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal
service.

(g) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns,
including any purchasers of any of the Notes. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Required Holders, including, without limitation, by way of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in
the Notes) (unless the Company is in compliance with the applicable provisions governing Fundamental Transactions set forth in the Notes).
A Buyer may assign some or all of its rights hereunder in connection with any transfer of any of its Securities without the consent of
the Company, in which event such assignee shall be deemed to be a Buyer hereunder with respect to such assigned rights.

(h) No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, other than the Indemnitees referred
to in Section 9(k).

(i) Survival.
The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants shall survive the Closing. Each Buyer shall be responsible only for its own
representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

(j) Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(k) Indemnification.
In consideration of each Buyers execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and acquiring the Securities thereunder and
in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under the Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify
and hold harmless each Buyer and each holder of any Securities and all of their shareholders, partners, members, officers, directors,
employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing Persons agents or other representatives (including, without
limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees)
from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses
in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is
sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach
of such Indemnitees representations, warranties, or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Indemnitee may have with any such shareholder or any violations by such Indemnitee of state or federal securities laws or any conduct
by such Indemnitee which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence, or willful misconduct) (the Indemnified
Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (i) any misrepresentation or breach
of any representation or warranty made by the Company or any Subsidiary in any of the Transaction Documents, (ii) any breach of any covenant,
agreement or obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary contained in any of the Transaction Documents or (iii) any cause of action,
suit, proceeding or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action
brought on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary) or which otherwise involves such Indemnitee that arises out of or results from (A)
the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents, (B) any transaction financed or to be financed
in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, (C) any disclosure properly made by
such Buyer pursuant to Section 4(i), or (D) the status of such Buyer or holder of the Securities either as an investor in the
Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or as a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation,
as a party in interest or otherwise in any action or proceeding for injunctive or other equitable relief). To the extent that the foregoing
undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction
of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law. The representations and warranties of the Company contained
in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall expire on the first anniversary of the Closing Date, and no claim, cause or
action or other proceeding may be brought by any Indemnitee on account of any such representation or warranty after such date.

27 

(l) Construction.
The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party. No specific representation or warranty shall limit the generality or applicability
of a more general representation or warranty. Each and every reference to share prices, Ordinary Shares and any other numbers in this
Agreement that relate to the Ordinary Shares shall be automatically adjusted for any share splits, share dividends, share combinations,
share divisions, recapitalizations, bonus share issuances or other similar transactions that occur with respect to the Ordinary Shares
after the Subscription Date.

(m) Remedies.
Each Buyer and in the event of assignment by such Buyer of its rights and obligations hereunder, each holder of Securities, shall have
all rights and remedies set forth in the Transaction Documents and all rights and remedies which such holders have been granted at any
time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which such holders have under any law. Any Person having any rights
under any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security),
to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights granted by law. Furthermore,
the Company recognizes that in the event that it or any Subsidiary fails to perform, observe, or discharge any or all of its or such
Subsidiarys (as the case may be) obligations under the Transaction Documents, any remedy at law would inadequate relief to the
Buyers. The Company therefore agrees that the Buyers shall be entitled to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent
injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual
damages and without posting a bond or other security. The remedies provided in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall
be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, at law or in
equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief).

(n) Withdrawal
Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) the Transaction Documents,
whenever any Buyer exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company or any Subsidiary does
not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Buyer may rescind or withdraw, in its sole
discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be), any relevant notice, demand
or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

(o) Payment
Set Aside; Currency. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Buyer hereunder or pursuant to any of the
other Transaction Documents or any of the Buyers enforce or exercise their rights hereunder or thereunder, and such payment or payments
or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential,
set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver
or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable
cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall
be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are in United
States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents shall
be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount
in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation to any amount
of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Agreement, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall
Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation.

28 

(p) Judgment
Currency.

(i) If
for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this
Section 9(p) referred to as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in U.S. Dollars under this Agreement, the
conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Trading Day immediately preceding:

(A) the
date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of New York or in the courts of any other jurisdiction
that shall give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

(B) the
date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which
such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 9(p)(i)(B) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion
Date).

(ii) If
in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 9(p)(i)(B) above, there is a change in the
Exchange Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party
shall pay such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange
Rate prevailing on the date of payment, shall produce the amount of U.S. Dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment
Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

(iii) Any
amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained
for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

(q) Independent
Nature of Buyers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Buyer under the Transaction Documents are several and not
joint with the obligations of any other Buyer, and no Buyer shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of
any other Buyer under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by
any Buyer pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Buyers as, and the Company acknowledges that the Buyers do not
so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the
Buyers are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity, and the Company shall not assert any such claim with respect to such
obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or any matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Buyers
are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The decision of each Buyer to purchase Securities pursuant to the Transaction Documents has
been made by such Buyer independently of any other Buyer. Each Buyer acknowledges that no other Buyer has acted as agent for such Buyer
in connection with such Buyer making its investment hereunder and that no other Buyer shall be acting as agent of such Buyer in connection
with monitoring such Buyers investment in the Securities or enforcing its rights under the Transaction Documents. The Company
and each Buyer confirms that each Buyer has independently participated with the Company and its Subsidiaries in the negotiation of the
transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Buyer shall be entitled to independently protect
and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of any other Transaction Documents,
and it shall not be necessary for any other Buyer to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of
a single agreement to effectuate the purchase and sale of the Securities contemplated hereby was solely in the control of the Company,
not the action or decision of any Buyer, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and its Subsidiaries and not because
it was required or requested to do so by any Buyer. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement
and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company, each Subsidiary and a Buyer, solely, and not between the Company,
its Subsidiaries and the Buyers collectively and not between and among the Buyers.

[Signature
pages follow.]

29 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Agreement to be duly executed as
of the Subscription Date.

COMPANY:

ROADZEN
INC. 

By: /s/
Rohan Malhotra 

Name: Rohan
Malhotra 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Agreement to be duly executed as
of the Subscription Date.

BUYER: 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

ANY
TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING SECTION 3(c)(iii) AND SECTION 18(a) HEREOF.
THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS
SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(c)(iii) OF THIS NOTE.

THIS
NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT. PURSUANT TO TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1), A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY,
SHALL, BEGINNING NO LATER THAN TEN (10) DAYS AFTER THE ISSUANCE DATE OF THIS NOTE, PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO THE HOLDERS UPON REQUEST
THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED IN TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1)(i). 

ROADZEN
INC.

JUNIOR
CONVERTIBLE NOTE

Issuance
Date: April 1, 2025 Original
Principal Amount: $2,300,000

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Roadzen Inc., a BVI business company limited by shares incorporated with limited liability in the British Virgin
Islands (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of [], or its registered assigns (the Holder)
the amount set forth above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion
or otherwise, the Principal) and all interest accrued hereunder (Interest) at the Interest
Rate (as defined below) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below), on any Installment Date (as defined below) with
respect to the Installment Amount (as defined below) due on such Installment Date, or upon acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise
(in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below), to pay Interest
on any outstanding Principal at the Default Rate (as defined below), from the date set forth above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance
Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date, on any Installment Date with respect to the
Installment Amount due on such Installment Date, or upon acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance
with the terms hereof). This Junior Convertible Note (including all Junior Convertible Notes issued in exchange, transfer or replacement
hereof, this Note) is one of several Junior Convertible Notes issued pursuant to (a) that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Subscription Date),
by and among the Company and the investors referred to therein, as amended from time to time (collectively, the Notes,
and such other Convertible Notes, the Other Notes), and (b) the Companys registration statement on Form S-3
(File No. 333-282966).

Certain
capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 31 and capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

1. PAYMENT
OF INSTALLMENT AMOUNTS, PRINCIPAL.

(a) On
each Installment Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder the Installment Amount in cash.

(b) On
the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest
(including Default Interest, if applicable).

2. INTEREST;
INTEREST RATE.

(a) This
Note was issued with an original issue discount as described in the Securities Purchase Agreement. This Note shall bear interest at the
rate of sixteen percent (16%) per annum (the Interest Rate) except upon the occurrence (and during the continuance)
of an Event of Default, in which case this Note shall bear interest at a rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum (the Default
Rate and all such Interest accrued at the Default Rate, the Default Interest) of the then-outstanding
Principal. In the event that such Event of Default is subsequently cured or waived in accordance with the terms of this Note (and no
other Event of Default then exists (including, without limitation, as a result of the Companys failure to pay Interest at the
Default Rate on the applicable Interest Date in connection with such Event of Default)), Interest hereunder at the Default Rate shall
cease to accrue as of the calendar day immediately following the date on which such Event of Default is cured or waived (and shall instead
revert to the Interest Rate); provided that the Interest as calculated and unpaid during the continuance of such Event of Default
shall continue to apply to the extent relating to the days after the occurrence of such Event of Default through and including the date
of such cure or waiver of such Event of Default.

1 

(b) Interest
on this Note shall commence accruing on the Issuance Date. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day
months. Interest shall be due and payable upon the entire Original Principal Amount through and including the Maturity Date (including
any extensions thereof).

3. CONVERSION
OF NOTES. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note shall be convertible into Ordinary Shares on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Section 3.

(a) Conversion
Right. Subject to the provisions of Section 3(d), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be
entitled to convert all or any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as defined below) into validly issued, fully
paid, and non-assessable Ordinary Shares in accordance with Section 3(c), at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The Company
shall not issue any fraction of an Ordinary Share upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of
an Ordinary Share, the Company shall round such fraction of an Ordinary Share up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any
and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer
Agent (as defined below)) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Ordinary Shares upon conversion of any Conversion
Amount.

(b) Conversion
Rate. The number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section 3(a) shall be determined
by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price (the Conversion Rate).

(i) Conversion
Amount means the sum of (x) the portion of the Principal to be converted, redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this
determination is being made, (y) the Make-Whole Amount, if any (and without duplication of the Interest set forth in subsection (z) of
this provision) and (z) all accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to such portion of such Principal, if any.

(ii) Conversion
Price means, as of any Conversion Date (as defined below) or other date of determination, $2.00, subject to adjustment as
provided herein.

(c) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) Holder
Optional Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into Ordinary Shares on any date (a Conversion Date),
the Holder shall deliver (whether via electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date,
a copy of an executed conversion notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Conversion Notice)
to the Company. If required by Section 3(c)(iii), within two (2) Trading Days following a conversion of this Note, the Holder
shall surrender this Note to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company (or an indemnification undertaking
with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction as contemplated by Section 18(b)). On or before the first
(1st) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, the Company shall transmit via electronic mail an
acknowledgment of receipt of such Conversion Notice to the Holder and the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent),
and instruct the Transfer Agent to process such Conversion Notice in accordance with the terms herein and provide confirmation as to
whether such Ordinary Shares may then be resold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act (Rule 144) or an effective
registration statement. On or before the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received a Conversion
Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the Exchange Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement
of a trade initiated on the applicable Conversion Date of such Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant to such Conversion Notice) (the Share
Delivery Deadline), the Company shall (I) if the Transfer Agent is participating in The Depository Trust Companys (DTC)
Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (FAST), credit such aggregate number of Ordinary Shares to which the
Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Holders (or its designees) account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal
at Custodian system, or (II) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, upon the request of the Holder, issue and deliver (via
nationally recognized overnight delivery service) to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in
the name of the Holder (or its designee), evidencing the number of Ordinary Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to
such conversion. If this Note is physically surrendered for conversion pursuant to Section 3(c)(iii) and the outstanding Principal
is greater than the Principal portion of the Conversion Amount being converted, then the Company shall, as soon as practicable, and in
no event later than two (2) Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its
designee) a new Note (in accordance with Section 18(d)) representing the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person or Persons
entitled to receive the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder
or holders of such Ordinary Shares on the Conversion Date. In the event of a partial conversion of this Note pursuant hereto, the Principal
amount converted shall be deducted from the next successive Installment Amount(s) following the Conversion Date.

2 

(ii) Companys
Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery
Deadline, either (I)(1) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, to issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a certificate
for the number of Ordinary Shares to which the Holder is entitled and register such Ordinary Shares on the Companys share register
or, (2) if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, to credit the account of the Holder (or its designee) with DTC for such number
of Ordinary Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion of this Note, as the case may be, or (II) if the
registration statement covering the issuance of the Ordinary Shares that are the subject of the Conversion Notice (the Unavailable
Conversion Shares) is not available for the issuance of such Unavailable Conversion Shares and the Company fails to promptly
(x) so notify the Holder and (y) deliver the Ordinary Shares electronically without any restrictive legend by crediting such aggregate
number of Ordinary Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Holders (or its designees)
account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system (the event described in the immediately foregoing clause (II) is
hereinafter referred to as a Notice Failure and together with the event described in clause (I) above, a Conversion
Failure), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (1) the Company shall pay in cash to the Holder
on each day after such Share Delivery Deadline that the issuance of such Ordinary Shares is not timely effected an amount equal to 0.05%
of the product of (x) the sum of the number of Ordinary Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline and
to which the Holder is entitled, multiplied by (y) any trading price of the Ordinary Shares selected by the Holder in writing as in effect
at any time during the period beginning on the applicable Conversion Date and ending on the applicable Share Delivery Deadline, and (2)
the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void its Conversion Notice with respect to, and retain or have returned (as the case
may be) any portion of this Note that has not been converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice, provided that the voiding of a Conversion
Notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant
to this Section 3(c)(ii) or otherwise. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline either (A)(1)
if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a certificate
and register such Ordinary Shares on the Companys share register or, (2) if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, the Transfer
Agent shall fail to credit the account of the Holder (or its designee) with DTC for the number of Ordinary Shares to which the Holder
is entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder or pursuant to the Companys obligation pursuant to clause (II) below,
or (B) a Notice Failure occurs, and if on or after such Share Delivery Deadline the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) Ordinary Shares corresponding to all or any portion of the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon such conversion that the
Holder is entitled to receive from the Company and has not received from the Company in connection with, or as a result of, such Conversion
Failure or Notice Failure, as applicable (a Buy-In), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder,
the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the Holders request and in the Holders sole discretion,
either: (I) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and
other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased (including, without limitation, by any other Person in respect,
or on behalf, of the Holder) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to so issue and deliver
such certificate (and to issue such Ordinary Shares), or credit the account of such Holder (or its designee) with DTC for the number
of Ordinary Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such
Ordinary Shares) shall terminate, or (II) promptly honor its obligation to so issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate representing
such Ordinary Shares or credit the account of such Holder (or its designee) with DTC for the number of Ordinary Shares to which the Holder
is entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess
(if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (x) such number of Ordinary Shares multiplied by (y) the lowest Closing Sale Price of
the Ordinary Shares on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Conversion Notice and ending on the
date of such issuance and payment under this clause (II) (the Buy-In Payment Amount). Nothing in this Section
3(c)(ii) shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, whether at law or in equity,
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure
to timely deliver a certificate representing Ordinary Shares, or to electronically deliver such Ordinary Shares, upon the conversion
of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

3 

(iii) Registration;
Book-Entry. The Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses
of the holders of each Note and the principal amount of the Notes held by such holders (the Registered Notes). The
entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and the holders of the Notes
shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Note for all purposes (including, without limitation,
the right to receive payments of Principal, Make-Whole Amount and Interest hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. A Registered
Note may be assigned, transferred or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon its
receipt of a written request to assign, transfer or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the holder thereof, the Company shall
record the information contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate principal amount
as the principal amount of the surrendered Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 18, provided
that if the Company does not so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of all or part of any Registered Note within
two (2) Business Days of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer
or sale (as the case may be). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 3, following conversion of any
portion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company
unless (A) the full Conversion Amount represented by this Note is being converted (in which event this Note shall be delivered to the
Company following conversion thereof as contemplated by Section 3(c)(i)), or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior
written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this
Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records confirming the Principal, Make-Whole Amount and Interest converted and/or paid
(as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) or shall use such other method, reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion. If the Company does
not update the Register to record such Principal, Make-Whole Amount and Interest converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates
of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) within two (2) Business Days of such occurrence, then the Register shall be
automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence.

(iv) Pro
Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event that the Company receives a Conversion Notice from more than one holder of Notes for the
same Conversion Date and the Company can convert some, but not all, of such portions of the Notes submitted for conversion, the Company,
subject to Section 3(d), shall convert from each holder of Notes electing to have Notes converted on such date a pro rata amount
of such holders portion of its Notes submitted for conversion based on the principal amount of Notes submitted for conversion
on such date by such holder relative to the aggregate principal amount of all Notes submitted for conversion on such date. In the event
of a dispute as to the number of Ordinary Shares issuable to the Holder in connection with a conversion of this Note, the Company shall
issue to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 23.

4 

(d) Limitations
on Conversions (Maximum Percentage). The Company shall not effect the conversion of any portion of this Note, and the Holder shall
not have the right to convert any portion of this Note pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Note and any such conversion shall
be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder together with the
other Attribution Parties collectively would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the
Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate
number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and the other Attribution Parties shall include the number of Ordinary Shares
held by the Holder and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect
to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude Ordinary Shares which would be issuable upon (A) conversion
of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (B)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any convertible notes, convertible preferred shares or warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any other Attribution Party subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section 3(d). For purposes of this Section
3(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. For purposes of determining
the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares the Holder may acquire upon the conversion of this Note without exceeding the Maximum Percentage,
the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Annual Report on
Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K, or other public filing with the SEC, as the case may be, (y)
a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (z) any other more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent, if
any, setting forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding (the Reported Outstanding Share Number). If the Company
receives a Conversion Notice from the Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding Ordinary Shares is less than the Reported
Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall notify the Holder in writing of the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding and, to the
extent that such Conversion Notice would otherwise cause the Holders beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section
3(d), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of Ordinary Shares to be purchased
pursuant to such Conversion Notice. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall, within
one (1) Business Day of such request, via electronic mail to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. In any case,
the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Note, by the Holder and any other Attribution Party since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share
Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of Ordinary Shares to the Holder upon conversion of this Note results in the Holder
and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number
of outstanding Ordinary Shares (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued by which the Holders
and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares)
shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder shall not have the power to vote or transfer the Excess
Shares. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, the Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage
to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99% as specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase in the Maximum Percentage
shall not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such increase
or decrease shall apply only to the Holder and the other Attribution Parties and not to any other holder of Notes that is not an Attribution
Party of the Holder. For purposes of clarity, the Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant to the terms of this Note in excess of the Maximum
Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule
16a-1(a)(1) of the Exchange Act. No prior inability to convert this Note pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability
of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of convertibility. The provisions of this paragraph
shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 3(d) to the
extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or any portion of this paragraph) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 3(d) or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of
this Note.

4. RIGHTS
UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT.

(a) Event
of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default and each of the events in clauses
(vii), (viii) and (ix) shall constitute a Bankruptcy Event of Default:

(i) the
suspension from trading or the failure of the Ordinary Shares to be listed for trading on an Eligible Market for a period of five (5)
consecutive Trading Days;

5 

(ii) the
Companys (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure by delivery of the required number of Ordinary Shares within five (5) Trading
Days after the applicable Conversion Date or (B) notice, written or oral, to any holder of the Notes, including, without limitation,
by way of public announcement or through any of its agents, at any time, of its intention not to comply, as required, with a request
for conversion of any Notes into Ordinary Shares that is requested in accordance with the provisions of the Notes, other than pursuant
to Section 3(d);

(iii) except
to the extent the Company is in compliance with Section 10(b) below, at any time following the fifteenth (15th) consecutive
day that the Holders Authorized Share Allocation (as defined in Section 10(a) below) is less than the sum of the number
of Ordinary Shares that the Holder would be entitled to receive upon a conversion of the full Conversion Amount of this Note (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in Section 3(d) or otherwise);

(iv) the
Companys failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Installment Amount, Principal, Make-Whole Amount, Interest or other amounts
when and as due under this Note (including, without limitation, the Companys failure to pay any redemption payments or amounts
hereunder) or any other Transaction Document (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or any other agreement, document, certificate
or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, which failure remains uncured for
a period of at least ten (10) Trading Days;

(v) the
Company fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate, or any Ordinary Shares issued to the Holder upon conversion of any
Notes acquired by the Holder under the Securities Purchase Agreement as and when required by such Notes or the Securities Purchase Agreement,
and any such failure remains uncured for at least ten (10) Trading Days;

(vi) the
occurrence of any acceleration prior to maturity of at least an aggregate of $500,000 of Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
other than with respect to any Other Notes;

(vii) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against
the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within
forty-five (45) days of their initiation;

(viii) the
commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the
consent by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking
reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to
the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or
the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the
Company or any Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial
Code foreclosure sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

(ix) the
entry by a court of (A) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary
or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar
law, (B) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving
as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company
or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or (C) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document appointing
a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree, order,
judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed and in effect for a forty-five
(45) consecutive days;

6 

(x) a
final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $500,000 are rendered against the Company and/or any of
its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within forty-five (45) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed
pending appeal, or are not discharged within forty-five (45) days after the expiration of such stay;

(xi) the
Company and/or any Subsidiary, individually or in the aggregate, either (i) fails to pay, when due, or within any applicable grace period,
any payment with respect to any Indebtedness in excess of $500,000 due to any third party or is otherwise in breach or violation
of any agreement for monies owed or owing in an amount in excess of $500,000, which breach or violation permits the other party
thereto to declare a default or otherwise accelerate amounts due thereunder, or (ii) suffer to exist any other circumstance or event
that would, with or without the passage of time or the giving of notice, result in a default or event of default under any agreement
binding the Company or any Subsidiary, which default or event of default would or is likely to have a material adverse effect on the
business, assets, operations (including results thereof), liabilities, properties, condition (including financial condition) or prospects
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, individually or in the aggregate;

(xii) reserved;

(xiii) other
than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 4(a), the Company or any Subsidiary breaches any representation
or warranty, or any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document, subject to any applicable grace period set forth
therein, where any such breach (A) if curable, is not cured within ten (10) Trading Days following the Companys receipt of written
notice thereof and (B) would result in a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement);

(xiv) a
false or inaccurate representation or certification by the Company as to whether any Event of Default has occurred;

(xv) any
breach by the Company or any Subsidiary of, or failure to comply with, any provision of Section 13 of this Note, where any such
breach, if curable, is not cured within five (5) Trading Days following the Companys receipt of written notice thereof;

(xvi) any
Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) occurs;

(xvii) any
provision of any Transaction Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be
valid and binding on or enforceable against the parties thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any
party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having jurisdiction
over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or the Company or any Subsidiary shall deny in writing
that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Transaction Document; or

(xviii) any
Event of Default (as defined in the Other Notes) occurs with respect to any Other Notes.

7 

(b) Event
of Default Notice; Redemption or Conversion Upon Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that is continuing
with respect to this Note (or any Other Note), the Company shall, within one (1) Business Day deliver written notice thereof via electronic
mail and overnight courier to the Holder (an Event of Default Notice). At any time after the earlier of the Holders
receipt of an Event of Default Notice and the Holder becoming aware of an Event of Default, until five (5) Trading Days after such Event
of Default has been cured, the Holder may (i) either require the Company to redeem all or any portion of this Note by delivering written
notice thereof (the Event of Default Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Event of Default Redemption Notice
shall indicate the portion of this Note the Holder is electing to redeem (the Event of Default Redemption Amount),
(ii) or, solely in the case of an Event of Default arising from the Companys failure to pay to the Holder any Installment Amount
when and as due under this Note, convert all or any portion of this Note by delivering a Conversion Notice to the Company pursuant to
the procedure set forth in Section 3(c)(i), at a price equal to the Event of Default Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Section 4(b), the Holder shall be entitled to convert all or any portion of this Note pursuant to Section
3. The portion of this Note subject to redemption by the Company as set forth in the Event of Default Redemption Notice pursuant
to this Section 4(b) shall be redeemed by the Company at the Redemption Price. Event of Default Conversion Price
means, with respect to any Event of Default, ninety percent (90%) of the lowest VWAP of the Ordinary Shares during the ten (10) consecutive
Trading Day period (the Event of Default Measuring Period) ending and including the Trading Day immediately preceding
the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable Conversion Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b). All such determinations shall be appropriately
adjusted for any share dividend, share split, share combination, share division, reclassification, bonus share issuance or similar transaction
that proportionately decreases or increases the Ordinary Shares during such Event of Default Measuring Period. Redemptions required by
this Section 4(b) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 11. Conversions required to be made by this
Section 4(b) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 3. To the extent redemptions required by this Section
4(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of this Note by the Company, such redemptions
shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(b), but subject to the
beneficial ownership limitation in Section 3(d), until the Redemption Price is paid in full, the Conversion Amount submitted for
redemption under this Section 4(b) (together with any Make-Whole Amount) may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder
into Ordinary Shares pursuant to the terms of this Note. Any redemption of this Note upon an Event of Default shall not constitute an
election of remedies by the Holder, and all other rights and remedies of the Holder shall be preserved.

(c) Mandatory
Redemption Upon Bankruptcy Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and notwithstanding any conversion
that is then required or in process, upon any Bankruptcy Event of Default, whether occurring prior to or following the Maturity Date,
the Company shall immediately pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest
(including Default Interest, as applicable) and Make-Whole Amount, in addition to any and all other amounts due hereunder, without the
requirement for any notice or demand or other action by the Holder or any other person or entity, provided that the Holder may, in its
sole discretion, waive such right to receive payment upon a Bankruptcy Event of Default, in whole or in part, and any such waiver shall
not affect any other rights of the Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such Bankruptcy Event of Default, any right
to conversion, and any right to payment of any Redemption Price, as applicable.

5. RIGHTS
UPON FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.

(a) Assumption;
Redemption. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity (if other than
the Company) assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 5(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder
and approved by the Holder (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) prior to such Fundamental Transaction,
including agreements to deliver to each Holder, in exchange for such Notes, a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Notes, including, without limitation, having a principal amount and interest
rate equal to the Principal then outstanding and the Interest Rate of the Notes held by the Holder, having similar conversion rights
as the Notes and having similar ranking and security to the Notes, and the Successor Entity (or its Parent Entity, as applicable) is
a publicly traded corporation whose shares of common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market, or (ii) at or prior
to the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, the Company redeems the Notes in full by paying to the Holder an amount in cash representing
all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest (including Default Interest, as applicable) and Make-Whole Amount in accordance
with the provisions of Section 8(g). Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, if this Note is not redeemed in full,
the Successor Entity (if other than the Company) shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental
Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead
to the Successor Entity (if other than the Company)), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the
obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been
named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, if this Note is not redeemed in full, the Successor Entity
(if other than the Company) shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon conversion or redemption of this
Note at any time after the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the Ordinary Shares (or other securities, cash, assets
or other property (except for such items issuable under Sections 6 and 15, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter))
issuable upon the conversion or redemption of the Notes prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of the publicly traded shares
of common stock (or their equivalent) of the Successor Entity (or its Parent Entity, as applicable) (if other than the Company) which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had this Note been converted immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note), as adjusted in accordance with
the provisions of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to
the Company to waive this Section 5(a) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption or redemption of this Note.
The provisions of this Section 5 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied
without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note.

8 

(b) Notice
of a Change of Control; Redemption Right. No later than ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control (the
Change of Control Date), but not prior to the public announcement of such Change of Control, the Company shall deliver
written notice thereof via electronic mail or overnight courier to the Holder (a Change of Control Notice). At any
time during the period beginning after the Holders receipt of a Change of Control Notice or the Holder becoming aware of a Change
of Control if a Change of Control Notice is not delivered to the Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (as applicable)
and ending ten (10) Trading Days after the later of (A) the date of consummation of such Change of Control, (B) the date of receipt of
such Change of Control Notice or (C) the date of the announcement of such Change of Control, the Holder may require the Company to redeem
all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (Change of Control Redemption Notice) to the
Company, which Change of Control Redemption Notice shall indicate the Conversion Amount the Holder is electing to redeem. The portion
of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5 shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to the
Redemption Price. Redemptions required by this Section 5 shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 11
and shall have priority to payments to shareholders in connection with such Change of Control. To the extent redemptions required by
this Section 5(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of this Note by the Company,
such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5, but
subject to Section 3(d), until the applicable Redemption Price is paid in full, the Conversion Amount submitted for redemption
under this Section 5(b) may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into Ordinary Shares pursuant to Section 3.

6. RIGHTS
UPON CERTAIN CORPORATE EVENTS.

(a) Reserved.

(b) Certain
Corporate Events. In addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental
Transaction pursuant to which holders of Ordinary Shares are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange
for Ordinary Shares (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure that the Holder
shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon a conversion of this Note, at the Holders option (i) in addition to the Ordinary
Shares receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which the Holder would have been entitled with respect to
such Ordinary Shares had such Ordinary Shares been held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without taking into
account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note pursuant to Section 3(d) or otherwise), or (ii) in
lieu of the Ordinary Shares otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of Ordinary
Shares in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as the Holder would have been entitled to receive
had this Note initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to Ordinary Shares) at a conversion
rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Rate. Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form
and substance satisfactory to the Holder. The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Corporate
Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of this Note.

9 

7. RIGHTS
UPON ISSUANCE OF OTHER SECURITIES.

(a) Record
Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders of Ordinary Shares for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive a dividend
or other distribution payable in Ordinary Shares, Options or Convertible Securities, or (B) to subscribe for or purchase Ordinary Shares,
preferred shares of the Company, Options, or Convertible Securities, then such record date shall be deemed to be the date of the issuance
or sale of the Ordinary Shares deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution
or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

(b) Adjustment
of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Ordinary Shares. Without limiting any provision of Section 6, Section
7(a) or Section 15, if the Company at any time on or after the Subscription Date subdivides (by any share split, share dividend,
share combination, share division, recapitalization, bonus share issuance or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its outstanding
Ordinary Shares into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall be proportionately
reduced. Without limiting any provision of Section 6, Section 7(a) or Section 15, if the Company at any time on
or after the Subscription Date combines (by any share split, share dividend, share combination, share division, recapitalization, bonus
share issuance or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its outstanding Ordinary Shares into a smaller number of shares,
the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately increased. Any adjustment pursuant to this
Section 7(b) shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such share split, share dividend, share combination,
shave division, bonus share issuance or similar transaction. If any event requiring an adjustment under this Section 7(b) occurs
during the period that a Conversion Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Conversion Price shall be adjusted appropriately
to reflect the occurrence of such event.

(c) Reserved.

(d) Reserved.

(e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable.
The number of Ordinary Shares outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company,
and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Ordinary Shares.

(f) Voluntary
Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time during the term
of this Note, with the prior written consent of the Required Holders (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), reduce (but not
increase) the then current Conversion Price of each of the Notes to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board
of directors of the Company.

8. REDEMPTION.

(a) Reserved.

(b) Reserved.

(c) Reserved.

(d) Reserved.

(e) Deferred
Installment Amount. Subject to the provisions of Section 8(g), the Holder may, at its option and in its sole discretion, during
any period commencing on an Installment Date and ending on the Trading Day immediately prior to the next Installment Date, at one or
more times during such period, but not exceeding an amount equal to three (3) aggregate payments of the Installment Amount, deliver a
written notice to the Company no later than the Trading Day immediately prior to the applicable Installment Date electing to have the
payment of all or any portion of an Installment Amount payable on such Installment Date deferred (such amount deferred, the Deferral
Amount, and such deferral, each a Deferral) until any subsequent Installment Date selected by the Holder,
in its sole discretion, in which case, the Deferral Amount shall be added to, and become part of, such subsequent Installment Amount
and such Deferral Amount shall continue to accrue Interest hereunder. Any notice delivered by the Holder pursuant to this Section
8(e) shall set forth (i) the Deferral Amount and (ii) the date that such Deferral Amount shall now be payable.

10 

(f) Holder
Optional Redemption; Subsequent Placement. Subject to the provisions of this Section 8(f), if, at any time while this Note
is outstanding, the Company shall carry out one or more Subsequent Placements, the Holder shall have the right to require the Company
to first use up to 25% of the net proceeds of such Subsequent Placement to redeem all or a portion of this Note in cash at the Redemption
Price applicable to the principal amount subject to the Holder Optional Redemption plus and any other amounts, if any, then owing to
the Holder in respect of this Note (a Holder Optional Redemption). The Company shall deliver notice to the Holder
of the Subsequent Placement at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the closing of the Subsequent Placement (Pre-Notice),
which Pre-Notice shall ask such Holder if it wants to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Holder
Optional Redemption Notice and the date such Holder Optional Redemption Notice is deemed delivered hereunder, the Holder
Optional Redemption Notice Date). If the Holder exercises its right herein to require a Holder Optional Redemption by delivering
written notice to the Company within ten (10) Trading Days of the Holder Optional Redemption Notice Date, the Company shall effect the
Holder Optional Redemption and pay the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder on or prior to the tenth (10th) Trading Day following
the consummation of the Subsequent Placement (the Holder Optional Redemption Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Section 8(f) shall not apply with respect to Excluded Securities, except that no securities issued in a Variable Rate Transaction
(as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) shall be Excluded Securities unless otherwise expressly stated in the Transaction Documents.

(g) Company
Optional Redemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, at any time and from time to time the Company shall have
the right to redeem all or any portion of the Conversion Amount then remaining under this Note (the Company Optional Redemption
Amount) on the Company Optional Redemption Date (defined below) (a Company Optional Redemption). The
portion of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 8(g) shall be redeemed by the Company in cash, at the Redemption
Price of the Conversion Amount being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date. The Company may exercise its right to require
redemption under this Section 8(g) by delivering a written notice thereof by electronic mail or overnight courier to the Holder
(the Company Optional Redemption Notice and the date the Holder receives such notice is referred to as the Company
Optional Redemption Notice Date). The Company may deliver only one Company Optional Redemption Notice in any twenty (20) Trading
Day period and any such Company Optional Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. The Company Optional Redemption Notice shall (x) state
the date on which the Company Optional Redemption shall occur (the Company Optional Redemption Date) which date
shall be at least five (5) Trading Days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date, and (y) state the Conversion Amount of
the Note which is being redeemed in such Company Optional Redemption Amount on the Company Optional Redemption Date. All Conversion Amounts
converted by the Holder after the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date shall reduce the Company Optional Redemption Amount of this
Note required to be redeemed on the Company Optional Redemption Date. Redemptions made pursuant to this Section 8(g) shall be
made in accordance with Section 11.

9. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company shall not, by amendment of its Charter (as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement), Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance
or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and shall at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and
take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of this Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
or any other provision of this Note or the other Transaction Documents, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any Ordinary
Shares receivable upon conversion of this Note above the Conversion Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Ordinary Shares
upon the conversion of this Note. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if after sixty (60) days following the Issuance Date,
the Holder is not permitted to convert this Note in full for any reason (other than pursuant to restrictions set forth in Section
3(d) hereof), the Company shall use its best efforts to promptly remedy such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such
consents or approvals as necessary to permit such conversion into Ordinary Shares.

11 

10. RESERVATION
OF AUTHORIZED SHARES.

(a) Reservation.
So long as any Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall at all times keep available at least 200% of the number of Ordinary Shares
as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of all of the Notes then outstanding (without regard to any limitations
on conversions and assuming such Notes remain outstanding until the Maturity Date) at the Event of Default Conversion Price then in effect
(the Required Reserve Amount). The Required Reserve Amount (including, without limitation, each increase in the
number of shares so reserved) shall be allocated pro rata among the holders of the Notes based on the Original Principal Amount of the
Notes held by each Holder on the Issuance Date or increase in the number of authorized shares, as the case may be (the Authorized
Share Allocation). In the event that a Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such holders Notes, each transferee
shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Holders Authorized Share Allocation. Any Ordinary Shares allocated to any Person
which ceases to hold any Notes shall be allocated to the remaining holders of Notes, pro rata based on the principal amount of the Notes
then held by such holders.

(b) Insufficient
Authorized Shares. If, notwithstanding Section 10(a), and not in limitation thereof, at any time while any of the Notes remain
outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares to satisfy its obligation for issuance
upon conversion of the Notes at least a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share
Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized Ordinary
Shares to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to maintain the Required Reserve Amount for the Notes then outstanding. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but
in no event later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its
shareholders or directors (as applicable) for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized Ordinary Shares. In connection
with such shareholder meeting, the Company shall provide each shareholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit
its shareholders approval of such increase in authorized Ordinary Shares and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the
shareholders that they approve such proposal. In the event that the Company is prohibited from issuing Ordinary Shares pursuant to the
terms of this Note due to the failure by the Company to have sufficient Ordinary Shares available out of the authorized but unissued
Ordinary Shares (such unavailable number of Ordinary Shares, the Authorized Failure Shares), in lieu of delivering
such Authorized Failure Shares to the Holder, the Company shall pay cash in exchange for the redemption of such portion of the Conversion
Amount convertible into such Authorized Failure Shares at a price equal to the sum of (i) the product of (x) such number of Authorized
Failure Shares and (y) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Ordinary Shares on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the
date the Holder delivers the applicable Conversion Notice with respect to such Authorized Failure Shares to the Company and ending on
the Trading Day immediately prior to the date the Company makes the entire payment required to be made under this Section 10(b);
and (ii) to the extent the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Ordinary Shares to deliver in satisfaction of
a sale by the Holder of Authorized Failure Shares, any brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, of the Holder
incurred in connection therewith. Nothing contained in this Section 10 shall limit any obligations of the Company under any provision
of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

11. REDEMPTIONS.

(a) Mechanics.
The Company shall deliver the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder in cash within five (5) Business Days after the Companys
receipt of the Holders Event of Default Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 4(b). If the Holder has submitted
a Change of Control Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 5(b), the Company shall deliver the applicable Redemption Price
to the Holder in cash concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control if such notice is received prior to the consummation
of such Change of Control, and within five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt of such notice otherwise. The Company
shall deliver the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder in cash on the applicable Company Optional Redemption Date in accordance
with Section 8(g). If the Holder has elected optional redemption pursuant to Section 8(f) in response to its receipt of
the Holder Optional Redemption Notice, the Company shall deliver the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder in cash on the applicable
Holder Optional Redemption Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in connection with any redemption hereunder at a time
the Holder is entitled to receive a cash payment under any of the other Transaction Documents, at the option of the Holder delivered
in writing to the Company, the applicable Redemption Price hereunder shall be increased by the amount of such cash payment owed to the
Holder under such other Transaction Document and, upon payment in full or conversion in accordance herewith, shall satisfy the Companys
payment obligation under such other Transaction Document. In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Conversion Amount of this
Note, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 18(d))
representing the outstanding Principal which has not been redeemed. In the event that the Company does not pay the applicable Redemption
Price to the Holder within the time period required, at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such unpaid Redemption Price in
full, the Holder shall have the option, in lieu of redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any portion
of this Note representing the Conversion Amount that was submitted for redemption (or for which the Company elected optional redemption)
and for which the applicable Redemption Price has not been paid. Upon the Companys receipt of such notice, (x) the applicable
Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to such Conversion Amount, (y) the Company shall immediately return this Note,
or issue a new Note (in accordance with Section 18(d)), to the Holder, and in each case the principal amount of this Note or such
new Note (as the case may be) shall be increased by an amount equal to the difference between (1) the applicable Redemption Price (as
the case may be, and as adjusted pursuant to this Section 11, if applicable) minus (2) the Principal portion of the Conversion
Amount submitted for redemption. The Holders delivery of a notice voiding a Redemption Notice and exercise of its rights following
such notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments of Make-Whole Amount which have accrued prior to the
date of such notice with respect to the Conversion Amount subject to such notice.

12 

(b) Redemption
by Other Holders. Upon the Companys receipt of notice from any of the holders of the Other Notes for redemption or repayment
(each, an Other Redemption Notice), the Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Business Day of its receipt
thereof, forward to the Holder via electronic mail a copy of such notice. If the Company receives a Redemption Notice and one or more
Other Redemption Notices, during the seven (7) Business Day period beginning on and including the date which is two (2) Business Days
prior to the Companys receipt of the Holders applicable Redemption Notice and ending on and including the date which is
two (2) Business Days after the Companys receipt of the Holders applicable Redemption Notice and the Company is unable
to redeem all principal, interest and other amounts designated in such Redemption Notice and such Other Redemption Notices received during
such seven (7) Business Day period, then the Company shall redeem a pro rata amount from each holder of the Notes (including the Holder)
based on the principal amount of the Notes submitted for redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notice and such Other Redemption Notices
received by the Company during such seven (7) Business Day period.

12. VOTING
RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by law and as expressly provided
in this Note.

13. COVENANTS.
Until all of the Notes have been converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance with their terms:

(a) Rank.
All payments due under this Note shall (i) rank pari passu with all Other Notes and (ii) be junior to all other Indebtedness of
the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Subscription Date (such other Indebtedness, the Senior Indebtedness).
If at any point in the future, non-senior, unsecured Indebtedness not prohibited under any Transaction Document is obtained by the Company,
this Note shall be pari passu in its position among all creditors with respect to such Indebtedness.

(b) Reserved.

(c) Reserved.

(d) Restricted
Payments. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, redeem, defease,
repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part, whether by way
of open market purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness (other than the Notes
and the Senior Indebtedness) whether by way of payment in respect of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on, such Indebtedness
if at the time such payment is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such payment, (i) an event constituting an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) an event that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(e) Restriction
on Redemption and Cash Dividends. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or
indirectly, redeem, repurchase or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on any of its shares if at the time such payment is
due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such payment, (i) an event constituting an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
or (ii) an event that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

13 

(f) Reserved.

(g) Reserved.

(h) Reserved.

(i) Preservation
of Existence, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its material Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve,
its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its material Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified
and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction
of its business makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(j) Reserved.

(k) Reserved.

(l) Reserved.

(m) Reserved.

(n) Restricted
Issuances. The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the holders of a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, (i) issue any Notes (other than as contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement
and the Notes) or (ii) issue any other securities that would cause a breach or default under the Notes.

14. INTENTIONALLY
OMITTED.

15. INTENTIONALLY
OMITTED.

16. AMENDING
THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. Except for Section 3(d), which may not be amended, modified or waived by the parties hereto,
the prior written consent of the Holder shall be required for any change, waiver or amendment to this Note.

17. TRANSFER.
This Note and any Ordinary Shares issued upon conversion of this Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder
without the consent of the Company, subject only to the provisions of Section 2(g) of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

18. REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company shall forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 18(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a
new Note (in accordance with Section 18(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder
and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3(c)(iii) following
conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal
stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence),
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Note (in accordance with Section 18(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

14 

(c) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 18(d) and in principal amounts of at least $1,000) representing
in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note shall represent such portion of such outstanding Principal
as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(d) Issuance
of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be
of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or
in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 18(a) or Section 18(c), the Principal designated by the Holder
which, when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal
remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated
on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as
this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Make-Whole Amount and Interest on the Principal from the Issuance Date.

19. REMEDIES,
CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative
and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual
and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure on the part of the Holder
to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single
or partial exercise by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any
of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity.
The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided
herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall
be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of
the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder shall cause irreparable
harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event
of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance
and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such
case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information
and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the
terms and conditions of this Note (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 7).

20. PAYMENT
OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS. If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement
or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note
or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings
affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the
Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding,
including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no amounts
due under this Note shall be affected, or limited, by the fact that the purchase price paid for this Note was less than the original
Principal amount hereof.

15 

21. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed
against any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of,
or affect the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include
the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include
and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which
they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note. Terms used in this Note and
not otherwise defined herein, but defined in the other Transaction Documents, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing
Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

22. FAILURE
OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 22 shall permit any waiver
of any provision of Section 3(d).

23. DISPUTE
RESOLUTION.

(a) Submission
to Dispute Resolution.

(i) In
the case of a dispute relating to a Closing Bid Price, a Closing Sale Price, a Conversion Price, a VWAP or a fair market value or the
arithmetic calculation of a Conversion Rate, or the applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be) (including, without limitation,
a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute
to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances
giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute.
If the Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Closing Bid Price, such Closing Sale Price,
such Conversion Price, such VWAP or such fair market value, or the arithmetic calculation of such Conversion Rate or such applicable
Redemption Price (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or
the Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option,
select an independent, reputable investment bank to resolve such dispute.

(ii) The
Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance
with the first sentence of this Section 23 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute,
in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which
the Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being
understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute
Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and
hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such
dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to
such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Holder
or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written
documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

(iii) The
Company and the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the Holder
of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and expenses
of such investment bank shall be borne solely by the Company, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final
and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

16 

(b) Miscellaneous.
The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 23 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company
and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under 7501, et seq. of the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules (CPLR)
and that the Holder is authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to CPLR 7503(a) in order to compel compliance
with this Section 23, (ii) a dispute relating to a Conversion Price includes, without limitation, disputes as to (A) whether an issuance
or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Ordinary Shares occurred under Section 7(a), (B) the consideration per share at which an
issuance or deemed issuance of Ordinary Shares occurred, and (C) whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes and
Option or Convertible Security, (iii) the terms of this Note and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis
for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby
expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made
by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply
such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Note and any other applicable Transaction Documents, (iv) the Holder
(and only the Holder), in its sole discretion, shall have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 23 to any
state or federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section
23 and (v) nothing in this Section 23 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies
(including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 23).

24. NOTICES;
CURRENCY; PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with
Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken
pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company shall give written notice to the Holder immediately upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting
forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment, provided in each case that such information shall be
made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.

(b) Currency.
All dollar amounts referred to in this Note are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under
this Note shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar
equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation
to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Note, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the
Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed that where an amount is calculated with reference
to, or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such period of time).

(c) Payments.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein,
such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by a certified check drawn on the account of the Company and
sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing (which address, in
the case of each of the Holders, shall initially be as set forth on the Schedule of Buyers attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement),
provided that the Holder may elect to receive a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company
with prior written notice setting out such request and the Holders wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to
be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding
day which is a Business Day.

25. CANCELLATION.
After all Principal, accrued Interest, Make-Whole Amount and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this
Note shall automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

26. WAIVER
OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and
all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note and the Securities
Purchase Agreement.

17 

27. GOVERNING
LAW. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to
any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause
the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Except as otherwise required by Section 23,
the Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum
or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein (i) shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or
taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder,
to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the
Holder or (ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 23. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The choice of the laws of the State of New York as the governing
law of this Note is a valid choice of law and would be recognized and given effect to in any action brought before a court of competent
jurisdiction under New York law except for those laws (i) which such court considers to be procedural in nature, (ii) which are revenue
or penal laws or (iii) the application of which would be inconsistent with public policy, as such term is interpreted under the laws
of the State of New York. The Company or any of their respective properties, assets or revenues does not have any right of immunity under
New York law, from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from the giving of any relief in any such legal action, suit or proceeding,
from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of New York or United States federal court, from service of process, attachment upon
or prior to judgment, or attachment in aid of execution of judgment, or from execution of a judgment, or other legal process or proceeding
for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement of a judgment, in any such court, with respect to its obligations, liabilities or
any other matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Note; and, to the extent that the Company, or any of its properties,
assets or revenues may have or may hereafter become entitled to any such right of immunity in any such court in which proceedings may
at any time be commenced, the Company hereby waives such right to the extent permitted by law and hereby consents to such relief and
enforcement as provided in this Note and the other Transaction Documents

28. JUDGMENT
CURRENCY.

(a) If
for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert
into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 28 referred to as the Judgment Currency)
an amount due in U.S. dollars under this Note, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Trading Day immediately
preceding:

(i) the
date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of New York or in the courts of any other jurisdiction
that shall give effect to such conversion being made on such date; or

(ii) the
date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which
such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 28(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion
Date).

(b) If
in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 28(a)(ii) above, there is a change in the
Exchange Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party
shall pay such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange
Rate prevailing on the date of payment, shall produce the amount of US dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment
Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

(c) Any
amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained
for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Note.

18 

29. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of
the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

30. MAXIMUM
PAYMENTS. Without limiting Section 9(d) of the Securities Purchase Agreement, nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to establish or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the
event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed the maximum permitted by such law, any payments
in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

31. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly
or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the shares having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(b) Approved
Share Plan means any share incentive plan or other benefit plan which has been approved by the board of directors of the Company
prior to or subsequent to the Subscription Date, which provides for the grant of equity awards to any employee, consultant, officer or
director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

(c) Attribution
Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including, any funds, feeder
funds or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Issuance Date, directly or indirectly managed or advised by the
Holders investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder or any
of the foregoing, (iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder or any of the foregoing
and (iv) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Ordinary Shares would or could be aggregated with the Holders
and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to
collectively subject the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(d) Bloomberg
means Bloomberg, L.P.

(e) Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

(f) Change
of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its, direct or indirect, wholly-owned
Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the Ordinary
Shares in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly,
are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power
to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such
reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, or (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing
the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

19 

(g) Closing
Bid Price and Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing bid price and
last closing trade price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market
begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price (as the case may
be) then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by
Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing
bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security
is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively,
of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no
closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the
ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such security as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the Closing Bid Price or the
Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Bid Price or the
Closing Sale Price (as the case may be) of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company
and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall
be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 23. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share
splits, share dividends, share combinations, share divisions, recapitalizations, bonus share issuances or other similar transactions
during such period.

(h) Closing
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement, which date is the date the Company initially issued
Notes pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(i) Convertible
Securities means any shares or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any Ordinary
Shares.

(j) Current
Subsidiary means any Person in which the Company, as of the Subscription Date, directly or indirectly, (i) owns any of the
outstanding shares or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person, or (ii) controls or operates all or any part of the business,
operations or administration of such Person, and all of the foregoing, collectively, Current Subsidiaries.

(k) Eligible
Market means the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, The New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American, or any successor to any of the foregoing.

(l) Excluded
Securities means (i) Ordinary Shares or standard Options or other rights to purchase or acquire Ordinary Shares to directors,
officers, consultants or employees of the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved Share Plan (as defined below), provided
that (A) all such issuances (taking into account the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such Options) after the Subscription Date
pursuant to this clause do not, in the aggregate, exceed ten percent (10%) of the Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Subscription Date, and (B) the exercise price of any such Options is not lowered, none of such Options are amended to increase
the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such Options are otherwise materially changed in
any manner that adversely affects any of the Buyers (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement); (ii) Ordinary Shares issued upon
the conversion or exercise of Convertible Securities (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or Options (other than standard
Options to purchase Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to an Approved Share Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) issued prior to the
Subscription Date, provided that the conversion, exercise, or other method of issuance (as the case may be) of any such Convertible Security
or Option is made solely pursuant to the conversion, exercise, or other method of issuance (as the case may be) provisions of such Convertible
Security or Option that were in effect on the date immediately prior to the Subscription Date, the conversion, exercise, or issuance
price of any such Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard Options to purchase Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to an Approved
Share Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) is not lowered, none of such Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard
Options to purchase Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to an Approved Share Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are amended to increase
the number of shares issuable thereunder, and none of the terms or conditions of any such Convertible Securities or Options (other than
standard Options to purchase Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to an Approved Share Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are otherwise
materially changed in any manner that adversely affects any of the Buyers; (iii) the Conversion Shares; and (iv) securities issued pursuant
to acquisitions, divestitures, licenses, partnerships, collaborations, or strategic transactions approved by the Companys board
of directors or a majority of the members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, provided that any such issuance shall
only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an asset
in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment
of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

20 

(m) Fundamental
Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise,
in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation)
another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or
assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more
Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject to or have its Ordinary
Shares be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders
of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares, (y) 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares calculated as if any Ordinary
Shares held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender
or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of Ordinary Shares such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated
with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined
in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares, or (iv) consummate a share purchase agreement
or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, acquire, either (x) at least 50%
of the outstanding Ordinary Shares, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares calculated as if any Ordinary Shares held by
all the Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such share purchase agreement
or other business combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of Ordinary Shares such that the Subject Entities become collectively
the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares, or (v) reorganize,
recapitalize or reclassify its Ordinary Shares, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates
or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to
be or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, whether through
acquisition, purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding Ordinary Shares, merger, consolidation,
business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding
Ordinary Shares, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares not held
by all such Subject Entities as of the date of this Note calculated as if any Ordinary Shares held by all such Subject Entities were
not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares or
other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction
requiring other shareholders of the Company to surrender their Ordinary Shares without approval of the shareholders of the Company or
(C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance
of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of
this definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

(n) Group
means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(o) Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(p) Initial
Installment Date means the date that is three (3) calendar months from the Issuance Date of this Note.

21 

(q) Installment
Amount means the sum of (A) (i) with respect to any Installment Date other than the Maturity Date, the lesser of (x) 25% of
the Original Principal Amount and (y) the Principal amount then outstanding under this Note as of such Installment Date, and (ii) with
respect to the Installment Date that is the Maturity Date, the Principal amount then outstanding under this Note as of such Installment
Date (in each case, as any such Installment Amount may be reduced pursuant to the terms of this Note, whether upon conversion or redemption),
(B) any Deferral Amount deferred pursuant to Section 8(e) and included in such Installment Amount in accordance therewith and
(C) in each case of clauses (A) through (B) above, the sum of any accrued and unpaid Interest as of such Installment Date under this
Note, if any, and Make-Whole Amount under this Note as of such Installment Date. In the event the Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer
any portion of this Note, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of the unpaid Installment Amount hereunder.

(r) Installment
Date means (A) with respect to the first such date, the Initial Installment Date, and (B) with respect to all such dates subsequent
to the Initial Installment Date, the date that is three (3) calendar months from the previous Installment Date until the Maturity Date.

(s) Interest
Date means, with respect to any given calendar month ending after the Issuance Date and prior to the Maturity Date, the first
Trading Day of such calendar month.

(t) Make-Whole
Amount means, as of any given date and in connection with any conversion, redemption or other repayment hereunder, an amount
equal to the amount of additional Interest that would accrue under this Note at the Interest Rate then in effect assuming for calculation
purposes that the Principal of this Note as of the Issuance Date remained outstanding through and including the Maturity Date.

(u) Maturity
Date shall mean the first anniversary of the Issuance Date.

(v) New
Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, any Person in which the Company, following the Subscription Date, directly
or indirectly, (i) owns or acquires any of the outstanding shares or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or (ii) controls
or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and all of the foregoing, collectively, New
Subsidiaries.

(w) Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase Ordinary Shares or Convertible Securities.

(x) Ordinary
Shares means (i) the Companys ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii) any shares into which such ordinary
shares shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such ordinary shares.

(y) Parent
Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose shares of common
stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity,
the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(z) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity, or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(aa) Principal
Market means The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

(bb) Redemption
Notices means, collectively, the Change of Control Redemption Notices, the Company Optional Redemption Notices, the Event
of Default Redemption Notices, and the Holder Optional Redemption Notices, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption
Notice.

(cc) Redemption
Price means, with respect to the redemption of all or any portion of this Note, an amount equal to (i) 100% multiplied by
(ii) the sum of the Principal amount being redeemed, plus accrued but unpaid Interest thereon (including Default Interest, if any), plus
the Make-Whole Amount, if any.

22 

(dd) SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(ee) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(ff) Securities
Purchase Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Subscription Date, by and among the Company
and the initial Holders pursuant to which the Company issued the Notes, as may be amended from time to time.

(gg) Subsidiaries
means, as of any date of determination, collectively, all Current Subsidiaries and all New Subsidiaries, and each of the foregoing, individually,
a Subsidiary.

(hh) Subject
Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(ii) Subsequent
Placement means any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Share Equivalents for
cash consideration, Indebtedness or a combination of units thereof from the date hereof until this Note is no longer outstanding, in
a bona fide capital raise, including any at-the-market offering.

(jj) Successor
Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental
Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been
entered into.

(kk) Trading
Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the Ordinary Shares,
any day on which the Ordinary Shares are traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market
for the Ordinary Shares, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Ordinary Shares are then traded,
provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Ordinary Shares are scheduled to trade on such exchange
or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Ordinary Shares are suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on
such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or
market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing
by the Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations other than price determinations relating to the Ordinary Shares, any day on which
The New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for trading of securities.

(ll) Transaction
Documents shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(mm) VWAP
means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the
Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time,
as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does
not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board
for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest
closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc.
If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date
shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree
upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 23.
All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend, share split, share combination, share division, recapitalization,
bonus share issuance or other similar transaction during such period.

23 

32. DISCLOSURE.
Upon delivery by the Company to the Holder (or receipt by the Company from the Holder) of any notice in accordance with the terms of
this Note, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public
information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:30 am, New York city time on the Business
Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form
8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice (or immediately upon receipt
of notice from the Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice (or notification from the
Company immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder), the Holder shall be entitled to presume that information contained in the
notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

33. ABSENCE
OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent of
the Company and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company
or (b) refrain from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement
signed by an officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such
an executed, written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by
the Company, may possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any
such information to any third party.

[Signature
Page Follows]

24 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Convertible Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

ROADZEN
INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Junior Convertible Note]

25 

EXHIBIT
I

ROADZEN
INC.

CONVERSION
NOTICE

Reference
is made to the Junior Convertible Note (the Note) issued to the undersigned by Roadzen Inc., a BVI business company
limited by shares incorporated with limited liability in the British Virgin Islands (the Company). In accordance
with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Note) of the Note indicated
below into ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), of the Company, as of the date specified
below. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Note.

Date
of Conversion: 

Aggregate
Principal to be converted: 

Aggregate
accrued and unpaid Interest (including Default Interest, if applicable) and Make-Whole Amount with respect to such portion of the
Aggregate Principal and such Aggregate Interest and Aggregate Make-Whole Amount to be converted: 

Aggregate
Conversion Amount to be Converted: 

Please
confirm the following information: 

Conversion
Price: 

Number
of Ordinary Shares to be issued: 

Please
issue the Ordinary Shares into which the Note is being converted to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check
here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue
to: _______________________

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at
Custodian as follows:

DTC Participant: 

DTC Number: 

Account Number: 

Date:
__________ __, ____

[Name
of Registered Holder]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID: 

E-Mail Address: 

26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex5-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rdzn-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rdzn-20250331_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>rdzn-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>rdzn-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41094

Entity Registrant Name ROADZEN
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001868640

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1600102

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code D8

Entity Address, Address Line One 111
Anza Blvd

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
109

Entity Address, City or Town Burlingame

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94010

City Area Code 347

Local Phone Number 745-6448

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, par value
$0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol RDZN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each warrant exercisable
for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol RDZNW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RDZN_OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RDZN_WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneOrdinaryShareEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://roadzen.ai/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
rdzn-20250331.xsd 
rdzn-20250331_def.xml 
rdzn-20250331_lab.xml 
rdzn-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002155-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001868640 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

0001868640 

RDZN:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

0001868640 

RDZN:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneOrdinaryShareEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001868640 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
ROADZEN INC. 
D8 
001-41094 
98-1600102 
111 Anza Blvd 
Suite 109 
Burlingame 
CA 
94010 
347 
745-6448 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
RDZN 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
RDZNW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>