<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-068758.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-068758.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331161233
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-068758
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Open Lending Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001806201
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				845031428
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39326
		FILM NUMBER:		25793362

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1501 S. MOPAC EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE #450
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78746
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-892-0400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1501 S. MOPAC EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE #450
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78746

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nebula Parent Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200310
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d901006d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Open Lending Corpfalse000180620100018062012025-03-312025-03-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

OPEN LENDING CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39326 84-5031428

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1501 S. MoPac Expressway

Suite 450

Austin, Texas78746

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 512-892-0400

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share LPRO The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Executive Transition 

On March 31, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Open Lending Corporation (the Company) announced that the Board has appointed Jessica Buss as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective immediately. Charles D. Jehl will continue to serve as the interim Chief Financial Officer during a transitionary period and will remain a non-employee member of the Board following such transitionary period. The Board is conducting a comprehensive search process to identify a permanent Chief Financial Officer. On March 31, 2025 the Board also appointed Michelle Glasl as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, effective immediately. 

Jessica Buss, age 54, previously served as the CEO of Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd. a subsidiary of Brookfield Wealth Solutions Ltd. (NYSE, TSX: BNT), a leading capital solutions business providing insurance and reinsurance services to individuals and institutions. She was previously the president, U.S. insurance, of Argo prior to its acquisition by Brookfield Re from August 2022 until November 2023. Prior to joining Argo, she was President and CEO of GuideOne Insurance Company from 2017 until her resignation in April 2022 and, prior to that, she was senior vice president Commercial and Specialty Lines at State Auto Insurance Companies. Jessica held several other positions during her tenure at State Auto, including chief operating officer and chief financial officer of the companys specialty subsidiary, and senior vice president of Specialty. Prior to joining State Auto, Jessica was a member of a three-person team that raised the capital for the formation and start-up operations of Rockhill Holdings, a niche property and casualty business that was purchased by State Auto in 2009. She was also CFO for Citizens Property Insurance Corporation. In 2016, Jessica was named one of Insurance Business Elite Women of the Year. Jessica has bachelors degree in accounting from the University of Wisconsin and Master of Business Administration from the University of Florida. 

Ms. Buss does not have any family relationship with any director or executive officer of the Company or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer, there is no arrangement or understanding between her and any other person(s) pursuant to which she was selected as an officer, and she has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Michele Glasl, age 54, also joins Open Lending from Argo Group, where she has served as Head of Operations since 2022. As Head of Operations, she oversaw information technology, security, operations and communications. Ms. Glasl previously served as SVP of Strategy and Business Development at Argo Group. Prior to that, she served as Chief Information Officer at GuideOne Insurance from June 2017 to June 2022. She previously served as Vice President of Technology at State Auto from February 2009 to June 2017. Ms. Glasl has a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee. 

Ms. Glasl does not have any family relationship with any director or executive officer of the Company or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer, there is no arrangement or understanding between her and any other person(s) pursuant to which she was selected as an officer, and she has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

The Company has entered into its standard form of officer indemnification agreement with Ms. Buss and Ms. Glasl, the form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2020. 

On March 31, 2025, the Company issued a press release in connection with the foregoing transitions. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report on Form 8-K.

1 

Employment Agreement with Ms. Buss 

In connection with Ms. Buss appointment, on March 31, 2025, the Company and Ms. Buss entered into an employment agreement (the CEO Employment Agreement). Pursuant to the CEO Employment Agreement, Ms. Buss will serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and executive chairman of the Board. 

Pursuant to the CEO Employment Agreement, Ms. Buss will be paid an annual base salary of $800,000 and will be eligible to receive an annual cash incentive bonus with a target opportunity of 100% of her base salary and a maximum opportunity of 150% of her base salary, based on the attainment of performance measures established by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board. In the event of a change in control of the Company, Ms. Buss will be eligible to receive a prorated annual cash incentive bonus at the greater of the target or actual level of performance as of the date of the change in control. The CEO Employment Agreement provides that Ms. Buss will be granted an initial long-term incentive award of 4,776,000 time-based stock options, which will be subject to the Companys 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and underlying award agreement. Such stock options will vest in equal installments on each of the first five (5) anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to Ms. Buss continued employment or service through each such vesting date. In the event Ms. Buss is terminated by the Company without cause or she resigns for good reason immediately prior to, or on or within the 12-month period following a change in control of the Company, then her stock options will accelerate and vest. Ms. Buss was also granted a cash sign-on bonus in the amount of $400,000, which is subject to repayment if Ms. Buss is terminated by the Company for cause within the twelve (12) months following Ms. Buss employment commencement date. The repayment obligation will lapse upon the earlier of the twelve (12) month anniversary of her employment commencement date, her termination by the Company without cause, her death or disability or upon the occurrence of a change in control. 

In addition, the CEO Employment Agreement provides upon Ms. Buss termination of employment from the Company for good reason or a termination of employment by the Company without cause, in either case, other than immediately prior to, on or within 12 months following a change in control of the Company, Ms. Buss will be eligible to receive continued payment of her then-current base salary for 24 months (and if such termination occurs following the conclusion of the performance period applicable to annual cash incentive compensation, then the annual cash incentive compensation she would have received had she been employed by the Company on the payment date) and up to 18 months of subsidized COBRA coverage. The CEO Employment Agreement further provides that if such termination of employment occurs immediately prior to, on or within 12 months following a change in control of the Company, Ms. Buss will be eligible to receive (i) a lump-sum equal to two times the sum of (x) her then-current base salary plus (y) her annual incentive bonus based on the attainment of the actual level of performance as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board immediately prior to the date of the change in control and extrapolated for the remainder of the fiscal year in which the change in control occurs or, if higher, Ms. Buss target annual cash incentive bonus for the then current year if such termination of employment occurs during the first half of the year, and (ii) up to 18 months of subsidized COBRA coverage. 

The foregoing severance benefits are subject to the execution and nonrevocation of a release of claims in favor of the Company and continued compliance with post-termination restrictive covenants. The CEO Employment Agreement provides that if Ms. Buss receives any amount, whether under the CEO Employment Agreement or otherwise, that is subject to the excise tax imposed pursuant to Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, the amount of the payments to be made to the participant will be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid imposition of the excise tax, but only if the net amount of the reduced payments exceeds the net amount that Ms. Buss would receive following imposition of the excise tax and all income and related taxes. 

The foregoing description of the CEO Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the CEO Employment Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated herein by reference. 

2 

Transition Agreement with Mr. Jehl 

The Company and Mr. Jehl entered into a transition services agreement (the TSA), dated as of March 31, 2025, in which Mr. Jehl will provide transition services to the Company as interim Chief Financial Officer. 

The TSA provides that the term of Mr. Jehls services will continue through the ninetieth (90th) day following March 31, 2025, or if earlier, upon Mr. Jehls termination of employment by the Company for any reason, Mr. Jehls termination of employment for good reason, or due to Mr. Jehls termination of employment as a result of his death or disability. Following Mr. Jehls departure date, he will no longer be an employee of the Company but will remain a non-employee member of the Board. Mr. Jehl will be eligible to receive the severance pay and benefits provided under Section 4(c) of his amended and restated employment agreement, as previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K on September 11, 2024. Mr. Jehl will also be eligible to receive (i) accelerated vesting of the currently unvested 210,084 restricted stock units granted on March 22, 2024, in accordance with the terms of the equity award agreement, (ii) accelerated vesting of the unvested 109,809 time-based restricted stock units that would have vested had Mr. Jehls employment with the Company continued through October 31, 2025 and (iii) reimbursement of up to $10,000 in attorneys fees in connection with entering into the TSA. 

The foregoing description of the TSA is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the TSA, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Offer Letter with Ms. Glasl 

In connection with Ms. Glasls appointment, on March 31, 2025, the Company and Ms. Glasl entered into an offer letter (the COO Offer Letter). Pursuant to the COO Offer Letter, Ms. Glasl will serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company and will receive the following compensation and benefits: (i) annual base salary of $400,000, (ii) target annual cash performance bonus of 100% of her base salary, (iii) long-term incentive target award equal to 90% of her base salary and (iv) eligible to participate in the Companys group employee benefit plans in effect from time to time. Ms. Glasl was also granted a cash sign-on bonus in the amount of $100,000, which is subject to repayment if Ms. Glasl is terminated by the Company for cause within the twelve (12) months following Ms. Glasls employment commencement date. The repayment obligation will lapse upon the earlier of the twelve (12) month anniversary of her employment commencement date, her termination by the Company without cause, her death or disability or upon the occurrence of a sale event. 

The foregoing description of the COO Offer Letter is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the COO Offer Letter, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

10.1 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Jessica Buss, dated March 31, 2025. 

10.2 Transition Services Agreement by and between the Company and Charles D. Jehl, dated March 31, 2025. 

10.3 Offer Letter by and between the Company and Michelle Glasl, dated March 31, 2025. 

99.1 Press Release issued by the Company on March 31, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

OPEN LENDING CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Matthew S. Stark

Name: Matthew S. Stark

Title: Chief Legal and Compliance Officer

Date: March 31, 2025 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d901006dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This Employment Agreement (Agreement) is made by and between Open Lending Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and Jessica Buss (the Executive), and is effective as of March 31, 2025 (the Effective Date). 

WHEREAS, the Executive currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board); 

WHEREAS, in addition to the Executives continued service on the Board, the parties intend that Executive shall commence employment as
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective as of the Employment Commencement Date (as defined in Section 1(a) below) subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that upon the Employment Commencement Date, Executive will serve as an executive member of the
Board, and as such, will receive the compensation and benefits as set forth in this Agreement and will no longer be eligible to receive the compensation and benefits under the Companys Non-Employee
Director Compensation Policy, as amended; and 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive and the Executive desires to be
employed by the Company on the terms and conditions contained herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and
agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Employment. 

(a)
Term. The Company shall employ the Executive and the Executive shall be employed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement commencing as of the Employment Commencement Date and continuing until such employment is terminated in accordance with
the provisions hereof (the Term). For purposes of this Agreement the Employment Commencement Date means March 31, 2025. The Executives employment with the Company will be at will, meaning
that the Executives employment may be terminated by the Company or the Executive at any time and for any reason subject to the terms of this Agreement. 

(b) Position and Duties. During the Term, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as Interim
Chairman of the Board and shall have such powers and duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board; provided that such duties are consistent with the Executives position or other positions that the Executive may hold from time to
time. For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive shall not be entitled to Good Reason termination pursuant to Section 3(e) of this Agreement upon the appointment of a successor to Chairman of the Board. The Executive shall devote the
Executives full working time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may serve on other boards of directors, with the prior written approval of the Board, or engage in religious,
charitable or other community activities as long as such services and activities are 

disclosed to the Board and do not materially interfere with the Executives performance of the Executives duties or obligations to the Company (whether under this Agreement, the
Restrictive Covenants, any other agreement, applicable law or otherwise), as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. To the extent applicable, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all officer and board members positions that
the Executive holds with the Company or any or its respective subsidiaries and affiliates upon the termination of the Executives employment for any reason and by whichever party. The Executive shall execute any documents in reasonable form as
may be requested by the Company to confirm or effectuate any such resignations. 

(c) Principal Place of Employment. During the
Term, the Executive shall be permitted to work primarily on a remote basis from the Executives home office. The parties understand that given the nature of the Executives duties, the Executive will be required to travel and perform
services at other locations from time to time, as may be necessary or advisable to satisfactorily perform the Executives duties hereunder. 

2. Compensation and Related Matters. 

(a) Base Salary. The Executives initial base salary rate shall be based on the annualized rate of $800,000 per annum. The
Executives base salary may be subject to periodic review by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee). The Executives base salary in effect at any given time is referred to
herein as Base Salary. The Base Salary shall be payable in a manner that is consistent with the Companys usual payroll practices and schedule for senior executives. 

(b) Incentive Compensation. During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive cash incentive compensation as determined by
the Board or the Compensation Committee in its discretion. Commencing on the Employment Commencement Date (and including the 2025 fiscal year), the Executives target annual incentive compensation shall be one hundred percent (100%) of the
Executives Base Salary (the Target Incentive Compensation), with the opportunity to earn up to one hundred and fifty percent (150%) of the Executives Base Salary. The actual amount of the Executives annual
incentive compensation, if any, shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee, subject to the terms of any applicable incentive compensation plan that may be in effect from time to time; provided, that
the determination of the level of performance as to performance metrics that apply to each of the Executive and to the executive leadership team of the Company shall be determined uniformly. Except as otherwise provided herein or in any applicable
incentive compensation plan, to earn any incentive compensation in respect of a given calendar year, the Executive must be employed by the Company in good standing on the day such incentive compensation is paid; provided, however, that the
requirement to be employed on the date of payment is waived if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause as provided in Section 3(d) below or the Executive terminates the Executives employment for Good
Reason as provided in Section 3(e) below. Subject to the foregoing, annual incentive compensation in respect of a given calendar year shall be paid to the Executive no later than March 15 of the year following the year to which such annual
incentive compensation relates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control during the Term, the Company shall pay to the Executive, if then employed by the Company, a pro-rata portion
of the greater of the Target Incentive Compensation or the actual amount of the Executives annual bonus based on actual performance determined under the 

2 

terms of the Companys annual incentive program as then in effect, in each case with such pro-rata portion calculated by multiplying such incentive
for the year in which the Change in Control occurs by a number: (x) the numerator of which is the number of days worked by the Executive between and including January 1 of the fiscal year in which the Change in Control occurs and the date
on which the Change in Control occurs, and (y) the denominator of which is three hundred sixty five (365). 

(c) Expenses. The
Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive during the Term in performing services hereunder, in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the
Company for its senior executive officers. 

(d) Other Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in
or receive benefits under the Companys employee benefit plans in effect from time to time as well as any perquisites provided to the Companys executive officers, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans or arrangements. The
Companys employee benefit plans or arrangements may be modified or terminated at any time in the Companys sole discretion. 

(e) Paid Time Off. The Executive shall be entitled to paid time-off in accordance with the
Companys applicable paid time off/paid vacation policy for executives, as may be in effect and/or which may be modified or adjusted from time to time. The Executive shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by the Company to its
executives. Unless otherwise required by applicable Company policy or applicable law, any accrued unused vacation days or paid time off remaining at the end of a given year or when the Executives employment terminates shall be forfeited and
not paid out. 

(f) Initial Equity Award. On the Employment Commencement Date, the Company shall grant to the Executive an initial
long-term incentive award of 4,776,000 time-based stock options (the Initial Equity Award). The Initial Equity Award will be granted under the Companys 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and subject to the terms and
conditions of the applicable employee non-qualified stock option award agreement (including the per share exercise price as set forth in the non-qualified stock option
award agreement). The Initial Equity Award shall vest in equal installments on each of the first five (5) annual anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the Executives continued employment or service through each such date;
provided, however, that the Initial Equity Award shall fully vest if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause as provided in Section 3(d) below or the Executive terminates the Executives employment
for Good Reason as provided in Section 3(e) below and, in each case, the Date of Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period. 

(g) Sign-On Bonus. The Company shall grant a cash
sign-on bonus in the amount of $400,000, which shall be payable within ten (10) business days of the Employment Commencement Date (the Sign-On
Bonus).If Executives employment with the Company terminates due to Executives resignation or by the Company for Cause within the twelve (12) month period following the Employment Commencement Date, the Executive
agrees to repay the entire portion of the Sign-On Bonus to the Company (calculated on an after-tax basis) no later than ten (10) business days following such
termination of employment. The repayment obligation under this Section 2(g) shall lapse upon the earlier of (i) the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Employment Commencement Date, (ii) the Executives termination by the
Company without Cause, (iii) the Executives death or Disability or (iv) on or following the occurrence of a Change in Control, Executives termination of employment for Good Reason. 

3 

3. Termination. During the Term, the Executives employment hereunder may be
terminated without any breach of this Agreement under the following circumstances: 

(a) Death. The Executives employment
hereunder shall terminate upon the Executives death. 

(b) Disability. The Company may terminate the Executives
employment if the Executive experiences a Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Executive is disabled and unable to perform the essential functions of the Executives then existing position or
positions under this Agreement with or without reasonable accommodation for a period of 120 days (which need not be consecutive) in any 12-month period. If any question shall arise as to whether, during any
period, the Executive is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Executives then existing position or positions with or without reasonable accommodation, the Executive may, and at the request of the Company shall,
submit to the Company a certification in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Company to whom the Executive or the Executives guardian has no reasonable objection as to whether the Executive is so disabled or how long such
disability is expected to continue, and such certification shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, be deemed to be conclusive of the issue. The Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in connection with such
certification. If such question shall arise and the Executive shall fail to submit such certification, the Companys determination of whether the Executive is disabled shall be binding on the Executive. Nothing in this Section 3(b) shall
be construed to waive the Executives rights, if any, under existing law including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101
et seq. 

(c) Termination by Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment hereunder for
Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the following: (i) conduct by the Executive constituting a material act of misconduct in connection with the performance of the Executives duties,
including, without limitation, (A) willful failure or refusal to perform material responsibilities that have been requested by the Board, (B) dishonesty to the Board with respect to any material matter, or (C) misappropriation of
funds or property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates other than the occasional, customary and de minimisuse of Company property for personal purposes or an immaterial error on an expense report;
(ii) the commission by the Executive of, or plea of guilty or no lo contendere to, (A) any felony or (B) a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii) any conduct by the Executive, regardless of
whether or not in the course of the Executives employment, that would reasonably be expected to result in material injury or material reputational harm to the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates if the Executive were to continue
to be employed in the Executives position; (iv) continued unsatisfactory performance or non-performance by the Executive of the Executives duties hereunder (other than by reason of the
Executives physical or mental illness, incapacity or Disability) that has continued for more than 30 days following written notice of such unsatisfactory performance or non-performance from the Board
(provided that, in the case of continued unsatisfactory performance, no instance of 

4 

unsatisfactory performance shall be cumulative with a separate instance of unsatisfactory performance to the extent the prior instance was cured to the satisfaction of the Board); (v) a material
breach by the Executive of any of the provisions contained in Section 7 of this Agreement, the Restrictive Covenants (as defined below) or any other Continuing Obligations (as defined below); (vi) a breach by the Executive of any fiduciary duty
and/or duty of loyalty to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; (vii) a material violation by the Executive of the Companys written employment policies (including, but not limited to, any violation of any written equal
employment opportunity policy or any written policy prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation) or corporate governance policies; or (viii) the Executives failure to cooperate with a bona fide internal investigation or an
investigation by regulatory or law enforcement authorities after being instructed by the Company to cooperate, or the willful destruction or failure to preserve documents or other materials known to be relevant to such investigation or the
inducement of others to fail to cooperate or to produce documents or other materials in connection with such investigation. 

(d)
Termination by the Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment hereunder at any time without Cause. Any termination by the Company of the Executives employment under this Agreement that does not
constitute a termination for Cause under Section 3(c) and does not result from the death or Disability of the Executive under Section 3(a) or (b) shall be deemed a termination without Cause. 

(e) Termination by the Executive. The Executive may terminate the Executives employment hereunder at any time for any reason
including, but not limited to, Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean that the Executive has complied with and completed all steps of the Good Reason Process (hereinafter defined)
following the occurrence of any of the following events without the Executives consent (each a Good Reason Condition): (i) a material diminution in the Executives responsibilities, authority or duties (provided that
the Executive shall not be deemed to have a material diminution in the Executives responsibilities, authority or duties solely by reason of the Company ceasing to be a public company on or following the date of a Change in Control); (ii) a
diminution in the Executives Base Salary greater than five (5%), except for across-the-board salary reductions based on the Companys financial performance
similarly affecting all or substantially all senior management employees of the Company; (iii) a requirement that the Executive work primarily from an office or geographic location that is beyond a 50 mile radius from the office or geographic
location (including the Executives residence or other remote work location) at which the Executive primarily provides services to the Company; or (iv) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company. 

The Good Reason Process means and consists of the following steps: (i) the Executive reasonably determines in good faith that a Good
Reason Condition has occurred; (ii) the Executive notifies the Company in writing of Executive learning of the first occurrence of the Good Reason Condition within 60 days of the first occurrence of such condition; (iii) the Executive
cooperates in good faith with the Companys efforts, for a period of not less than 30 days following such notice (the Cure Period), to remedy the Good Reason Condition; (iv) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason
Condition continues to exist; and (v) the Executive terminates the Executives employment within 30 days after the end of the Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason Condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed
not to have occurred. 

5 

(f) Notice of Termination. Except for termination as specified in Section 3(a),
any termination of the Executives employment by the Company or any such termination by the Executive shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of
Termination shall mean a notice that shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement being relied upon. 

(g)
Date of Termination. Date of Termination shall mean: (i) if the Executives employment is terminated due to the Executives death, the date of the Executives death; (ii) if the Executives
employment is terminated on account of Disability under Section 3(b) or by the Company for Cause under Section 3(c), the date on which Notice of Termination is given; (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated by the
Company without Cause under Section 3(d), 30 days after the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or the date specified by the Company in the Notice of Termination provided it is more than 30 days after the date on which the Notice of
Termination is given; (iv) if the Executives employment is terminated by the Executive under Section 3(e) other than for Good Reason, 30 days after the date on which a Notice of Termination is given; and (v) if the
Executives employment is terminated by the Executive under Section 3(e) for Good Reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given after the end of the Cure Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Executive
gives a Notice of Termination to the Company, the Company may unilaterally accelerate the Date of Termination and such acceleration shall not resultin or constitute a termination by the Company for purposes of this Agreement; provided,
however, that in such event, the Company shall continue to pay the Executives Base Salary for such 30-day period in lieu of the Executives active employment during such period (or any portion
thereof as determined by the Company). 

4. Compensation Upon Termination. 

(a) Termination Generally. If the Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason and by whichever party, the
Company shall pay or provide to the Executive (or to the Executives authorized representative or estate) (i) any Base Salary earned but not yet paid through the Date of Termination; (ii) unpaid expense reimbursements (subject to, and
in accordance with, Section 2(c) of this Agreement); and (iii) any vested benefits the Executive may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company through the Date of Termination, which vested benefits shall be paid and/or provided
in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plans (collectively, the Accrued Benefits). 

(b)
Executives Death or Termination by Company as a Result of Executives Disability. If the Executive dies or the Executives employment hereunder is terminated by Company as a result of the Executives Disability, then, in
addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Executive shall be entitled to a pro rata portion of the Executives Target Incentive Compensation set forth in Section 2(b) hereof, based upon the number of days the Executive was employed during the
Companys fiscal year for which such Target Incentive Compensation is computed, to the extent the goals applicable to such Target Incentive Compensation are actually met for the fiscal year in question, which shall be payable at the same time
such Target Incentive Compensation would have been paid under Section 2(b) hereof. 

6 

(c) Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason Outside
the Change in Control Period. During the Term, if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause as provided in Section 3(d), or the Executive terminates the Executives employment for Good Reason as
provided in Section 3(e), each outside the Change in Control Period (as defined below), then, in addition to the Accrued Benefits, and subject to (i) the Executive signing, not revoking and complying with the separation agreement in
substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A, a reaffirmation of all of the Executives Continuing Obligations (as defined below), and shall provide that if the Executive materially breaches any of the Continuing Obligations and such
breach either is not or cannot be cured, all payments of the Severance Amount (as defined below) shall immediately cease (the Separation Agreement and Release) and (ii) the Separation Agreement and Release becoming effective
and irrevocable, all within 60 days after the Date of Termination (or such shorter period as set forth in the Separation Agreement and Release), the Company will pay or provide (as applicable) the following (collectively, the Severance Pay
and Benefits): 

(i) the Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to the sum of (x) twenty-four
(24) months of the Executives Base Salary and (y) if such termination occurs following the conclusion of the performance period applicable to the annual incentive compensation provided under Section 2(b), the annual incentive
compensation Executive would have received under Section 2(b) had Executive been employed by the Company on the payment date (collectively, the Severance Amount). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive materially
breaches any of the Continuing Obligations (as defined below), and such breach either is not or cannot be cured, all payments of the Severance Amount may be terminated by the Company without affecting the other provisions of the Separation Agreement
and Release; and 

(ii) if the Executive was participating in the Companys group health, dental and/or vision plans
immediately prior to the Date of Termination and properly elects to continue health coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA), then, subject to the Executives copayment of
the premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate, the Company shall pay to the group health plan provider, the COBRA provider or the Executive a monthly payment equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have
made to provide health insurance to the Executive if the Executive had remained employed by the Company until the earliest of the following: (i) the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Date of Termination; (ii) the Executives
eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employers group medical plan or otherwise through other employment; or (iii) the cessation of the Executives continuation coverage rights under COBRA. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the Company determines at any time that its payments pursuant to this paragraph may be taxable income to the Executive or that it cannot pay such amounts to the group health plan provider or the COBRA provider (if applicable) without
potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the Company may convert such payments to payroll payments directly to the Executive for the time period specified above;
and such payments shall be subject to tax-related deductions and withholdings and shall be paid on the Companys regular payroll dates. Any other premiums or costs of COBRA continuation coverage not
provided above (including, without limitation, for any COBRA coverage after the time period set forth above) shall be at the sole expense of the Executive. 

7 

(iii) The amounts payable under this Section 4(c) shall be paid out in
substantially equal installments in accordance with the Companys payroll practice over six (6) months commencing within 60 days after the Date of Termination; provided, however, that if the
60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, the Severance Amount shall begin to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such
60-day period; provided, further, that the initial payment shall include a catch-up payment to cover amounts retroactive to the day immediately following
the Date of Termination. The Company shall pay the amounts contemplated by Section 4(c)(ii) each month at the time the Company normally pays the Companys group health provider on behalf of its remaining active employees, except as
otherwise provided in Section 4(c)(ii) if such payments are made directly to the Employee. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-2(b)(2).

5. Change in Control Payment and Benefits. The provisions of
this Section 5 set forth certain terms of an agreement reached between the Executive and the Company regarding the Executives rights and obligations upon the occurrence of a Change in Control of the Company. These provisions are intended
to assure and encourage in advance the Executives continued attention and dedication to the Executives assigned duties and the Executives objectivity during the pendency and after the occurrence of any such event. The provisions of
this Section 5 shall apply in lieu of, and expressly supersede, the provisions of Section 4(c) if (i) the Executives employment is terminated either by the Company without Cause as provided in Section 3(d) or by the
Executive for Good Reason as provided in Section 3(e) and (ii) the Date of Termination occurs upon, immediately prior to or within twelve (12) months after the occurrence of the first event constituting a Change in Control (such
period, the Change in Control Period). These provisions of this Section 5 shall terminate and be of no further force or effect immediately after the end of the Change in Control Period. 

(a) Change in Control. During the Term, if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause as provided in
Section 3(d) or the Executive terminates the Executives employment for Good Reason as provided in Section 3(e) and in each case the Date of Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period, then, in addition to the Accrued
Benefits, and subject to the Executive signing, not revoking and complying with the Separation Agreement and Release and the Separation Agreement and Release becoming irrevocable, all within 60 days after the Date of Termination, the Company will
pay or provide (as applicable) the following (collectively, the Change in Control Payment and Benefits): 

(i) the Company shall pay the Executive a lump sum in cash in an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of (A) the
Executives then current Base Salary (or the Executives Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, if higher) plus (B) the Executives annual incentive bonus based on the attainment of the actual level of
performance as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee immediately prior to the date of the Change in Control and extrapolated for the remainder of the fiscal year in which the Change in Control occurs or, if higher, the Target
Incentive Compensation for the then current year if such termination of employment occurs during the first half of the year; and 

8 

(ii) if the Executive was participating in the Companys group health,
dental and/or vision plans immediately prior to the Date of Termination and properly elects to continue health coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA), then, subject to the
Executives copayment of premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate, the Company shall pay to the group health plan provider, the COBRA provider or the Executive a monthly payment equal to the monthly employer contribution
that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to the Executive if the Executive had remained employed by the Company until the earliest of the following: (i) the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Date of Termination;
(ii) the Executives eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employers group medical plan or otherwise through other employment; or (iii) the cessation of the Executives continuation coverage rights
under COBRA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines at any time that its payments pursuant to this paragraph may be taxable income to the Executive or that it cannot pay such amounts to the group health plan provider or the COBRA
provider (if applicable) without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the Company may convert such payments to payroll payments directly to the Executive for
the time period specified above; and such payments shall be subject to tax-related deductions and withholdings and shall be paid on the Companys regular payroll dates. Any other premiums or costs of
COBRA continuation coverage not provided above (including, without limitation, for any COBRA coverage after the time period set forth above) shall be at the sole expense of the Executive. 

(iii) The amounts payable under this Section 5(a) shall be paid or commence to be paid within 60 days after the Date of
Termination; provided, however, that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, such payment shall be paid or commence to be paid in the second calendar year by the
last day of such 60-day period. To the extent, if any, that provisions of this section affect the time or form of payment of any amount which constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under
Section 409A of the Code, then to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, if a Change in Control does not constitute a change in control event within the meaning of
Section 409A of the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(5) (or any successor thereto), the time and form (but not the amount) of payment shall be the time and form that would have been applicable in
the absence of a Change in Control. 

(b) Additional Limitation. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the amount of any compensation, payment or distribution by
the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, calculated in a manner consistent with Section 280G of the Code and the applicable
regulations thereunder (the Aggregate Payments), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Aggregate 

9 

Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the sum of all of the Aggregate Payments shall be $1.00 less than the amount at which the Executive becomes subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code; provided that such reduction shall only occur if it would result in the Executive receiving a higher After Tax Amount (as defined below) than the Executive would receive if the Aggregate Payments were
not subject to such reduction. In such event, the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced in the following order, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning with the Aggregate Payments that are to be paid the furthest in time from
consummation of the transaction that is subject to Section 280G of the Code: (1) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code; (2) cash payments subject to Section 409A of the Code; (3) equity-based payments
and acceleration; and (4) non-cash forms of benefits; provided that in the case of all the foregoing Aggregate Payments all amounts or payments that are not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg.
1.280G-1,Q&A-24(b) or (c) shall be reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas. Reg.
1.280G-1,Q&A- 24(b) or (c). 

(ii) For purposes of this Section 5(b), the After Tax Amount means the amount of the Aggregate Payments
less all federal, state, and local income, excise and employment taxes imposed on the Executive as a result of the Executives receipt of the Aggregate Payments. For purposes of determining the After Tax Amount, the Executive shall be deemed to
pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual
taxation in each applicable state and locality, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes that could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. 

(iii) The determination as to whether a reduction in the Aggregate Payments shall be made pursuant to Section 5(b)(i)
shall be made by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accounting Firm), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive within 15 business days of the Date
of Termination, if applicable, or at such earlier time as is reasonably requested by the Company or the Executive. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive, absent manifest error or omission. 

(c) Definitions. For purposes of this Section 5, the term Change in Control shall mean a Sale Event
as defined in the Companys 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 

6. Section 409A. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of the Executives separation from service within the
meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Company determines that the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B) (i) of the Code, then to the extent any payment or benefit that the
Executive becomes entitled to under this Agreement on account of the Executives separation from service would be considered deferred compensation otherwise subject to the twenty percent (20%) additional tax imposed pursuant to
Section 409A(a) of the Code as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such payment shall not be payable and such benefit shall 

10 

not be provided until the date that is the earlier of (A) six months and one day after the Executives separation from service, or (B) the Executives death. If any such
delayed cash payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in accordance with their original schedule. 

(b) All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall
be provided by the Company or incurred by the Executive during the time periods set forth in this Agreement. All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement be paid after the last day
of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses). This right to
reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

(c) To the extent that any payment or benefit described in this Agreement constitutes
non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent that such payment or benefit is payable upon the Executives termination of employment, then such
payments or benefits shall be payable only upon the Executives separation from service. The determination of whether and when a separation from service has occurred shall be made in accordance with the presumptions set forth in
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).

(d) The parties intend that this Agreement will be
administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments
hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). The
parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and
benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party. 

(e) The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have
no liability to the Executive or any other person if any provisions of this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the conditions of, such
Section. 

7. Restrictive Covenants and Continuing Obligations. For purposes of this Section 7, unless otherwise
expressly indicated, references to the Company shall include, individually and collectively, the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and its and their predecessors (including Lenders Protection, LLC and Open Lending LLC), successors and
assigns. For purposes of this Agreement, the Executives obligations, covenants and restrictions in this Section 7 and those that arise in any other agreement relating to (or containing provisions relating to) confidentiality, assignment
of inventions, non-competition,non-solicitation and/or any other restrictive covenants, 

11 

and/or that arise, under applicable law, shall collectively be referred to as the Continuing Obligations. For avoidance of doubt, this Section 7 is in addition to and
supplements (and is supplemented by) and does not supersede or limit (and is not superseded or limited by) any such other agreements and Continuing Obligations. 

(a) Proprietary Information. The Executive acknowledges, understands and agrees that, in the course of the Executives employment
the Executive will be informed of, provided with, utilize on the Companys behalf, develop and will have access to information concerning the Company and its businesses, customers, business relationships, plans, technology, trade secrets, and
financial, business and legal affairs which the Company has not released to the general public, is not generally known to the public or in the industry, has been and will be developed by the Company at great expense, is a valuable competitive asset
of the Company, constitutes a trade secret under applicable law and/or the disclosure of which or use of which (other than for the benefit of the Company) could result in a competitive disadvantage to the Company or otherwise could
negatively affect the Company (collectively, Proprietary Information). The Executive understands that all Proprietary Information (and all materials that constitute, comprise or contain such information) is and will be the
exclusive property of the Company. By way of illustration and not limitation, Proprietary Information includes such information and materials regarding or constituting: (i) corporate, legal and financial information, including plans,
strategies, developments, methods, policies, resolutions, negotiations, contracts, litigation, claims, performance data, debt arrangements, equity structure, investors and holdings, and purchasing, pricing and sales data; (ii) customer and
client information, including prices, terms and conditions of the Companys arrangements or contracts with its clients and customers, the identities, needs, preferences and requirements of the Companys clients and customers and their
use of the Companys systems, products and/or services, the nature, extent and particulars of the business dealings between the Company and its clients and customers, client and customer lists and contact information, and any other information
provided to the Company by its clients and customers under obligation of confidentiality; (iii) marketing and performance information, including strategies, methods, pricing policies and price lists, cost and performance data, financial
results, planning data, customers, clients and prospects contacts, lists and preferences, referral sources and information, vendor and supplier lists, contacts and preferences, and market or sales analyses, projections, reports, or forecasts;
(iv) operational, technological, product and service information, including plans, specifications, manuals, forms, templates, software, source code, object code, designs, research, developments, methods, procedures, formulas, algorithms,
discoveries, inventions, improvements, intellectual property, innovations, concepts, ideas, and system, product and/or service specifications, features, advantages, disadvantages and/or limitations; and (v) personnel information,
including personnel lists, reporting or organizational structure, resumes, personnel data, compensation structure, performance evaluations and termination arrangements or documents. Proprietary Information also includes (x) any and all
information received in confidence by the Company from its clients, customers, distributors or suppliers or other third parties; (y) any and all information which the Company instructs the Executive to keep confidential and/or not to discuss
with or disclose to anyone outside the Company (including customers); and (z) any and all information received in confidence by the Company from its customers or suppliers or other third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Proprietary
Information does not include any information that is in the public domain, unless due to breach of the Executives duties and restrictions under this Section 7 hereof or otherwise owing to the Company. 

12 

(b) Confidentiality. The Executive understands, acknowledges and agrees that the
Executives employment creates a relationship of confidence and trust between the Executive and the Company with respect to all Proprietary Information; and that the Company is hereby agreeing to provide the Executive with access Proprietary
Information as and in consideration of the Executives agreement to the Executives restrictions, covenants and obligations under this Section 7. At all times, both during and after the Executives employment with the Company,
the Executive will keep in confidence and trust all such Proprietary Information, and will not use or disclose any such Proprietary Information without the written consent of the Board, except as may be authorized by the Board or necessary in the
ordinary course of performing the Executives duties for the Company or as may be required by law or legal process. The Executive agrees to take reasonable security measures to prevent accidental or unauthorized use or disclosure of Proprietary
Information. 

(c) Documents, Records, and Other Company Property. All documents, records, files, data, computer files, software,
all copies of the foregoing (in any form or format, whether hard-copy, electronic, digital or otherwise), apparatus, computers, cell phones, tablets, personal data assistants (PDAs) and similar devices, equipment, keys, access cards, credit cards,
and other physical property, whether or not pertaining to, constituting or containing Proprietary Information, which are furnished to the Executive by the Company, to which the Executive otherwise has access, or which are produced by the Executive
in connection with the Executives employment are, will be and remain the sole property of the Company. The Executive will return to the Company all such materials and property (and all copies) as and when requested by the Company. In any
event, the Executive will return all such materials and property in the Executives possession, custody or control immediately upon any termination of the Executives employment for any reason (whether terminated by the Company or the
Executive). The Executive will not retain with the Executive any such material or property or any copies thereof after such termination except as expressly authorized by the Company in writing (signed by a duly authorized representative of the
Board). 

(d) Ownership and Assignment of Inventions and Developments. 

(i) The Executive has made and will make full and prompt disclosure to the Company of all inventions, discoveries, designs,
developments, methods, processes, modifications, improvements, algorithms, software code, databases, computer programs, formulae, techniques, trade secrets, graphics or images, audio or visual works, and other works of authorship (collectively
Developments), whether or not patentable or copyrightable, created, made, conceived or reduced to practice by the Executive (alone or jointly with others) or under the Executives direction during the Executives
employment with the Company (whether under this Agreement or any other prior or subsequent employment with the Company). The Executive acknowledges that all work performed by the Executive during the Executives employment or any other service
relationship with the Company has been, is and will be on a work for hire basis, and the Executive has assigned and hereby does assign and transfer (and to the extent any such assignment cannot be made at present, will and assign and
transfer) to the Company, its successors and assigns, all of the Executives right, title and interest in all Developments described above, that (A) relate to the business of the Company or any of the products, systems or services being
researched, developed, manufactured, marketed, provided or sold by the Company or 

13 

which may be used with such products, systems or services; or (B) result from tasks assigned or delegated to the Executive by the Company; or (C) result from the use of premises or
personal property (whether tangible or intangible) owned, leased or contracted for by the Company (Company-Related Developments), and all related patents, patent applications, trademarks and trademark applications, copyrights and
copyright applications, and other intellectual property rights in all countries and territories worldwide and under any international conventions (Intellectual Property Rights). 

(ii) To preclude any possible uncertainty, the Executive has set forth on Exhibit B a complete list of Developments that
the Executive has, alone or jointly with others, conceived, developed or reduced to practice prior to the commencement of the Executives employment or other service relationship with the Company that the Executive considers to be the
Executives property or the property of third parties and that the Executive wishes to have excluded from the scope of this Agreement (Prior Inventions). If disclosure of any such Prior Inventions would cause the Executive to
violate any prior confidentiality agreement, the Executive understands that the Executive is not to list such Prior Inventions in Exhibit B but is only to disclose a cursory name for each such invention, a listing of the party(ies) to whom it
belongs and the fact that full disclosure as to such inventions has not been made for that reason. The Executive has also listed on Exhibit B all patents and patent applications in which the Executive is named as an inventor, other
than those which have been assigned to the Company (Other Patent Rights). If no such disclosure is attached, the Executive represents that there are no Prior Inventions or Other Patent Rights. If, in the course of the
Executives employment with the Company, the Executive has incorporated or incorporates a Prior Invention into a Company product, process or machine or other work done for the Company, the Executive hereby grants to the Company a nonexclusive,
royalty-free, paid-up, irrevocable, worldwide license (with the full right to sublicense) to make, have made, modify, use, sell, offer for sale and import such Prior Invention. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Executive will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, Prior Inventions in any Company-Related Development without the Companys prior written consent (from a duly authorized member of the Board). 

(iii) This Agreement does not obligate the Executive to assign to the Company any Development which, in the sole judgment of
the Company reasonably exercised, was or is developed entirely on the Executives own time and does not relate to the business efforts or research and development efforts in which, during the period of the Executives employment (or other
relationship) with the Company, the Company actually is engaged or reasonably would be engaged, and does not result from the use of premises or equipment owned or leased by the Company. However, the Executive will also promptly disclose to the
Company any such Developments for the purpose of determining whether they qualify for such exclusion. The Executive understand that, to the extent this Agreement is required to be construed in accordance with the laws of any state which precludes a
requirement in an employee agreement to assign certain classes of inventions made by an employee, this Section 7 will be interpreted not to apply to any invention which a court rules and/or the Company agrees falls within such classes. The
Executive also hereby waives all claims to any moral rights or other special rights which the Executive may have or accrue in any Company-Related Developments. 

14 

(iv) Both during and after the Executives employment with the Company,
the Executive will cooperate fully with the Company with respect to the procurement, maintenance and enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights in Company-Related Developments. The Executive will sign, both during and after the Term, all papers,
including without limitation copyright applications, patent applications, declarations, oaths, assignments of priority rights, and powers of attorney, which the Company may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in
any Company-Related Development. If the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure the Executives signature on any such papers, the Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each officer of the Company and the Chairman of
the Board as the Executives agent and attorney-in-fact to execute any such papers on the Executives behalf, and to take any and all actions as the Company
may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any Company-Related Development. 

(e) Non-Competition. 

(i) During the Executives employment with the Company and
during the twenty-four (24) month period immediately after the termination of such employment (regardless of the reason for the termination, and regardless of whether such termination is by the Executive or the Company) (the Non-Competition Period), the Executive shall not (without the prior written consent of the Company, in writing signed by a duly authorized representative of the Board), directly or indirectly, whether on
the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any person or entity, whether as an owner, partner, shareholder, consultant, agent, employee, director, advisor, volunteer, co-venturer or otherwise, engage, participate, assist or invest in, or be
employed or engaged with or by any person or entity engaged in, any Competing Business (as hereinafter defined). 

(ii) For
purpose of the foregoing, a person or entity is or is engaged in a Competing Business is if he/she or it is engaged (or actively seeking or planning to engage) in any way in the business of developing, manufacturing, producing,
offering, selling, marketing, providing, distributing, performing, licensing, supporting, or soliciting business for (A) automated lending services through loan analytics, risk-based pricing, risk modeling and/or automated decision technology,
and/or (B) any product, service or system that is competitive with, the same as, similar to, performs, serves or provides a similar function as, or can be used as a reasonable or competitive substitute or replacement for, any product, service
or system offered, sold, provided, marketed, distributed, developed, manufactured, produced, performed, supported, licensed, or that is being developed or is the subject of active planning by the Company at any time during my employment with the
Company (each a Competitive Product or Service) 

(iii) The foregoing restrictions under this
Section 7(e) shall be limited to (A) the United States and (B) those foreign countries in which the Company (itself or through its subsidiaries, affiliates or related entities) develops, produces, manufactures, performs, provides,
sell or solicits business for its products, services or systems at any time during the Executives employment with the Company. Nothing herein shall preclude the Executive from owning up to one percent (1%) of the outstanding stock of a
publicly held corporation which is engaged in a Competing Business. 

15 

(f) Non-Solicitation. During the
Executives employment with the Company and during the twenty-four (24) month period immediately after the termination of such employment (regardless of the reason for the termination, and regardless of whether such termination is by the
Executive or the Company) (the Non-Solicitation Period), the Executive shall not (without the prior written consent of the Company, in writing signed by a duly authorized representative of
the Board), directly or indirectly, whether on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any person or entity: 

(i) (A) solicit, induce, encourage, persuade, or procure any customer, active prospective customer or supplier of the
Company to terminate, reduce, postpone, not enter, divert, or otherwise modify adversely to the Company its business relationship or dealings with or patronage of the Company, or otherwise interfere with such customers, prospects or
contracts, relationship or dealings with the Company, (B) contact or solicit any such customer, prospective customer or supplier of the Company in connection with a Competing Business and/or any Competitive Product or Service, or (C) sell,
provide, perform, offer, accept or promote any service, product or system to any such customer or prospective customer of the Company that is a Competitive Product or Service or that otherwise competes with the Company or any of its products,
services or systems; or 

(ii) (A) hire, employ, engage or solicit for hire, employment or engagement any officer,
director, executive, employee, consultant, contractor or agent of the Company (or any person who was employed or engaged by the Company at any time during the final six (6) months of the Executives employment with the Company); or
(B) solicit, induce, encourage, persuade or procure any employee, consultant, contractor, vendor, supplier, distributor or agent of the Company to cease, give up, terminate, limit, postpone, divert, reduce or not to commence or continue his/her
or its employment, engagement, business, dealings, or other business relationship with the Company, or otherwise interfere with such person or entitys contract or business relationship with the Company. 

(g) Third-Party Agreements and Rights. The Executive hereby confirms that the Executive is not bound by the terms of any agreement with
any previous employer or other party that restricts in any way the Executives use or disclosure of information or the Executives engagement in any business in a manner that would interfere with or inhibit the Executives ability to
perform the Executives duties to the Company. The Executive represents to the Company that the Executives execution of this Agreement, the Executives employment with the Company and the performance of the Executives proposed
duties for the Company will not violate any obligations the Executive may have to any such previous employer or other party. In the Executives work for the Company, the Executive will not disclose or make use of any information in violation of
any agreements with or rights of any such previous employer or other party, and the Executive will not bring to the premises of the Company any copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public information
belonging to or obtained from any such previous employment or other party. 

16 

(h) Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation. During and after the Executives
employment, the Executive shall cooperate fully with the Company in (i) the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or that may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company that relate to events or
occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Company, and (ii) the investigation, whether internal or external, of any matters about which the Company believes the Executive may have knowledge or information. The
Executives full cooperation in connection with such claims, actions or investigations shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company
at mutually convenient times. During and after the Executives employment, the Executive also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connectionwith any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority that
relates to events or occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Company. The Company will pay an hourly rate (based on Base Salary as of the last day of employment) for cooperation that occurs after employment, and reimburse
for reasonable expenses, including travel expenses, reasonable attorneys fees and costs and any other reasonable, out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with the Executives performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 7(h); provided that such expenses, fees and costs shall be subject to pre-approval by the Company, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

(i) Reasonableness of Restrictive Covenants. The Executive understands, acknowledges and agrees
that the Executive is being employed in a significant, senior and high-level position of the utmost trust and confidence; that the Executives services to the Company are special, unique and of extraordinary value; and that, by virtue of the
Executives employment, position, duties and responsibilities, the Executive will be provided with, have access to, learn, develop and use (all on the Companys behalf) the Companys trade secrets and its other Proprietary
Information, has duties and responsibilities to develop, enhance and preserve the Companys customer and other business relationships and good will, and will derive significant personal value and opportunities by virtue of such information,
employment, duties, responsibilities and access. The Executive further understands, acknowledges and agrees that the covenants, obligations and restrictions contained in Sections 7(a)-(f) (the Restrictive Covenants) (i) are
intended to protect the Companys legitimate business interests including, without limitation, its Proprietary Information, customer, employee and business relationships, and goodwill; and agrees that such obligations and restrictions (and the
scope of precluded activities, geographic scope and duration thereof) are necessary, reasonable and appropriate for this purpose; (ii) were and are a material condition and inducement for the Company to employ the Executive, to enter into (and
to perform the Companys obligations under) this Agreement and to provide the Executive with Proprietary Information; and (iii) are in consideration of and ancillary to the Companys agreement to provide the Executive with such
Proprietary Information and of the Executives employment with the Company under this Agreement and the additional good and valuable consideration and opportunities provided to the Executive as set forth in this Agreement. 

(j) Enforcement; Injunctive Relief. The Executive also understands, acknowledges and agrees that (i) it would be difficult to
measure any damages caused to the Company which might result from any breach by the Executive of the Restrictive Covenants, that the Company would be irreparably harmed by such breach, and that, in any event, money damages would be an inadequate
remedy for any such breach; (ii) without the restrictions set forth in the Restrictive Covenants, the Executive would be in a position to compete unfairly with the Company; and (iii) the Executives education and experience are such
that the restrictions set forth in the Restrictive Covenants will not interfere with the Executives ability to earn a livelihood nor impose an undue or unreasonable hardship on the Executive. Accordingly, the Executive agrees

17 

and consents that, in addition to all other remedies (in law or equity, for monetary damages or otherwise), the Company shall be entitled to temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief
or other appropriate equitable relief to restrain or enjoin any such breach or threatened breach without showing or proving any actual damage to the Company; and that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8 below, the Company may
seek any such temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief in and from a court of competent jurisdiction. In any such action to enforce any of the Continuing Obligations, the prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of its reasonable
attorneys fees and costs. 

(k) Severability. Each covenant, restriction, provision and
sub-part of this Section 7 (including, without limitation each of sub-sections 7(a)-(f) and the sub-parts thereof) is and is
intended to be a separate and severable covenant and restriction. If any covenant, restriction, portion or provision of this Section 7 shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction,
then it is the intention and the desire of the Parties that such covenant, restriction, portion or provision shall be severed from the remainder of this Agreement and the remainder of this Agreement and this Section 7, and the application of
such covenant, restriction, portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby and shall be valid, enforceable and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by
law. In the event that any covenant, restriction, portion or provision of this Section 7 is determined by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of excessive duration, geographic scope, or scope of
activities covered/prohibited, it is the intent of the Parties (and the Parties request) that such court or arbitrator shall (unless otherwise prohibited by law) modify or interpret such restriction, covenant, provision or portion so that it will be
deemed to extend only over the maximum duration, geographic scope and scope of activities as to which it may be enforceable and shall be so enforced. It is the intent of the Parties that all of the covenants, restrictions, portions and provisions of
this Section 7 shall be enforceable to the full extent permitted by applicable law. 

(l) Protected Disclosures and Other Protected
Action; Defend Trade Secret Act Notice. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or applied to prohibit the Executive from making any good faith report to any governmental agency or other governmental entity (a Government
Agency) concerning any act or omission that the Executive reasonably believes constitutes a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected under the anti-retaliation or whistleblower provisions of
applicable federal or state law or regulation. In addition, nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Executives ability to communicate with any Government Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be
conducted by any Government Agency, including the Executives ability to provide documents or other information, without notice to the Company. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016,
the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law or under this Agreement or the Restrictive Covenant Agreement for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence
to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other
document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 

18 

8. Arbitration of Disputes. 

(a) Arbitration Generally. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof or otherwise
arising out of the Executives employment, the terms and conditions of such employment or the termination of that employment (including, without limitation, any claims of unlawful employment discrimination or retaliation, whether based on race,
religion, national origin, sex, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation, or any other protected class under applicable law) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by the parties
or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the JAMS in Austin, Texas in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures (currently available at www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration) (the
JAMS Rules), including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. If any person or entity other than the Executive or the Company may be a party with regard to any such controversy or
claim, such controversy or claim shall be submitted to (or compelled to) arbitration subject to such other person or entitys consent or agreement. The Executive understands and agrees that the Executive may only bring claims in the
Executives individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or collective action or proceeding or any purported representative action proceeding. The Executive further understands and agrees that, by signing
this Agreement, the Company and the Executive are waiving and giving up any right they may have to a jury trial on all claims they may have against each other. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof. This Section 8 shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 8 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining
order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate including, without limitation, relief sought under Section 7 or any of the other Continuing Obligations; provided that any other relief shall be pursued
through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 8. 

(b) Arbitration Fees and Costs. If the Executive initiates a
claim in arbitration, the Executive shall be required to pay any applicable initial arbitration filing fee which, if such arbitration is administered by JAMS, shall be to the extent provided by the JAMS Rules (and include the JAMS initial case
management fee); provided, however, such fees will be capped at the lesser of the applicable fees required under the JAMS Rules or the amount the Executive would have been charged by a court in the Executives state of residence to file a
judicial complaint for the same claims in court. The Company shall be responsible for any employer/Company filing or case management fee (including any remaining balance of the individual/employee filing/case management fee above the cap) and any
other fees or costs charged by JAMS and the arbitrator. However, to the extent permissible under law and following or as part of the arbitrators ruling on the matter, the arbitrator may rule that the arbitration fees and costs be distributed
or apportioned in an alternative manner. Each party shall be entitled to be represented by their own independent attorneys in connection with any arbitration hereunder, and each party shall pay his/her or its own attorneys fees and costs;
provided, however, if any party prevails on a statutory or contractual claim that affords the prevailing party attorneys fees or costs, the arbitrator may award reasonable attorneys fees and costs to the prevailing party to
the extent permitted by law. 

9. Consent to Jurisdiction. To the extent that any court action is permitted consistent with this
Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the state courts of Travis County Texas and the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, the parties
(a) submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consent to service of process; and (c) waive any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service
of process. 

19 

10. Indemnification. Except to the extent previously executed by the Executive, the
Company and the Executive hereby agree to execute the Companys standard indemnification agreement for senior executives. 

11.
Integration. Except as otherwise provided, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes in all respects all prior agreements between the parties concerning the
subject matter hereof (including, without limitation, compensation, severance pay and benefits) and supersedes in all respects all prior agreements between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof; provided that the Equity Documents,
any indemnification agreement, and any other agreement relating to confidentiality, noncompetition, nonsolicitation or assignment of inventions shall not be superseded by this Agreement (including as provided in Section 7 above) and the
Executive acknowledges and agrees that any such agreements remain in full force and effect. 

12. Withholding; Tax Effect. All
payments made by the Company to the Executive under this Agreement shall be net of any tax or other amounts required to be withheld by the Company under applicable law. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require the Company to make any
payments to compensate the Executive for any adverse tax effect or consequences associated with any payments or benefits or for any deduction or withholding from any payment or benefit. 

13. Enforceability. If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any
section of this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to
which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

14. Survival. The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and/or the termination of the
Executives employment to the extent necessary to effectuate the terms contained herein. 

15. Waiver. No waiver of any
provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of any party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement,
shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach. 

16.
Notices. Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Executive at the last address the Executive has filed in writing with the Company or, in the case of the Company, at its main offices, attention of the Board. During the Term, any
notice, requests, demand and other communications to the Executive shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered via email to the Executives applicable Company email address. 

20 

17. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument
signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. 

18. Effect on Other Plans and Agreements. An
election by the Executive to resign for Good Reason under the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a voluntary termination of employment by the Executive for the purpose of interpreting the provisions of any of the Companys benefit
plans, programs or policies. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the rights of the Executive under the Companys benefit plans, programs or policies except as otherwise provided in Section 7 hereof, and except that the
Executive shall have no rights to any severance benefits under any Company severance pay plan, offer letter or otherwise. In the event that the Executive is party to an agreement with the Company providing for payments or benefits under such plan or
agreement and under this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and the Executive may receive payment under this Agreement only and not both. Further, Section 4 and Section 5 of this Agreement are mutually exclusive and in no
event shall the Executive be entitled to payments or benefits pursuant to Section 4 and Section 5 of this Agreement. 

19.
Governing Law. This is a Texas contract and shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of such State. With respect to any disputes
concerning federal law, such disputes shall be determined in accordance with the law as it would be interpreted and applied by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. 

20. Assignment. Neither the Executive nor the Company may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest in it, by operation of
law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however, that the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the Executives consent to any affiliate or to any person or
entity with whom the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into or to whom it transfers all or substantially all of its properties or assets. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Executive and the Company, and each of the Executives and the Companys respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns. 

21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be
taken to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document. 

22. Gender Neutral. Wherever
used herein, a pronoun in the masculine gender shall be considered as including the feminine gender unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 

Signature Page(s) Follows. 

21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective on the Effective
Date. 

OPEN LENDING CORPORATION

By: /s/ Blair J. Greenberg

Name: Blair J. Greenberg

Title: Director

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Jessica Buss

Jessica Buss

Exhibit A 

Release Agreement 

This
Separation Agreement and Release (this Agreement), dated [], is entered into by and between Open Lending Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Jessica Buss (the
Executive). 

WHEREAS, the Executive, and the Company entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of March 31,
2025 (the Employment Agreement), that provides the Executive with the Severance Pay and Benefits (as defined in the Employment Agreement) in the event of certain terminations of the Executives employment; 

WHEREAS, the Executives employment has so terminated; [and] 

WHEREAS, pursuant to [Section 4(c) / Section 5(a)] of the Employment Agreement, this Agreement becoming effective is a condition
precedent to the Executives entitlement to the Severance Pay and Benefits[; and 

[WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 3 of the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement between the Company and the Executive dated March 31, 2025 (the Option Agreement), this Agreement becoming effective is a condition precedent to the
Executives entitlement to accelerated vesting of the stock options under the Option Agreement.] 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the foregoing and of the mutual agreements and covenants set forth herein, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

1. General Release of Claims. The Executive, on behalf of the Executive, the Executives spouse, heirs, administrators,
representatives, executors, successors, assigns, and all other persons claiming through the Executive (collectively, Releasors), does hereby voluntarily, knowingly, and willingly release, waive, and forever discharge the Company,
together with each of its past, present and future owners, parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, together with each of their current, former and future directors, officers, partners, agents, members, managers, insurers, employees, trustees,
stockholders, investors, joint ventures, representatives, and attorneys, and each of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, estates, predecessors, successors and assigns, both individually and in their official capacities (each, individually, a
Releasee and collectively, the Releasees) from, and does fully waive any obligations of any of the Releasees to Releasors for, any and all rights, actions, charges, causes of action, demands, damages, claims for
relief, complaints, remuneration, sums of money, losses, suits, debts, covenants, contracts, agreements, promises, obligations, demands, accounts, expenses (including attorneys fees and costs) and liabilities of any kind whatsoever, whether
known or unknown, in law or in equity, contingent or absolute (collectively, Claims), which the Executive or any of the other Releasors ever had, now has, or may hereafter claim to have by reason of any matter, cause, act,
omission or thing whatsoever: (a) arising from the beginning of time through the date the Executive executes this Release, including but not limited to, any such Claims (i) arising out of or relating in any way to the Executives
employment with the Company or any other Releasee, (ii) arising out of or relating 

to tort, fraud or defamation, and (iii) arising under any federal, local or state statute or regulation, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act (ADEA), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, the Texas Labor Code (including, but not limited to, the Texas Payday Law and Chapter 21 of the Texas Labor Code, and Texas Commission of Human Rights Act), and the Texas Whistleblower Act, each as amended and including
each of their respective implementing regulations and/or any other federal, state, local or foreign law (statutory, regulatory or otherwise) that may be legally waived and released; (b) arising out of or relating to the termination of the
Executives employment; or (c) arising under or relating to any policy, agreement, understanding, or promise, written or oral, formal or informal, between the Company or any other Releasee and the Executive, including the Employment
Agreement. 

2. Exceptions to General Release of Claims. 

(a) Nothing contained in this Agreement will in any way diminish or impair: (i) any Claims the Executive may have that cannot be waived
under applicable law; (ii) the Executives rights under this Agreement and to Severance Pay and Benefits[, shares of the Companys stock under the Option Agreement that become vested on employment termination under Section 3 of
the Option Agreement,] and any rights referenced in this Release Agreement; (iii) any rights the Executive may have to vested benefits under employee benefit plans; (iv) any rights Executive may have from time to time to indemnification as
provided in the Companys certificate of incorporation, bylaws, each as amended, or any indemnification agreement between the Company and the Executive; (v) Executives right to COBRA or unemployment insurance benefits; or
(vi) any rights Executive may have in respect of any shares or other vested equity interests Executive holds in the Company Group. 

(b) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret
law for the disclosure of a trade secret of the Company or any of its affiliates that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to the Executives attorney, and
(B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If the Executive files a lawsuit for
retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose the trade secret to the Executives attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the Executive (1) files any
document containing the trade secret under seal, and (2) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement the Executive has with the Company or any of its affiliates is
intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such section. Further, nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement that the Executive has with
the Company shall prohibit or restrict the Executive from making any voluntary disclosure of information or documents to any governmental agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, the legal department of the Company, and/or
pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act or Sarbanes-Oxley Act, in each case, without prior notice to the Company. 

3. Restrictive Covenants. The Executive hereby reaffirms the Continuing Obligations
(as defined in the Employment Agreement) and acknowledges and agrees that the Continuing Obligations remain in full force and are incorporated by reference as if set forth herein and executed on the date hereof. The Executive acknowledges and agrees
that the Companys obligations to provide the Severance Pay and Benefits are contingent on the Executive complying with the Continuing Obligations. The Executive understands and agrees that if the Executive materially violates any of the
Continuing Obligations, in addition to the Companys right to recover from the Executive any damages arising out of such violation and any other claims and/or remedies for breach of contract or otherwise that may be available at law or in
equity: (a) the Company shall be entitled to receive an injunction without bond to restrain any such violation or further violation; and (b) if the violation either is not or cannot be cured, the Company shall not be obligated to pay the
Executive any outstanding amount of the Severance Pay and Benefits. 

4. Governing Law. This is a Texas contract and shall be
construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of such State. With respect to any disputes concerning federal law, such disputes shall be determined in
accordance with the law as it would be interpreted and applied by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. 

5. Legally
Binding. The terms of this Agreement contained herein, including, but not limited to, the whereas clauses, are contractual, and not a mere recital. 

6. No Admission of Wrongdoing. Nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an admission of wrongdoing by the Executive or any of the
Releasees. Neither this Agreement nor any of its terms may be used as an admission or introduced as evidence as to any issue of law or fact in any proceeding, suit or action, other than an action to enforce this Agreement. 

7. Attorney Consultation; Voluntary Agreement. The Executive acknowledges that (a) the Company has advised the Executive to
consult with an attorney of the Executives own choosing before signing this Agreement, (b) the Executive has been given the opportunity to seek the advice of counsel, (c) the Executive has carefully read and fully understands all of
the provisions of this Agreement, including the General Release of Claims in Section 1, (d) the Executive is entering into this Agreement knowingly, freely and voluntarily in exchange for good and valuable consideration to which the Executive
is not otherwise entitled, including the Severance Pay and Benefits, and (e) the Executive has the full power, capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement. 

8. Execution and Revocation. The Executive acknowledges that the Executive has been given 21 calendar days from the date of this
Agreement to consider the terms of this Agreement, although the Executive may sign it sooner. In no event can the Executive sign this Agreement prior to the Executives last day of employment. The Executive agrees that any modifications,
material or otherwise, made to this Agreement do not restart or affect in any manner the original 21 calendar day consideration period. The Executive will have seven calendar days from the date on which Executive signs this Agreement to revoke the
Executives consent to the terms of this Agreement by providing notice to the Company in accordance with Section 16 of the Employment Agreement. In the event of such revocation by the Executive, this Agreement will not become effective and
the Executive will not have any rights to the Severance Pay and Benefits. 

Provided that the Executive does not revoke this Agreement within such seven calendar day period, this Agreement will become effective on the eighth calendar day after the date on which the
Executive signs this Agreement. 

[Remainder of page is left blank intentionally] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF AND INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND THEREBY, the parties hereto have
executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date written below. 

Jessica Buss Open Lending Corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: _______ __, _____ Dated: _______ __, _____

Exhibit B 

To: Open Lending Corporation

From: Jessica Buss (the
Executive) 

Date: [__________ __, 2025] 

SUBJECT: Prior Inventions

The following
is a complete list of all inventions or improvements relevant to the subject matter of the Executives employment by the Company that have been made or conceived or first reduced to practice by the Executive alone or jointly with others prior
to the Executives engagement, employment or other service relationship by the Company and/or its predecessors (including Lenders Protection, LLC and Open Lending LLC): 

No inventions or improvements 

See below: 

________________________________________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________________________________ 

Additional sheets attached 

The following is a list of all patents and patent applications in which the Executive has been named as an inventor: 

None 

See below:

________________________________________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d901006dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT 

THIS TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made effective as of March 31, 2025 (the
Effective Date), by and between Open Lending Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company and together with its affiliates within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 promulgated
under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company Group), and Charles D. Jehl (Executive). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to
them in the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2024, by and between the Company and Executive (the Employment Agreement). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
Executive currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company and member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) pursuant to the Employment Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive (each a Party and, collectively, the Parties) each desire to
enter into this Agreement to set forth the Parties agreement as to the transition of Executives duties and responsibilities in connection with Executives termination of employment with the Company and the hiring of an individual to
succeed Executive as the chief financial officer of the Company (such individual, the Successor Chief Financial Officer). 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein contained, the Parties agree as follows: 

1. Qualifying Termination Date; Departure Date. Executives employment with the Company Group shall cease effective as of the 90th day following the Effective Date (the Transition Date) or, if earlier, upon (x) Executives termination of employment by the Company Group for any reason,
(y) Executives termination of employment for Good Reason where such occurrence giving rise to Good Reason occurs following the Effective Date, or (z) Executives termination of employment as a result of Executives death or
Disability (such date, the Qualifying Termination Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit either Party from terminating the employment of Executive for any reason prior to the
Transition Date (the date of termination of employment, whether on or before the Transition Date, the Departure Date). Effective as of the Departure Date, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions Executive
holds as director, officer or employee with respect to the Company Group and agrees to execute all further documents reasonably necessary or appropriate to further memorialize any or all such resignations; provided, that Executive shall not
be deemed to resign, and shall not have resigned or have been removed, from the Board, including by reason of the occurrence of the Qualifying Termination Date (unless such Qualifying Termination Date occurs by reason of Executives death). The
Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive shall be eligible to receive (i) the Severance Pay and Benefits provided under Section 4(c) of the Employment Agreement, in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement and
(ii) accelerated vesting of the currently unvested 210,084 restricted stock units granted on March 22, 2024, in accordance with the terms of the equity award agreement, in either case, by reason of the earliest to occur of the Transition
Date, the Qualifying Termination Date or the Departure Date. 

2. Transition Services. Executive shall remain the interim Chief
Financial Officer of the Company until the earlier to occur of the Departure Date and the date that a Successor Chief Financial Officer commences employment with the Company Group. Following the date that a Successor Chief Financial Officer
commences employment with the Company Group, Executive shall perform services 

related to transition of the duties, responsibilities and authorities of the position of chief financial officer to the Successor Chief Financial Officer as reasonably requested by the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and the Board. As consideration for continued services of Executive between the Effective Date and the earlier to occur of the Transition Date and the Qualifying Termination Date, the Company Group shall provide
Executive with accelerated vesting of the unvested 109,809 time-based restricted stock units that would have vested had Executives employment with the Company Group continued through October 31, 2025. Any outstanding equity shall continue
to vest in the ordinary course, pursuant to the terms of the applicable equity award agreement from the Effective Date through the Departure Date. Except as provided herein, each other equity or equity-based award held by Executive as of the
Departure Date shall be forfeited. 

3. Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for Executives reasonable
attorneys fees in connection with entering into this Agreement, up to $10,000. All reimbursement of expenses to Executive hereunder shall be conditioned upon presentation of sufficient documentation evidencing such expense. 

4. Miscellaneous. 

(a)
Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without application of any conflict of laws principles that would result in the
application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

(b) Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable
and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. 

(c) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors and
permitted assigns and the Company shall require any successor or assign to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession or
assignment had taken place. The Company may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations hereunder except to a successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business
and/or assets of the Company. Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder shall be assignable or transferable by Executive, Executives beneficiaries or legal representatives, except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executives legal personal representatives. 

(d)
Notice. For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed to the respective addresses last given by one Party to another Party or, if none, in the case of the Company, to the Companys headquarters directed to the attention of the Companys General Counsel and, in the case of Executive,
to the most recent address shown in the personnel records of the Company or another member of the Company Group. All notices and communications shall be deemed to have been received on the date of delivery thereof. 

(e) Entire Agreement; Certain Acknowledgements. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, understandings and arrangements, oral or written, between or among any member of the Company Group and Executive with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, that, except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Open Lending Corporation Indemnification Agreement entered into by Executive and the Company Group on August 28, 2020 and the Employment Agreement (and the Continuing Obligations provided therein) shall
continue in accordance with its terms following the Effective Date. Executive hereby acknowledges and 

2 

agrees that (i) Executive has read and understands this Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect, has not acted in reliance upon any representations or promises made by the Company
other than those contained in writing herein, and has entered into this Agreement freely based on Executives own judgment and (ii) Executive has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel of Executives choice in connection
with the drafting, negotiation and execution of this Agreement. 

(f) Headings. The headings and captions in this Agreement are
provided for reference and convenience only, shall not be considered part of this Agreement, and shall not be employed in the construction of this Agreement. 

(g) Construction. This Agreement shall be deemed drafted equally by both the Parties, and any presumption or principle that the
language is to be construed against either Party shall not apply. 

(h) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which shall constitute one instrument. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement or any counterpart hereof to produce or account for any of the other counterparts. 

(i) Withholding. The Company Group shall be entitled to withhold (or to cause the withholding of) the amount, if any, of all taxes of
any applicable jurisdiction required to be withheld by an employer with respect to any amount paid to Executive hereunder. The Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall make all determinations as to whether it is obligated to withhold any
taxes hereunder and the amount thereof. 

(j) Section 409A. Sections 4(c)(iii) and 6 of the Employment Agreement
is incorporated herein by reference. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first
above written. 

OPEN LENDING CORPORATION

By: /s/ Blair Greenberg

Name: Blair Greenberg

Title: Chair, Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Charles D. Jehl

CHARLES D. JEHL

[SIGNATURE
PAGETO TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d901006dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

March 31, 2025 

Michelle Glasl 

[***] 

Dear Michelle, 

On behalf of Open Lending
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company and together with its affiliates within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 promulgated under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the Company Group), we are delighted to offer you the position of Chief Operating Officer of the Company. This letter agreement (this Agreement) sets forth the principal terms of your employment with
the Company Group. 

Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants in this Agreement, it is hereby agreed as follows:

1. 

Position and Duties. You will serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company effective as of a date
mutually agreed between you and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with such date being no more than thirty (30) days following the date hereof and contingent upon passing a successful drug screen and background check (the date you
commence employment with the Company Group, the Employment Commencement Date). During your employment with the Company Group, you will be a full-time employee of the Company Group. You will perform such duties as are required by
the Company from time to time and normally associated with your position, together with such reasonable additional duties commensurate with your position as may be assigned to you by the Company from time to time. You will be an at will
employee and, accordingly, you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time for any reason or no reason. You will be subject to all Company policies applicable to senior executives of the Company as in effect from time to time. You also
agree that, while employed by the Company Group, you will devote your full business time and your best efforts to the advancement of the business interests of the Company Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 1 will
preclude you from engaging in charitable activities and community affairs or managing your personal investments and affairs; provided, that such activities do not materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of
your duties hereunder. 

2. 

Base Salary. Effective as of the Employment Commencement Date, you will be paid a base salary at an
annualized rate of $400,000 (Base Salary) in accordance with the Company Groups regular payroll practices in effect from time to time. 

3. 

Annual Performance Bonus. Effective as of the Employment Commencement Date, you will be eligible to
receive a target annual cash performance bonus of 100% of Base Salary as of the end of the applicable performance year (the Target Annual Bonus) based on the achievement of such performance criteria as may be established by the
Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) or a committee thereof in accordance with the terms of the annual bonus plan applicable to executives of the Company Group as in effect from time to time. To the extent earned, your
annual bonus will be paid to you no later than March 15 of the year following the year of the applicable performance period, subject to your continued employment through such date. 

4. 

Paid Time Off. Effective as of the Employment Commencement Date, you will be entitled to paid time-off in accordance with the Company Groups applicable paid time off/paid vacation policy for executives, as may be in effect and/or which may be modified or adjusted from time to time. You will also be
entitled to all paid holidays given by the Company Group to its executives. 

5. 

Benefits. Effective as of the Employment Commencement Date, you will be eligible to participate in or
receive benefits under the Company Groups employee benefit plans in effect from time to time as well as any perquisites provided to the Companys executive officers, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans or arrangements. The
Company Groups employee benefit plans or arrangements may be modified or terminated at any time in the Companys sole discretion. 

6. 

Long-Term Incentive Compensation. Effective as of the Employment Commencement Date, you will be eligible
for long-term incentive awards commensurate with your position and performance, in the discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee) (each such award, a LTI
Award). Your annual long-term incentive target award amount will be equal to 90% of your Base Salary, which target will be subject to adjustment from time to time as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee in its discretion.
Subject to the approval of the Board or the Compensation Committee, the Company will grant such LTI Award in the form of relative mix units; provided, that, for LTI Awards granted following the 2025 fiscal year, the Board or the
Compensation Committee will be permitted to adjust the relative mix of equity awards comprising the LTI Award. The LTI Award will be subject to the provisions of the Companys 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the Plan)
and the applicable award agreements. 

7. 

Sign-On Bonus. The Company will pay you a cash sign-on bonus in the amount of $100,000, which will be payable on the pay period following the Employment Commencement Date (the Sign-On Bonus). If your
employment with the Company Group terminates due to your resignation or by the Company Group for Cause within the twelve (12) month period following the Employment Commencement Date, you agree to repay the entire portion of the Sign-On Bonus to the Company (calculated on an after-tax basis) no later than ten (10) business days following such termination of employment. The repayment
obligation applicable to the Sign-On Bonus will lapse upon the earlier of (i) the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Employment Commencement Date, (ii) your termination by the Company without
Cause, (iii) your death or disability or (iv) upon the occurrence of a Sale Event (as defined in the Plan). 

For purposes of the Sign-On Bonus, Cause will mean any of the following:
(i) conduct by you constituting a material act of misconduct in connection with the performance of your duties, including, without limitation, (A) willful failure or refusal to perform material responsibilities that have been requested by
the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, (B) dishonesty to the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with respect to any material matter, or (C) misappropriation of funds or property of the Company Group other
than the occasional, customary and de minimis use of Company Group property for personal purposes or an immaterial error on an expense report; (ii) the commission by you of, or plea of guilty or no lo contendere to,
(A) any felony or (B) a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii) any conduct by you, regardless of whether or not in the course of your employment, that would reasonably be expected to result in
material injury or material reputational harm to the Company Group if you were to continue to be employed in your position; (iv) continued unsatisfactory performance or non-performance by you of your
duties hereunder (other than by reason of your physical or mental illness, incapacity or disability) that has continued for more than 30 days following written notice of such unsatisfactory performance or
non-performance from the Board; (v) a material breach by you of any of the provisions contained in the Restrictive Covenants Agreement (as defined below); (vi) a breach by you of any fiduciary duty and/or
duty of loyalty to the Company Group; (vii) a material violation by you of the Company Groups written employment policies (including, but not limited to, any violation of any written equal employment opportunity policy or any written
policy prohibiting discrimination, 

harassment or retaliation) or corporate governance policies; or (viii) your failure to cooperate with a bona fide internal investigation or an investigation by regulatory or law enforcement
authorities after being instructed by the Company Group to cooperate, or the willful destruction or failure to preserve documents or other materials known to be relevant to such investigation or the inducement of others to fail to cooperate or to
produce documents or other materials in connection with such investigation. 

8. 

Withholding. The Company Group will be entitled to withhold (or to cause the withholding of) the amount,
if any, of all taxes of any applicable jurisdiction required to be withheld by an employer with respect to any amount paid to you hereunder. The Company Group, in its sole and absolute discretion, will make all determinations as to whether it is
obligated to withhold any taxes hereunder and the amount thereof. 

9. 

Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of Company
Group, its successors and permitted assigns and the Company Group will require any successor or assign to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company Group would be required to
perform if no such succession or assignment had taken place. The Company Group may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations hereunder except to a successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all
or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company Group or the applicable member thereof. Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder will be assignable or transferable by you, your beneficiaries or legal
representatives, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by your legal personal representatives. 

10. 

Condition Precedent. This Agreement will become null and void in the event that (i) the Employment
Commencement Date does not occur within the period specified in Section 1, (ii) you do not execute and return the Confidentiality and Non-Compete Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
Restrictive Covenants Agreement) prior to the Employment Commencement Date, or (iii) you do not successfully pass the drug screen and background check. 

11. 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including Exhibit A hereto, contains the entire agreement of the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, understandings and arrangements, oral or written, between or among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be
modified, amended, supplemented, extended, canceled or discharged, except by written instrument executed by all parties. 

12. 

Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws
of the State of Texas without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. 

13. 

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be
an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same Agreement. Signatures delivered by facsimile or in .pdf format will be deemed effective for all purposes. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

If you accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement, please sign below. 

Sincerely,

OPEN LENDING CORPORATION

/s/ Kellie Prince

By: Kellie Prince

Title: Vice President of Human Resources

Accepted and Agreed to:

/s/ Michelle Glasl

Michelle Glasl

Date: March 31, 2025

EXHIBIT A 

Restrictive Covenants Agreement 

(attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d901006dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Open Lending Announces Leadership Changes 

Board Chair Jessica Buss Appointed Chief Executive Officer 

Charles Chuck Jehl will Continue to Serve as Interim Chief Financial Officer and a Member of the Board of Directors 

Michelle Glasl Appointed Chief Operating Officer 

AUSTIN, Texas, March 31, 2025 Open Lending Corporation (Nasdaq: LPRO) (the Company or Open Lending), an industry
trailblazer in lending enablement and risk analytics solutions for financial institutions, today announced that its Board of Directors (the Board) has appointed Jessica Buss as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Chuck Jehl
will continue to serve as Interim Chief Financial Officer and as a member of the Board. The Board also has appointed Michelle Glasl as Chief Operating Officer. The Board is conducting a comprehensive search process to identify a permanent Chief
Financial Officer. 

We are thrilled to announce Jessica as our new CEO, said Thomas Hegge, a member of the Board. Her extensive
experience in the insurance industry will be instrumental in ensuring a seamless and profitable collaboration between Open Lending, our insurance carrier partners, and our automotive lending partners. Our focus remains on enhancing loan performance,
minimizing potential loan defaults, and improving our underwriting processes to more accurately price insurance premiums for the risk. We remain committed to serving our near and non-prime consumers alongside
our valued partners. 

We are grateful that Chuck stepped in to lead Open Lending through a challenging and volatile period for our Company and
industry, added Mr. Hegge. He is passing the baton to Jessica to continue to execute our strategic plan and usher in the next phase of growth. Meanwhile, Chuck will continue to support Open Lending during this transitionary period
as Interim Chief Financial Officer and a valued member of the Board. 

In addition to serving on Open Lendings Board for the last five years,
Jessica brings decades of executive experience in the insurance industry, said Mr. Jehl. She understands the opportunities and challenges of our industry, and I believe she will continue our legacy of serving our underserved near-
and non-prime consumers. 

Id like to thank Chuck for his many contributions in various executive
leadership roles at Open Lending since 2020, including taking the Company public, said Ms. Buss. He has been a critical part of the management team, and I am looking forward to continuing to work with him as a member of our Board.

Jessica Buss previously served as the CEO of Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd. a subsidiary of Brookfield Reinsurance Ltd (NYSE, TSX: BNRE), a
leading capital solutions business providing insurance and reinsurance services to individuals and institutions. She was previously the president, U.S. insurance, of Argo prior to its acquisition by Brookfield Re. Prior to joining Argo, she was
President and CEO of GuideOne Insurance Company and, prior to that, she was senior vice president Commercial and Specialty Lines at State Auto Insurance Companies. Jessica held several other positions during her tenure at State Auto,
including chief operating officer and chief financial officer of the companys specialty subsidiary, and senior vice president of Specialty. Prior to joining State Auto, Jessica was a member of a three-person team that raised the capital for
the formation and start-up operations of Rockhill Holdings, a niche property and casualty business that was purchased by State Auto in 2009. She was also CFO for Citizens Property Insurance Corporation. In
2016, Jessica was named one of Insurance Business Elite Women of the Year. Jessica earned her bachelors degree in accounting from the University of Wisconsin and her Master of Business Administration from the University of Florida. 

Michele Glasl also joins Open Lending from Argo Group, where she has served as Head of Operations since
2022. As Head of Operations, she oversaw information technology, security, operations and communications. Glasl previously served as SVP of Strategy and Business Development at Argo Group. Prior to that, she served as Chief Information Officer at
GuideOne Insurance from June 2017 to June 2022. She previously served as Vice President of Technology at State Auto from February 2009 to June 2017. Ms. Glasl holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of
Wisconsin - Milwaukee. 

Board Changes 

Jessica Buss will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board but will no longer be a member of the nominating and corporate governance and audit committees of
the Board. Thomas Hegge will join the audit committee. Chuck Jehl will continue to serve as a member of the Board. 

About Open Lending 

Open Lending (Nasdaq: LPRO) provides loan analytics, risk-based pricing, risk modeling and default insurance to auto lenders throughout the United States. For
over 20 years, we have been empowering financial institutions to create profitable auto loan portfolios with less risk and more reward. For more information, please visit www.openlending.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release includes
certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements related to the benefits of
any leadership transition and future strategic plans. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate,
intend, expect, should, would, plan, predict, potential, seem, seek, future, outlook, and similar expressions that
predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of the Companys management and are not predictions of actual
performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or
probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the Companys control. These forward-looking statements are subject to a
number of risks and uncertainties, including general economic, market, political and business conditions; applicable taxes, inflation, supply chain disruptions including global hostilities and responses thereto, interest rates and the regulatory
environment; the outcome of judicial proceedings to which Open Lending may become a party; and other risks discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements.
There may be additional risks that the Company presently does not know or that it currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking
statements reflect the Companys expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this press release. The Company anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its assessments to change. However,
while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the
Companys assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. 

Contact: 

Investors 

openlending@icrinc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lpro-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lpro-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>lpro-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g901006g0331194804275.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g901006im01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g901006snap3.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g901006snap4.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Open Lending Corp

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001806201

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39326

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-5031428

Entity Address, Address Line One 1501 S. MoPac Expressway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 450

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78746

City Area Code 512

Local Phone Number 892-0400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol LPRO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://openlendingcorp.com//20250331/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d901006d8k.htm 
lpro-20250331.xsd 
lpro-20250331_lab.xml 
lpro-20250331_pre.xml 

g901006im01.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-068758-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d901006d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001806201 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

Open Lending Corp 
false 
0001806201 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
DE 
001-39326 
84-5031428 
1501 S. MoPac Expressway 
Suite 450 
Austin 
TX 
78746 
512 
892-0400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
LPRO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>