<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-017450.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-017450.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226163318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-017450
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CleanCore Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001956741
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIALTY CLEANING, POLISHING AND SANITATION PREPARATIONS [2842]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				884042082
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42033
		FILM NUMBER:		25670686

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13714 A STREET
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-860-3030

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13714 A STREET
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68144
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0232128-8k_cleancore.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000195674100019567412025-02-212025-02-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 25, 2025 (February 21, 2025)

CLEANCORE SOLUTIONS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-42033 88-4042082

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

5920 S. 118th Circle, Omaha,
NE 68137

(Address of principal executive
offices) (Zip Code)

(877)
860-3030

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ZONE NYSE American LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 21, 2025, CleanCore Global Limited (the Buyer), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CleanCore Solutions, Inc. (the Company),
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Sanzonate Europe Inc., an Irish corporation (the
Seller), and Sanzonate Global Inc., the majority stockholder of the Seller (the Stockholder), pursuant to
which the Buyer agreed to acquire substantially all of the assets of the Seller used in the manufacturer and distribution of aqueous
ozone products (the Business).

The aggregate purchase price for the Business
being acquired is $2,475,000, consisting of: (i) $600,000 in cash; (ii) the issuance of a promissory note in the principal amount of $625,000;
and (iii) up to $1,250,000 in Earn-Out Payments (as defined below). As additional consideration, the Buyer agreed to cause the Company
to issue to the Seller a warrant to purchase 425,000 shares of the Companys class B common stock at an exercise price of $1.25
per share.

The
Seller is also entitled to receive the following payments (each, an Earn-Out Payment) to the extent that Net Sales (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement) achieve the following milestones during the five-year period beginning on the closing date and ending
on the fifth anniversary of the closing date (the Earn-Out Period); provided that an Earn-Out Payment will be calculated for each
year during the Earn-Out Period. If Net Sales:

are
equal to or greater than 2,000,000, the Buyer shall pay $200,000 to the Seller;

are
equal to or greater than 4,000,000, the Buyer shall pay an additional $200,000 to the
Seller;

are
equal to or greater than 6,000,000, the Buyer shall pay an additional $200,000 to the
Seller;

are
equal to or greater than 8,000,000, the Buyer shall pay an additional $200,000 to the
Seller;

are
equal to or greater than 10,000,000, the Buyer shall pay an additional $200,000 to
the Seller;

are
equal to or greater than 12,000,000, the Buyer shall pay an additional $250,000 to
the Seller;

Calculation of the annual Earn-Out Payment will
be based upon cumulative Net Sales, meaning that for each year of the Earn-Out Period, the beginning balance of Net Sales will be the
ending balance of Net Sales from the prior year of the Earn-Out Period.

No
later than forth-five (45) days following each anniversary of the closing date during the Earn-Out Period, the Buyer shall prepare and
deliver to the Seller a written statement (an Earn-Out Statement) setting forth in reasonable detail its determination
of unaudited Net Sales within the annual Earn-Out Period and its determination of whether there is a resulting Earn-Out Payment due.
To the extent the Seller is entitled to an Earn-Out Payment, the applicable Earn-Out Payment(s) shall be paid on the date that is five
(5) business days after the date on which the Earn-Out Statement becomes final and binding on the parties, following resolution of any
objections to the Earn-Out Statement pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement.

As
noted above, a portion of the purchase price will be paid by the issuance of a mutually agreeable unsecured subordinated promissory note
in the principal amount of $625,000, which will bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum, mature on the second anniversary of
the closing date and contain customary events of default.

The
Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including a covenant that the Seller and the Stockholder
will not compete with the Business for a period of three (3) years following closing.

The
Purchase Agreement also contains mutual indemnification for breaches of representations or warranties and failure to perform covenants
or obligations contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Seller and the Stockholder also indemnified the Buyer for (i) any Excluded Liability
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and (ii) any liability of the Seller which is not an Assumed Liability (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) and which is imposed upon the Buyer under any bulk transfer law of any jurisdiction or under any common law doctrine of de
facto merger or successor liability so long as such liability arises out of the ownership, use or operation of the assets of the Seller,
or the operation or conduct of the Business prior to the closing. The Buyer also indemnified the Seller and the Stockholder for (i) any
Assumed Liability and (ii) any liability (other than any Excluded Liability) asserted by a third party against any of the Seller or the
Stockholder which arises out of the ownership of the Purchased Assets (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) after the closing or the
operation by the Buyer of the business conducted with the Purchased Assets after the closing.

1

In
the case of the indemnification provided with respect to breaches of certain non-fundamental representations and warranties, the party
will only become liable for indemnified losses if the amount exceeds an aggregate of $30,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this threshold
limitation shall not apply to claims by the Buyer for breaches by the Seller or the Stockholder of certain fundamental representations.
In addition, the Buyers aggregate remedy with respect to any and all indemnifiable losses shall in no event exceed, (i) with respect
to claims related to breach of the fundamental representations, the final purchase price, or (ii) with respect to all other claims, 50%
of the final purchase price. If, after providing the Seller with a written claim that specifically identifies the basis for indemnification
and any relevant facts forming the basis for such claim, resolution of the claim between the parties and the Seller fails to indemnify
the Buyer within thirty (30) days following the resolution of the claim, the Buyer shall have the right to recoup all or any part of
any indemnifiable losses it may suffer by notifying the Stockholder that the Buyer is reducing the Earn-Out Payments by the amount of
such indemnifiable losses.

The
closing of the Purchase Agreement is subject to customary closing conditions, including, without limitation, the completion of due diligence
investigations; the receipt of all authorizations, consents order and approvals of, or filings with, all governmental entities; the receipt
of any required consents of any third parties and minority stockholders of the Seller; and the Buyer shall have entered into an employment
agreement with Eric Quinn that is in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer and Eric Quinn. In addition, the Buyer shall have obtained
all of the financing it needs in order to complete the acquisition and fund the working capital requirements of the Business after the
closing.

The
Purchase Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to closing (i) by mutual agreement of the parties; (ii) by any of the Buyer, the
Stockholder or the Seller if there has been a material misrepresentation or breach of covenant or agreement contained in the Purchase
Agreement on the part of the other and such breach of a covenant or agreement has not been promptly cured after at least fourteen (14)
days written notice is given; (iii) by the Buyer if any of the Seller or Stockholders closing conditions set forth in the
Purchase Agreement shall not have been satisfied before April 30, 2025, or such later date as the Buyer, the Stockholder and Seller shall
mutually agree in writing (the Outside Date); or (iv) by the Seller or the Stockholder if any of the Buyers closing
conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement shall not have been satisfied before the Outside Date.

The
foregoing summary of the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 25, 2025, the Company issued a press release to announce the execution of the Purchase Agreement. A copy of the press release
is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.

The
information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed
incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description
of Exhibit

10.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated February 21, 2025, among CleanCore Global Limited, Sanzonate Europe Inc. and Sanzonate Global Inc.

99.1 Press Release, dated February 25, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 25, 2025 CLEANCORE SOLUTIONS, INC.

/s/ Clayton
Adams

Name: Clayton Adams

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023212801ex10-1_cleancore.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 21, 2025, AMONG CLEANCORE GLOBAL LIMITED, SANZONATE EUROPE INC. AND SANZONATE GLOBAL INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 21, 2025, is entered into by and among CLEANCORE
GLOBAL LIMITED ("Buyer), Sanzonate Europe Inc., an Irish corporation (Seller), and
Sanzonate Global Inc. and the majority stockholder of the Seller (the Stockholder).

RECITALS

A. The
Seller is engaged in the manufacturer and distribution of aqueous ozone products (the Business); and

B. Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, Seller wishes to sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer
desires to purchase, acquire and accept from Seller, free and clear of all liens and liabilities of any kind (other than Assumed Liabilities,
as hereinafter defined), all of Sellers right, title, and interest in and to substantially all of the assets and properties owned
by Seller and used in connection with the Business.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
1

SALE
OF ASSETS AND ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES

1.1
Sale of Assets.

(a)
Purchased Assets.

(i) At
the Closing (as defined below), Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer and Buyer shall accept and purchase
all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to all of the assets, properties, rights, interests, claims and goodwill of the
Sellers Aqueous ozone distribution business as specifically described in the Schedule of Purchased Assets attached hereto
and labeled Schedule 1.1(a), together with all assets, properties and rights acquired by Seller of a similar nature since the
date of such Schedule, less such assets, properties and rights as may have been disposed of since said date in the ordinary course of
business, but specifically excluding the Excluded Assets (the Purchased Assets).

(ii)
The Purchased Assets include, without limitation, all right, title, and interest in and to all of the assets of the Seller,
including all of its (a) tangible personal property (such as tangible capital machinery and equipment (including without limitation
all manufacturing and warehousing equipment), computer and communications equipment, inventories, raw materials, work in progress,
supplies, furniture, tools, and other mobile equipment), (b) intellectual property (including any franchise, strategic alliance or
joint venture), goodwill associated therewith, licenses and sublicenses granted and obtained with respect thereto, and rights
thereunder, remedies against infringements thereof, and rights to protection of interests therein under the laws of all
jurisdictions, (c) leases, (including equipment leases), subleases, and rights thereunder with respect to both real and personal
property, (d) accounts, notes, trade and other receivables, (e) purchase orders, agreements, contracts, instruments, purchase
commitments for raw materials, goods and other services and rights thereunder to the extent such items can be transferred, assigned,
conveyed and/or delivered, (f) securities, (g) claims, deposits, rebates, discounts earned, prepayments, refunds, causes of action,
choses in action, rights of recovery, rights of set off, and rights of recoupment, (h) franchises, approvals, permits, licenses,
orders, registrations, certificates, variances, and similar rights obtained from governments and governmental agencies to the extent
such items can be transferred, assigned, conveyed and/or delivered, (i) books, records, financial statements, ledgers, accounting
systems, files, documents, collateral information, databases, plans, specifications, technical information, websites, electronic
data and files, correspondence, pricing schedules, catalogs, advertising and promotional materials, studies, reports, customer and
contractor lists, marketing and recruiting processes, employment and training manuals, and other printed or written material
relating to the Purchased Assets and all proprietary rights pertaining to such materials, (j) all phone numbers and domain names
related to the Purchased Assets, and (k) all other tangible and intangible assets of the Business; provided, however, that
the Purchased Assets shall not include the Excluded Assets.

(b) Excluded
Assets. The foregoing notwithstanding, Buyer shall not purchase, and Seller shall not be deemed to sell, (a) any cash or cash equivalents
held by the Seller; (b) the consideration paid and to be paid to Seller pursuant to this Agreement; (c) all rights of Seller under this
Agreement and the other agreements, instruments and documents deliverable pursuant hereto (the Transaction Documents);
(d) amounts due from the Stockholder; and (e) those other assets which are listed in the Schedule of Excluded Assets attached
hereto and labeled Schedule 1.1(b).

1.2
Assumption of Liabilities; Excluded Liabilities.

(a) Assumption
of Liabilities. Buyer shall undertake, assume, and agree to perform, and otherwise pay, satisfy and discharge as of the Closing those
obligations, duties and liabilities of Seller with respect to the Assumed Contracts (as defined below), licenses and other arrangements
included in, the Purchased Assets, in each case only to the extent arising from and after the Closing Date and not arising from or relating
to any breach, default or failure by the Seller to perform any covenants or obligations required to be performed by the Seller of such
Assumed Contracts, licenses and other arrangements included in the Purchased Assets prior to the Closing Date (the Assumed
Liabilities); provided, however, that the Assumed Liabilities shall include no other liability of Seller of any kind
or nature whatsoever and shall not include any Excluded Labilities (as defined below). Assumed Contracts means all
of the Contracts (including, without limitation, non-competition agreements by and between any Seller and any employee, consultant or
other person and any other engagement letters, contract extensions, rebids, existing proposals, bids, opportunities pursued, purchase
orders and any sales contracts in the pipeline) used in conducting or relating to the Business.

(b) Excluded
Liabilities. Other than the Assumed Liabilities, all liabilities, liens and other obligations of Seller or any affiliates of
Seller relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets arising prior to the Closing Date (collectively, the Excluded
Liabilities) shall remain the sole responsibility of and shall be retained, fully paid, fully performed and fully
discharged solely by the Seller. Excluded Liabilities shall include, without limitation: any debts, liabilities or obligations not
specifically listed in Schedule 1.2(a) hereof, including (i) any liability of the Seller for income, transfer, sales, use,
and all other taxes arising in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any income taxes
arising because the Seller is transferring the Purchased Assets), whether imposed on Seller as a matter of law, under this Agreement
or otherwise, (ii) any liability of the Seller for taxes, including taxes of any person other than the Seller, (iii) any liability
of Seller with respect to any indebtedness for borrowed money or credit card payables, (iv) any liability of Seller arising out of
any threatened or pending litigation or other claim, (v) any liability, whether arising by operation of law, contract, past custom
or otherwise, for unemployment compensation benefits, pension benefits, salaries, wages, bonuses, incentive compensation, sick
leave, severance or termination pay, vacation and other forms of compensation or any other form of employee benefit plan (including
the health benefits payable reflected on the Sellers balance sheet), agreement (including employment agreements), arrangement
or commitment payable to or for the benefit of any current or former officers, directors and other employees and independent
contractors of Seller, (vii) any liabilities of Seller to the Stockholder or any affiliates or current or former stockholders, or
other equity owners of Seller, (vii) any liability for costs and expenses of the Seller in connection with this Agreement or any
transactions contemplated hereby, (viii) any negative cash or book balances or any intercompany debt by and between, or by and
among, Seller and any affiliate of Seller, (ix) any environmental liability arising out of or relating to the operation of the
Business or Sellers leasing, ownership or operation of real property, and (x) any and all obligations or liabilities under
the European Communities (Protection of Employees on Transfer of Undertakings) Regulations 2003, that arise on or prior to the
Closing. All Excluded Liabilities shall be the responsibility of Seller, and Seller and the Stockholder agree to indemnify and hold
the Buyer harmless against any Excluded Liabilities, debts, obligations, claims or damages therefrom, costs and expenses.

-2-

1.3 Closing.
The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the Closing) will take place
through the exchange of signature pages by electronic means or by email in portable document format upon the satisfaction or waiver of
all conditions to the obligations of the parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than conditions with respect
to actions the respective parties will take at the Closing itself), or such other date and time as the Parties may mutually determine.
The date and time of the Closing are referred to as the Closing Date.

1.4
Purchase Price.

(a) In
consideration for the sale, assignment and delivery of the Purchased Assets, the Buyer shall pay the aggregate purchase price for the
Purchased Assets (the Purchase Price), as the same may be adjusted pursuant to this Agreement, payable in accordance
with Sections 1.4(b) and 1.6, below.

(b) The
Purchase Price for the Purchased Assets shall contain the following components and be payable as follows:

(i) Cash
Payment at Closing. At the Closing, the Buyer shall pay to the Seller Six Hundred Thousand Dollars ($600,000) in immediately available
funds (the Cash Portion).

(ii) Seller
Note. A mutually agreeable unsecured subordinated promissory note (the Seller Note) in the principal amount
of Six Hundred, Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($625,000) bearing simple interest at an annual rate of 10%. The interest shall be paid
on a quarterly basis, and the principal amount shall be paid on the maturity date of the Seller Note, which shall mature on the second
anniversary of the Closing Date.1

(iii) Seller
Warrant. Upon Closing, the Buyer shall cause its parent company to issue to the Seller a five-year warrant (the Seller
Warrant) to purchase 425,000 shares of Buyers parent companys Class B Common Stock, at an exercise price at
$1.25 per share pursuant to a warrant agreement mutually agreeable to Buyer and Seller.

(iv) Earn
Out Payments. Following the Closing, the Buyer shall make applicable Earn Out Payments (as defined below) as set forth in Section
1.6.

1.5
[Reserved]

1 NTD:
For Seller Note, the parties agreed to include ADR language around extending maturity, partial payment or partial conversion upon mutual
agreement if no payment has been (or is anticipated to be) made within 30 days of maturity date.

-3-

1.6
Earn Out.

(a) Seller
is entitled to receive earnout payments (each, an Earn Out Payment) if Net Sales achieve the following milestones
during the five-year period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date Closing Date (the Earn-Out
Period), provided that an Earn- Out Payment will be calculated for each year during the Earn-Out Period. If Net Sales:

(i)
are equal or greater than 2,000,000, Buyer shall pay to Seller, an amount equal to $200,000;

(ii) are
equal or greater than 4,000,000, Buyer shall pay to Seller an additional amount of $200,000;

(iii) are
equal or greater than 6,000,000, Buyer shall pay to Seller an additional amount of $200,000;

(iv) are
equal or greater than 8,000,000, Buyer shall pay to Seller an additional amount of $200,000;

(v) are
equal or greater than 10,000,000, Buyer shall pay to Seller an additional amount of $200,000;

(vi) are
equal or greater than 12,000,000, Buyer shall pay to Seller an additional amount of $250,000;

(vii) For
the avoidance of doubt, calculation of the annual Earn-Out Payment will be based upon cumulative Net Sales, meaning that for each year
of the Earn-Out Period, the beginning balance of Net Sales will be the ending balance of Net Sales from the prior year of the Earn-Out
Period. For purposes of clarity and by way of example, if the Business achieves total Net Sales of 10,000,000 during the Earn-
Out Period, Buyer shall pay to Seller a total amount of $1,000,000 under Section 1.6(a) of this Agreement; if the Business achieves Net
Sales of 1,900,000 during the Earn-Out Period, Seller is not entitled to any payment from Buyer under Section 1.6(a) of this Agreement;

(viii) Net
Sales means the gross amount of revenue actually collected by the Business for sales and leases of units of aqueous ozone
products during the Earn-Out Period to (a) customers existing as of the Closing Date, (b) potential customers included on Schedule
1.6 of this Agreement, (c) customers who the Seller can demonstrate has purchased or leased aqueous ozone products from the Seller
in the past, or (d) potential customers that the Seller can demonstrate that it has had substantive communications with prior to the
Closing Date regarding the purchase of aqueous ozone product, less the following deductions actually paid in respect of sales to such
customers by the Business during the Earn-Out Period:

(A) sales
returns, credits or allowances paid, granted or accrued, including trade, quantity and cash discounts and any adjustments granted on
account of price adjustments or billing errors, rejected goods, warranty items, recalls or returns;

(B) rebates,
chargeback rebates, compulsory rebates, reimbursements or similar payments granted or given to wholesalers or other distributors;

(C)
adjustments arising from discount programs or other similar program;

(D) customs
or excise duties, sales tax, consumptions tax, value added tax and other taxes (except income taxes); and

-4-

(E) charges
for packing, freight, shipping and insurance (to the extent the Business bears such costs).

(b)
Calculation of the Earn-Out Payment.

(i) No
later than forth-five (45) days following each anniversary of the Closing Date during the Earn-Out Period, Buyer shall prepare and deliver
to Seller a written statement (an Earn-Out Statement) setting forth in reasonable detail its determination of unaudited
Net Sales within the annual Earn-Out Period and its determination of whether there is a resulting Earn-Out Payment due. During the 30-day
period following delivery of the Earn-Out Statement to Seller, Buyer shall provide Seller and its designees reasonable access during
normal business hours to books and records and work papers of Buyer that relate solely to the calculations included in the Earn-Out Statement
and the Earn-Out Payment; provided, however, that (x) such access does not interrupt the normal course of Buyers business,
or (z) the independent accountants of Buyer, as applicable, after the Closing shall not be obligated to make any such work papers available
to the Seller unless and until Seller has signed a customary confidentiality and hold harmless agreement relating to such access to such
work papers in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such independent accountants.

(ii) Any
disputes in respect of the Earn-Out Statement shall be subject, mutatis mutandis, to the objection and dispute resolution provisions
set forth herein; provided, however, that the Earn-Out Statement and the calculations set forth therein will be final and binding
on Buyer and Seller unless, within 30 days following delivery of the Earn-Out Statement, Seller shall have delivered a written notice
of objection (an Objection Notice) to Buyer, which shall specify the disputed items and shall describe in reasonable
detail the basis for such objection, as well as the amount in dispute.

(iii) Upon
the earliest to occur of (A) Sellers failure to deliver an Objection Notice in respect of the Earn-Out Statement within the 30-day
period specified above, (B) the date all disputed items set forth in the Objection Notice in respect of the Earn-Out Statement, if any,
are finally resolved in writing by Seller and Buyer and (C) the date all disputed items are finally resolved in writing by the Independent
Auditor, the Earn-Out Statement and the calculations set forth therein shall be final and binding on the parties. No later than five
(5) business days after the date on which the Earn-Out Statement becomes final and binding on the parties, Buyer shall pay the Earn-Out
Payment, if any, to Seller by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated in writing by Seller.

(c) Seller
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Earn-Out Payment is speculative and subject to numerous factors outside the control of the parties,
(ii) there is no assurance that Seller will receive an Earn- Out Payment and neither Buyer and its affiliates nor any of their respective
employees, officers, directors, shareholders, accountants, attorneys, representative or consultants has promised any Earn-Out Payment
(collectively, the Subject Persons), (iii) the Subject Persons do not owe a fiduciary duty to Seller with respect
to this Section 1.6 or the Earn-Out Payment and (iv) the parties solely intend the express provisions of this Agreement to govern their
contractual relationship with respect to any Earn-Out Payment. Without in any way limiting the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right
to operate the Business in the manner it seems appropriate in its sole discretion after the Closing.

(d) The
Parties understand and agree that (i) the contingent rights to receive any Earn-Out Payment shall not be represented by any form of certificate
or other instrument, are not assignable or otherwise transferable, except by operation of law relating to descent and distribution, divorce
and community property, and do not constitute an equity or ownership interest in Buyer, (ii) Seller shall not have any rights as a security
holder of Buyer as a result of such Sellers contingent right to receive any Earn-Out Payment, and (iii) no interest is payable
with respect to any Earn-out Payment.

-5-

1.7
Treatment of Payments Under Section 1.6. For
the avoidance of doubt, all payments and adjustments made under Section 1.6 shall constitute an adjustment to Purchase Price.

1.8 Further
Cooperation. From time to time after the Closing, Seller and the Stockholder, at Buyers reasonable request and without further
consideration, agree to execute and deliver or to cause to be executed and delivered such other instruments of transfer as Buyer may
reasonably request that are necessary to transfer to Buyer more effectively the right, title and interest in or to the Purchased Assets
and to take or cause to be taken such further or other action as may reasonably be necessary or appropriate in order to effectuate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

ARTICLE
2

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

2.1 Representations
and Warranties of Seller and Stockholder. The Seller and the Stockholder jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Buyer
as of the date of this Agreement, except as set forth in the disclosure schedules to be delivered by Seller within 30 days of the date
hereof (the Disclosure Schedules). The Disclosure Schedules will be arranged for purposes of convenience only, in
sections corresponding to the Subsections of this Section 2.1 and will provide exceptions to the representations and warranties
contained in Section 2.1 whether or not a specific reference to such Disclosure Schedules are included in a representation and
warranty contained in this Section 2.1.

(a) Organization;
No Subsidiaries; Ownership of Seller. The Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. The Seller does not currently own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in
any other corporation, partnership, trust, joint venture, limited liability company, association, or other business entity. The Seller
is not a participant in any joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement. Except for the Stockholder and the other stockholders
of Seller, whose names and amounts of ownership are set forth on Schedule 2.1(a) hereto, no other person owns any right, title
or interest in or to any capital stock or other equity interest or owns any security that is exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible
into any equity interest in the Seller.

(b) Binding
Obligation. The Seller has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby. The Seller has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the other transactions contemplated hereby and, no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Seller are necessary to authorize this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Seller and constitutes
a valid and binding obligation of the Seller enforceable in accordance with its terms. The execution, delivery and performance by the
Seller of this Agreement does not and will not conflict with, or result in any violation of or default under, any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation, Constitution or other comparable agreements or constituent instruments of the Seller or any ordinance, rule, regulation,
judgment, order, decree, agreement, instrument or license applicable to the Seller the Stockholder or to any of their respective properties
or assets. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any court, administrative agency
or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, is required by or with respect to the Seller in
connection with its execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement.

(c) Purchased
Assets. Except for assets disposed of in the ordinary course of business and Excluded Assets, the Purchased Assets consist of all
material assets which have been used by the Seller in the Business prior to the date hereof. The Purchased Assets are sufficient for
the continued conduct of the Business immediately after the Closing in substantially the same manner as conducted immediately prior to
the Closing, ordinary wear and tear excepted.

-6-

(d) Title
to Personal Property; Inventory. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(d), and except for assets disposed of, or to be disposed
of in the ordinary course of business, the Seller has good and marketable title or a valid leasehold interest in all of the personal
property included in the Purchased Assets, in each case free and clear of all mortgages, liens, security interests, pledges, charges
or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever. All inventory, finished goods, raw materials, work in progress, supplies, and other inventories
of the Business (Inventory), consists of a quality and quantity usable and salable in the ordinary course of business,
except for obsolete, damaged, defective or slow-moving items that have been written off or written down to fair market value or for which
adequate reserves have been established. All Inventory is owned by the Seller free and clear of all liens and no Inventory is held on
a consignment basis. The quantities of each item of Inventory (whether raw materials, work-in-process or finished goods) are not excessive,
but are reasonable in the present circumstances of the Business.

(e)
Real Property.

(i)
Seller does not own any real property.

(ii) Schedule
2.1(e)(ii) sets forth the address of each Leased Real Property (as defined below) and a true, complete and correct list of all leases,
subleases and other occupancy agreements (written and oral), including all amendments, extensions, guaranties and other modifications
pursuant to which Seller holds any Leased Real Property (the Real Property Leases), including the date and the names
of the parties to such Real Property Leases. Seller has previously delivered to Buyer true, complete and correct copies of all the Real
Property Leases and, in the case of an oral Real Property Lease, a written summary of the material terms thereof. Seller has good and
valid leasehold interest in and to all of the Leased Real Property, subject to no liens except for Permitted Liens (as defined below).
With respect to each Real Property Lease: (i) no security deposit or portion thereof deposited with respect to such Real Property Lease
has been applied in respect of a breach or default under such Real Property Lease which has not been redeposited in full; (ii) Seller
does not owe or will owe in the future, any brokerage commissions or finders fees with respect to such Real Property Lease; (iii)
Seller has not subleased, licensed or otherwise granted any Person the right to use or occupy such Leased Real Property or any portion
thereof; and (iv) there are no liens on the estate or interest created by such Real Property Lease and Seller has not collaterally assigned
or granted any other security interest in such Real Property Lease. For purposes of this Agreement, Leased Real Property
means all leasehold or subleasehold estates and other rights to use or occupy any land, buildings, structures, improvements, fixtures
or other interest in real property held by Seller including the right to all security deposits and other amounts and instruments deposited
by or on behalf of Seller; and Permitted Liens means (a) landlords, mechanics, carriers, workmens,
repairmens or other similar statutory liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business for amounts which are not due
and payable and which shall be paid in full and released at Closing, (b) liens for taxes or assessments and similar charges, which either
are not delinquent or not yet due and payable, (c) zoning, building and other land use regulations imposed by governmental authorities
having jurisdiction over the Leased Real Property which are not violated by the current use or occupancy of such Leased Real Property
or the operation of the Business thereon, and (d) covenants, conditions, restrictions, easements and other similar matters of record
affecting title to the Leased Real Property which do not materially impair the occupancy or use of the Leased Real Property by Seller
for the purposes for which it is currently used in connection with the Business.

(f) Contracts.
Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1(f), the Seller is not a party to or bound by any lease, agreement, contract or other
commitment which involves the payment or receipt of more than $10,000 per year or that is not cancelable by the Seller on less than
60 days notice (collectively, the Contracts). Each contract is a valid and binding obligation of the
Seller and is in full force and effect. The Seller has performed all material obligations required to be performed by it to date
under the Contracts. All Contracts are in the name of the Seller, and all Contracts included in the Assumed Liabilities will be
effectively transferred to the Buyer at the time of the Closing. Schedule 2.1(f) lists all Contracts included in the
Purchased Assets.

-7-

(g) Litigation.
There are no lawsuits, claims, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the Knowledge (as defined below) of the Seller or the Stockholder,
threatened by or against or affecting the Seller or any of its properties, assets, operations or business which could adversely affect
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or Buyers right to utilize the Purchased Assets. For purposes of this Agreement,
Knowledge means the actual knowledge of Kenneth Klein, Eric Quinn, and Patrick Nolan.

(h) Absence
of Changes or Events. Since December 31, 2024, the Business of the Seller has been operated in the ordinary course and there has
not been any material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Seller or
the value or condition of the Purchased Assets.

(i) Compliance
with Laws. To Sellers and Stockholders Knowledge, Seller is not in violation with respect to its operation of the Purchased
Assets of any law, order, ordinance, rule or regulation of any governmental authority, except for any violation that would not have a
material adverse effect on the Business or its prospects.

(j) Employee
Benefit Plans. There are no plans of the Seller in effect for pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, severance pay, bonuses,
stock options, stock purchases, or any other form of retirement or deferred benefit, or for any health, accident or other welfare plan,
as to which the Buyer will become liable as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(k) Environmental
Matters. Seller has not received notice of any private or governmental claims, citations, complaints, notices of violation, letters
or to the Knowledge of Seller and the Stockholder, threatened actions made, issued to or threatened against the Seller by any governmental
entity or private or other party for the impairment or diminution of, or damage, injury or other adverse effects to, the environment
or public health resulting, in whole or in part, from the ownership, use or operation of any of the Sellers facilities (whether
owned or leased) which may be occupied or operated by Buyer as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby (the Property).
To the Sellers and Stockholders Knowledge, without inquiry, the Property is in compliance with, the provisions of all federal,
state and local environmental, health and safety laws, codes and ordinances and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The
Seller has provided Buyer with true, accurate and complete copies of any written information in the possession of the Seller which pertains
to the environmental history of the Property.

(l) Financial
Statements. Attached hereto as Schedule 2.1(l) are true, complete and correct copies of the unaudited balance sheet and statement
of income for Seller for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 (the balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 being the
Most Recent Balance Sheet and the date of such balance sheet being the Most Recent Balance Sheet Date)
(such balance sheets and statements being referred to collectively as the Financial Statements). To the Knowledge
of Seller and the Stockholders, the Financial Statements (including the notes thereto, if any) are correct in all material respects,
have been prepared in accordance with past practice, consistently applied, and fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition of the Seller for the periods of Seller then ended. Seller does not have any indebtedness for borrowed money pertaining to
the Business.

(m) Absence
of Undisclosed Liabilities. To the Knowledge of the Seller and the Stockholder, Seller does not have any liability or obligation,
other than (a) liabilities set forth on the liabilities side of the Most Recent Balance Sheet, (b) liabilities and obligations which
have arisen after the Most Recent Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business or (c) liabilities or obligations which are not
material to Seller, the Business or the Purchased Assets.

-8-

(n) Taxes.
Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(n), Seller has timely filed all tax returns that it was required to file with the appropriate
governmental authorities in all jurisdictions in which such returns are required to be filed. All such tax returns accurately and correctly
reflect the taxes of Seller for the periods covered thereby and are complete in all material respects. All taxes owed by Seller, or for
which Seller may be liable (whether or not shown on any tax return), have been or will be timely paid. Seller is not currently the beneficiary
of any extension of time within which to file any tax return. No claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where Seller
does not file tax returns that Seller is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. There are no liens on any of the Purchased
Assets or assets of Seller that arose in connection with any failure (or alleged failure) to pay any tax.

(o)
[Reserved].

(p) Intellectual
Property Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(p), neither the Seller nor the Stockholder have any patents, trademarks,
copyrights or other material intellectual property rights that are used in the Business.

(q) Brokerage.
Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(q), there are and will be no claims for brokerage commissions, finders fees or similar
compensation in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based on any arrangement or agreement to which Seller
is a party or to which the Business or the Purchased Assets are subject for which Seller or Buyer could become obligated after the Closing.

(r)
Labor Matters.

(i) Schedule
2.1(r) sets forth a true, complete and correct list of (i) all employees and contractors of Seller (collectively, the Employees)
with the name of the employing company of each and the country and state in which the employee normally works, (ii) the position, date
of hire, current annual rate of compensation (or with respect to employees compensated on an hourly or per diem basis, the hourly or
per diem rate of compensation), including any bonus, contingent or deferred compensation, and estimated or target annual incentive compensation
of each such person, (iii) the exempt or non-exempt classification of such person on the Fair Labor Standards Act and any other applicable
law regarding the payment of wages; and (iv) the total compensation for each executive and key employee during the fiscal years ending
December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, in each case including any bonus, contingent or deferred compensation. Current and complete
copies of all employment contracts or, where oral, written summaries of the terms thereof, have been delivered or made available to Buyer.

(ii) Seller
and any affiliate of Seller (to the extent related to the Business) have not been a party to or otherwise bound by any collective bargaining
agreement or relationship with any labor union, works council, trade association, or other such employee representative, have not committed
any material unfair labor practice and have not, within the past three years, implemented any plant closing or layoff of employees that
could implicate the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, as amended, or any similar foreign, state, provincial
or local plant closing or mass layoff Law (collectively, the WARN Act).

(s) Affiliate
Transactions.

(i) Except
as set forth on Schedule 2.1(s), no employee, officer, director or stockholder of Seller or affiliate of Seller, or any
person in the immediate family group of any of the foregoing (each, a Seller Affiliate) (i) is a party to any
agreement, contract, commitment, arrangement, or transaction with Seller or that pertains to the business of Seller other than any
employment, non- competition, confidentiality or other similar agreements between Seller and any person who is an officer, director
or employee of Seller (each, an Affiliate Agreement); or (ii) owns, leases, or has any economic or other
interest in any asset, tangible or intangible (including Intellectual Property Rights), that is used in, held for use in, or
necessary for the operation of the business of Seller as currently conducted and as currently proposed to be conducted (together
with the Affiliate Agreements, collectively the Affiliate Transactions).

-9-

(ii) As
of the Closing, there will be no outstanding or unsatisfied obligations of any kind (including inter-company accounts, notes, guarantees,
loans, or advances) between Seller, on the one hand, and a Seller Affiliate on the other hand, except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(s)
(and a true, complete and correct copy of which has been provided to Buyer).

(t) Customers,
Distributors and Vendors. Schedule 2.1(t) sets forth a complete and accurate list of: (a) the ten (10) largest customers
of the Business (measured by the aggregate amount purchased by the customer) during the 6-month period ended December 31, 2024
(each, a Material Customer and collectively, the Material Customers), showing the
approximate total sales to each such Material Customer during such 6-month period and the percentage of the total sales represented
by such sales, and (b) the ten (10) largest vendors of the Business (measured by the aggregate amount purchased by the Seller)
during the 6-month period ended December 31, 2024 (each a Material Vendor, and collectively, the
Material Vendors), showing the approximate total spend by Seller from each such vendor during such 6-month
period and the percentage of total spend of Seller represented by such spend. No such Material Customer or Material Vendor within
the last six (6) months has canceled or otherwise terminated, or threatened to cancel, or to the Knowledge of Seller or the
Stockholder, intends to cancel or terminate, its relationship with Seller. No Material Customer within the last six (6) months has
decreased materially or threatened to decrease or limit materially its business with Seller, or to the Knowledge of Seller or the
Stockholder, intends to modify materially its relationship with Seller (including changing the terms, whether related to payment,
price or otherwise). No Material Vendor within the last six (6) months has increased or threatened to increase the prices charged by
such distributor or vendor to Seller for the goods or services provided by such vendor to Seller. The relationship of Seller with
each Material Customer and Material Vendor is, to the Knowledge of Seller and the Stockholder, satisfactory and there are no
unresolved material disputes with any Material Customer or Material Vendor.

(u) Accounts
Receivable. All accounts and notes receivable reflected on the Most Recent Balance Sheet are bona fide receivables arising in the
ordinary course of business and neither the Seller nor the Stockholder has any Knowledge that any such accounts receivable are not collectible.
Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(u), there are no liens (other than Permitted Liens) on such receivables or any part thereof
and no agreement for deduction, free goods, discount or other deferred price or quantity adjustment has been made with respect to any
such receivables by Seller.

(v) Inventory.
The inventory of Seller consists of raw materials, manufactured and purchased parts and finished goods saleable or usable in the ordinary
course of business. The inventory of Seller is fit and sufficient for the purposes for which it was provided or manufactured and is normal
and reasonable in kind and amount in light of the normal needs of the Business as presently conducted. Schedule 2.1(v) lists all
items of Inventory included in the Purchased Assets.

(w) Fixed
Assets. The fixed assets of Seller are usable in the ordinary course of business and are fit and sufficient for the purposes for
which they were provided or manufactured and are normal and reasonable in kind and amount in light of the normal needs of the Business
as presently conducted, ordinary wear and tear excepted. Schedule 2.1(w) lists all fixed assets (the Fixed Assets)
included in the Purchased Assets.

(x) Warranty
Claims. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(x), Seller does not provide any express warranties, guaranties or assurances
of products and services. For the past two (2) years, (a) there have not been (and there is no basis for alleging) any product
recalls, withdrawals or seizures with respect to any of the products marketed, sold or delivered by Seller, and (b) there have not
been (and there is no basis for alleging) any material claims against Seller alleging any defects or other deficiency (whether of
design, materials, workmanship, labeling instructions or otherwise) in Sellers services or products, or alleging any failure
of the products or services of Seller to meet applicable specifications, warranties or contractual commitments.

-10-

(y) Credit
Cards. All credit cards issued to or in the name of Seller, and the balances thereof, are set forth on Schedule 2.1(y).

(z) Full
Disclosure. To the Knowledge of the Seller and the Stockholder, no representation or warranty by Seller or Stockholder in this Agreement
and no statement contained in the Schedules to this Agreement or any certificate or other document furnished or to be furnished to Buyer
pursuant to this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading.

2.2 Representations
and Warranties of Buyer. The Buyer represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Seller and the Stockholder as follows:

(a) Organization.
The Buyer is a corporation duly incorporated and in good standing under the laws of Ireland.

(b) Binding
Obligation. The Buyer has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement.
All corporate acts and other proceedings required to be taken by Buyer to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by Buyer
of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly and properly taken. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by Buyer and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with
its terms. The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement does not and will not conflict with, or result in any violation
of, any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Constitution of Buyer, or any provision of any law, ordinance, rule, regulation,
judgment, order, decree, agreement, instrument or license applicable to Buyer or to its respective property or assets. No consent, approval,
order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental
authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, is required by or with respect to Buyer in connection with its execution, delivery
or performance of this Agreement.

(c) Full
Disclosure. To the Knowledge of the Buyer, no representation or warranty by Buyer in this Agreement and no statement contained in
any schedule to this Agreement or any certificate or other document furnished or to be furnished to the Seller or the Stockholder pursuant
to this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading.

ARTICLE
3

INTERIM
COVENANTS

During
the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the Closing, the Seller and the Stockholder each agree (except as expressly
contemplated by this Agreement or to the extent that Buyer shall otherwise consent in writing) that:

3.1 Ordinary
Course. The Seller and the Stockholder shall carry on the Sellers Business in the usual, regular and ordinary course in
substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted and, to the extent consistent with such business, use commercially reasonable
efforts consistent with past practice and policies to preserve intact its present business organization, keep available the services
of its present officers and key employees, preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers and others having business dealings
with it to the end that its goodwill and ongoing business shall be unimpaired as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby
and refrain from making any distributions of cash or other portions of the Purchased Assets to the Stockholder or the other
stockholders of Seller other than normal expense reimbursements consistent with past practice and without material increase in
levels.

-11-

3.2 Access
to Information. Seller shall afford to Buyer and to Buyers accountants, counsel and other representatives, at Buyers
sole cost and expense, reasonable access during normal business hours during the period prior to the Closing to all its books and records,
and, during such period, Seller shall furnish promptly to Buyer all information concerning its business, properties and personnel as
Buyer may reasonably request. The Seller will also grant the Buyer access to sales representatives and support staff at a mutually agreeable
time and in a manner designed to minimize any interruption to Sellers business. Buyer will not contact staff or customers of Seller
directly without the consent of Seller. Buyer will hold such information obtained pursuant hereto in confidence until such time as such
information otherwise becomes publicly available and in the event of termination of this Agreement for any reason Buyer shall promptly
return, or cause to be returned, to Seller all nonpublic documents obtained from Seller which it would not otherwise have been entitled
to obtain; and shall use the information only for purposes of the transactions contemplated hereby and not in any other manner whatsoever.
Whenever Buyer desires information pursuant to this Section 3.2, Buyer shall request such information from the Seller and provide
Seller with sufficient time to allow Buyer or its representatives to visit Sellers place of business and review and copy such
information.

3.3 Exclusivity.
In consideration of the substantial investment of time and resources that the Buyer will make in connection with its due diligence investigation
of the Purchased Assets and the Seller, the Stockholder and the Seller jointly and severally agree, that, for a period ending on April
30, 2025 (the Exclusivity Period), neither the Seller nor the Stockholder shall and shall cause their respective
employees, affiliates, directors, stockholders or representatives not to, directly or indirectly, provide information regarding the Seller
to, or initiate, negotiate, or hold any discussions or enter into any understanding or agreement with, any party other than the Buyer
with respect to any Competitive Transaction (as defined below). To the extent such discussions or negotiations are on-going, they will
be terminated. In addition, the Seller and the Stockholder each agree to immediately communicate to the Buyer the terms of any proposal
relating to a Competitive Transaction received by the Seller or the Stockholder, or the employees, directors, or representatives of any
of such parties during the Exclusivity Period. For purposes of this Letter, a Competitive Transaction is a transaction
involving, directly or indirectly, the acquisition of all or any material portion of the assets of, or of any of the outstanding equity
interests in, the Seller regardless of the structure of any such acquisition, or the authorization of any advisors of the Seller to take
any action for the purposes of advancing any such acquisition with any party other than the Buyer or any other material transaction that
is inconsistent with this Agreement.

3.4 Notification
of Certain Matters. From the date of this Agreement through the earlier of the Closing and the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with its terms, Buyer and Seller shall give each other written notice as soon as reasonably practicable of: (a) the
occurrence, or failure to occur, of any result, occurrence, fact, change, event or effect which occurrence or failure could,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to cause any of such partys representations or warranties contained
in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect; (b) the failure by such party to comply with or satisfy in any
respect any covenant, condition or agreement required to be complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement; (c) any results,
occurrences, facts, changes, events or effects has had, or would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
(i) a material adverse effect on the Business or the Seller or (ii) a material adverse effect on such partys ability to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in a timely manner; or (d) any actions, suits, claims, investigations,
audits or proceedings commenced or, to the knowledge of such party, threatened against the notifying party or otherwise affecting
the notifying party, which relate to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

-12-

ARTICLE
4

ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS

4.1 Expenses.
Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, all costs and expenses incurred by the Buyer, the Seller or the
Stockholder in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such costs;
provided, however, that if the Closing occurs, the Stockholder shall be responsible for and pay any and all transaction related
expenses of the Seller if the Seller does not pay such expenses and none of such expenses shall be due and payable by the Seller following
the Closing.

4.2 Press
Release; Communications. None of the parties hereto shall issue a press release or other publicity announcing the sale of the Purchased
Assets or any other aspect of the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written approval of the other party, unless such
disclosure is required by applicable law or unless such disclosure is made by the Buyer or its affiliates following the Closing. The
Seller and the Stockholder acknowledge that the Buyer may be required by federal securities laws to disclose the material terms of this
Agreement through the filing with the SEC of a Current Report on Form 8-K and that the Buyer may attach a copy of this Agreement as an
exhibit to such Current Report or as an exhibit to the Buyers next Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The parties agree to work together
to develop a communication and client positioning strategy to ensure maximum retention of clients of the Business. The Stockholder will
communicate this transaction as a win-win strategic alliance that is beneficial for all parties including customers, when communicating
with all external stakeholders.

4.3 Confidentiality.
Negotiations between the parties and all information received by the parties in the course of negotiations and prior to the closing of
the transaction shall be kept in strict confidence pending completion of the transaction and there shall be no disclosure that any agreement
has been entered into, without all parties written consent except to the extent required by applicable law, including the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All parties acknowledge they have executed and will continue to be bound until Closing by the confidentiality
agreement entered into between Buyer and Seller on September 20, 2024. As of the Closing, each of the Seller and the Stockholder will
treat and hold as such all of the Confidential Information, refrain from using any of the Confidential Information except in connection
with this Agreement, and deliver promptly to the Buyer or destroy, at the request and option of the Buyer, all tangible embodiments (and
all copies) of the Confidential Information which are in his or its possession. In the event that either the Seller or the Stockholder
is requested or required (by oral question or request for information or documents in any legal proceeding, interrogatory, subpoena,
civil investigative demand, or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Information, that party will, if legally permissible, notify
the Buyer promptly of the request or requirement so that the Buyer may seek an appropriate protective order or waive compliance with
the provisions of this Section 4.3. If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, either the Seller
or the Stockholder is, on the advice of counsel, compelled to disclose any Confidential Information to any tribunal or else stand liable
for contempt, that Seller or Stockholder may disclose the Confidential Information to the tribunal; provided, however, that the
disclosing Seller or Stockholder shall use his or its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, at the request of the Buyer, an order
or other assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Confidential Information required to be disclosed
as the Buyer shall designate. The foregoing provisions shall not apply to any Confidential Information which is generally available to
the public immediately prior to the time of disclosure.

-13-

Confidential
Information means any information concerning the Business and affairs of the Seller that is not generally available to the
public and shall include any and all information relating to the price and terms of this Agreement.

4.4 Covenant
Not to Compete or Solicit. For a period of three (3) years following the Closing Date (the Noncompetition Period),
except on behalf of the Buyer, neither the Seller nor the Stockholder will engage directly or indirectly in any business that is directly
competitive with the Business worldwide. Additionally, for a period of three (3) years following the Closing, neither the Seller nor
the Stockholder shall induce or attempt to induce any customer, or supplier of the Buyer or any affiliate of the Buyer to terminate its
relationship with the Buyer or any affiliate of the Buyer or to enter into any business relationship to provide or purchase the same
or substantially the same services as are provided to or purchased from the Business which might harm the Buyer or any affiliate of the
Buyer. For a period of three (3) years following the Closing, neither the Seller nor the Stockholder shall, on behalf of any entity other
than the Buyer or an affiliate of the Buyer, hire or retain, or attempt to hire or retain, in any capacity any person who is, or was
at any time during the preceding 12 months, an employee or officer of the Buyer or an affiliate of the Buyer; provided, however,
that is shall not be a violation of this sentence if the employee or officer is responding to a recruiter of general solicitation not
specifically targeted at the employee of officer, or the employee or officer, of his or her volition makes initial contact with Seller.
For purposes of this Section 4.4, an affiliate of the Buyer shall refer to a person or entity, the identity of which is known
to Seller or the Stockholder as an affiliate of the Buyer, and which is in the same business as the Business. If the final judgment of
a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Section 4.4 is invalid or unenforceable, the parties
agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or
area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with
a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, and this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment
may be appealed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Seller nor the Stockholder shall be required to comply with this Section
4.4 at any time that the Buyer is in material breach of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents; provided that the
Seller and the Stockholder provide the Buyer with written notice of such material breach and a thirty (30) day opportunity to cure such
material breach.

4.5 Employee
Benefit Matters. Seller shall be responsible for and shall, as of the Closing Date, have fully paid and satisfied in full all other
amounts owed to any Employee as of the Closing Date (including, without limitation, all amounts owed through the most recent pay date
prior to the Closing Date and all amounts owed to any Employee from and after such most recent pay date through the Closing Date), including
payroll, wages, salaries, severance pay, accrued vacation, any employment, incentive, compensation or bonus agreements or other benefits
or payments (including without limitation all payments, obligations and other entitlements associated with any Employee Benefit Plan)
relating to the period of employment by Seller, or any Affiliate of Seller (to the extent related to the Business) or on account of the
termination thereof, and Seller shall indemnify Buyer and hold Buyer harmless from any liabilities or liens thereunder.

4.6
Tax Matters.

(a)
Seller shall pay any sales, use, transfer tax or similar taxes that may arise out of or result from the transactions consummated
pursuant to this Agreement or the Transaction Documents. Following the Closing, Buyer, Seller and Stockholder shall cooperate fully,
as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other party and at the expense of the other party, in connection with the filing of
any tax returns and any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to taxes. Such cooperation shall include the retention
and (upon the other partys request) the provision of records and information which are reasonably relevant to any such audit,
litigation or other proceeding and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and
explanation of any material provided hereunder. Buyer agrees to retain all books and records with respect to tax matters pertinent
to Seller relating to any taxable period beginning after the Closing Date until the expiration of the applicable statute of
limitations on assessment for the respective taxable periods, and to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any
taxing authority. The tax compliance history of the Seller will be retained by the Seller, but the Buyer shall receive a copy of all
pertinent records. Seller, Buyer and Stockholder will cooperate in the preparation and filing of all tax returns and other documents
relating to transfer taxes, including any that would relate to an applicable exemption or reduction for such taxes.

-14-

(b) The
transfer of the Purchased Assets is by way of a transfer of a business as a going concern under Section 20(2)(c) of the Value-Added Tax
Consolidation Act 2010 (the VAT Act). The Buyer represents and warrants to the Seller that the Buyer is an Accountable
Person for the purposes of Section 20(2)(c) the VAT Act and the Buyer has taken or will take all steps necessary to be taken on the Buyers
part so that the sale of the Purchased Assets to the Buyer will qualify for relief from value added tax under Section 20(2)(c) of the
VAT Act, and that the sale of the Purchased Assets shall not be a supply of goods for the purposes of the VAT Act. The Buyer shall indemnify
and keep the Seller indemnified against any loss, cost or liability which arises because of such warranty being or becoming untrue or
incorrect in any respect due to the act, neglect or default of the Buyer.

ARTICLE
5

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT

5.1 Conditions
to Each Partys Obligation. The respective obligations of each party hereunder shall be subject to the satisfaction prior to
the Closing Date of the following conditions:

(a) Approvals.
All authorizations, consents, orders or approvals of, or declarations or filings with, or expiration of waiting periods imposed by, any
governmental entity necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been filed, occurred
or been obtained.

(b) Legal
Action. No action, suit or proceeding shall have been instituted or threatened before any court or governmental body seeking to challenge
or restrain the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c) Employment
Agreement. The Buyer and Eric Quinn shall have entered into a mutually agreeable employment contract.

(d) Closing
Documents. The Transaction Documents to be delivered at the Closing shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each
of the parties.

5.2 Conditions
to Obligations of Buyer. The obligations of Buyer to effect the transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the satisfaction
of the following conditions unless waived by Buyer:

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Seller and the Stockholder set forth in this Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as, and Buyer shall
have received a certificate signed by the chief executive officer of Seller to such effect.

(b) Performance
of Obligations of Seller and Stockholder. The Seller and the Stockholder shall have performed all obligations required to be performed
by them under this Agreement prior to the Closing Date, and Buyer shall have received a certificate signed by the chief executive officer
of Seller to such effect.

-15-

(c) Satisfactory
Completion of Due Diligence. The Buyer shall have completed its due diligence review of the Seller and the results thereof shall
be satisfactory to the Buyer in its sole discretion, including, among other things, Buyers confirmation of the value of the Purchased
Assets.

(d) Assumed
Contracts. The Buyer shall have confirmed the Assumed Contracts or received satisfactory alternative evidence that the Assumed Contracts
are in full force and effect without default.

(e) No
Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2024, there shall have been no material adverse change in the financial condition, results
of operations, business or assets of Seller.

(f) Consents
and Actions. All requisite consents of any third parties and any requisite consents of the minority stockholders of the Seller to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained.

(g) Financing.
Buyers receipt of cash proceeds from a financing transaction in an amount necessary to finance the transaction contemplated under
this Agreement to pay related fees and expenses and provide adequate ongoing working capital.

(h) Release
of Interests. Provision satisfactory to Buyer shall have been made for the release, at the cost of Seller, of any lien, charges,
security interests or encumbrances which encumber any of the Purchased Assets and the cost of such releases shall be borne by the Seller.

(i) Delivery
and Review of Disclosure Schedules. The Seller shall have delivered definitive Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement to the Buyer,
together with all documents referred to thereon, in final form within 30 days of the date hereof. The Buyer shall have 30 days following
delivery of such schedules and such documents in which to terminate this Agreement if the Buyer objects to any information contained
in such Disclosure Schedules or the contents of any such document and Buyer and Seller cannot agree on mutually satisfactory modifications
thereto.

(j) Execution
of Real Property Lease. Buyer shall have entered into a new triple net lease with the landlord of the leased premises.

(k) Board
Approval. The Board of Directors and stockholders of Seller approving the transaction contemplated under this Agreement.

(l) Closing
Deliveries. The Seller shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Buyer at or prior to the Closing the following documents:

(i) Such
certificates, executed by officers of Seller, as Buyer may reasonably request, including a certificate certifying all items of Inventory
included in the Purchased Assets as listed on Schedule 2.1(v).

(ii) Consents
executed by all necessary parties to permit Buyer to assume the Sellers interest in any contracts acquired among the Purchased
Assets and all fixed assets included in the Purchased Assets and each items depreciated value as listed on Schedule 2.12.1(f)
.

(iii) A
bill of sale, assignment and assumption agreement (the Bill of Sale) and such other documents as may be required
to convey all of Seller's right, title and interest in all personal property included in the Purchased Assets.

(iv) Such
other documents, instruments or certificates as shall be reasonably requested by Buyer or its counsel.

-16-

5.3 Conditions
to Obligations of Seller. The obligations of the Seller to effect the transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the satisfaction
of the following conditions unless waived by Seller:

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Buyer set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, and the Seller shall
have received a certificate signed by the chief executive officer of the Buyer to such effect.

(b) Performance
of Obligations of Buyer. Buyer shall have performed all obligations required to be performed by it and this Agreement prior to the
Closing Date, and the Seller shall have received a certificate signed by the chief executive officer of Buyer to such effect.

(c) Consents
and Actions. All requisite consents of any third parties or governmental agencies to the transactions contemplated hereby shall have
been obtained.

(d) Board
Approval. The Board of Directors of Buyer approving the transaction contemplated under this Agreement.

(e) Other
Documents. The Seller shall have received such other documents, instruments or certificates as shall be reasonably requested by the
Seller or its counsel.

(f) Closing
Deliveries. Buyer shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Seller at or prior to the Closing the following documents:

(i)
The Bill of Sale.

(ii) The
Cash Portion of the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1.4(b)(i) by wire transfer of immediately funds to an account or
accounts specified by Seller.

(iii)
The Seller Note.

(iv)
The Seller Warrant.

(v) Such
other documents, instruments or certificates as shall be reasonably requested by Seller or its counsel.

ARTICLE
6

INDEMNIFICATION

6.1 Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties of the Seller and the Stockholder contained in this
Agreement shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months thereafter, provided
that the representations and warranties contained in Sections 2.1(a) (Ownership of Seller), Sections 2.1(b) (Binding
Obligation), 2.1(d) (Title to Personal Property), 2.1(j) (Employee Benefit Plans), 2.1(k) (Environmental
Matters) and 2.1(n) (Taxes) (such representations being referred to herein as the Fundamental
Representations) shall continue in full force and effect for a period equal to the applicable statute of limitations. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect for a period equal to
the applicable statute of limitations. This Section 6.1 shall survive so long as any representations, warranties or
indemnification obligations of any party survive hereunder.

-17-

6.2
Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of the Buyer.

(a) Subject
to Section 6.1, in the event the Seller or the Stockholder breaches any of its or his respective representations, warranties,
and covenants contained in this Agreement, and, if there is an applicable survival period pursuant to Section 6.1 above, provided
that the Buyer makes a written claim for indemnification against the Seller and the Stockholder pursuant to Section 8.6 below
within such survival period, which written claim shall, to the extent possible, specifically identify the basis for indemnification and
any relevant facts forming the basis for such claim, then the Seller and the Stockholder agree to indemnify the Buyer from and against
the entirety of any Adverse Consequences (as defined below) the Buyer may suffer through and after the date of the claim for indemnification
(including any Adverse Consequences the Buyer or such affiliate of the Buyer may suffer after the end of any applicable survival period)
resulting from, arising out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by the breach. For purposes of this Agreement, Adverse
Consequences means all actions, suits, proceedings, hearings, investigations, charges, complaints, claims, demands, injunctions,
judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, damages, dues, penalties, fines, costs, amounts paid in settlement, liabilities, obligations, taxes,
liens, losses, lost value, expenses, and fees, including court costs and attorneys' fees and expenses.

(b) In
addition to the indemnification provided in Section 6.2(a), the Seller and the Stockholder agree to indemnify the Buyer from and
against the entirety of any Adverse Consequences the Buyer and any affiliate of the Buyer may suffer resulting from, arising out of,
relating to, in the nature of, or caused by:

(i)
Any Excluded Liability; and

(ii) Any
liability of Seller which is not an Assumed Liability and which is imposed upon the Buyer under any bulk transfer law of any jurisdiction
or under any common law doctrine of de facto merger or successor liability so long as such liability arises out of the ownership, use
or operation of the assets of the Seller, or the operation or conduct of the Business prior to the Closing.

6.3
Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of the Seller and the Stockholder.

(a) In
the event the Buyer breaches any of its representations, warranties, and covenants contained in this Agreement, and, if there is an applicable
survival period pursuant to Section 6.1 above, provided that any of the Seller or the Stockholder make a written claim for indemnification
against the Buyer pursuant to Section 8.6 below within such survival period which written claim shall, to the extent possible,
specifically identify the basis for indemnification and any relevant facts forming the basis for such claim, then the Buyer agrees to
indemnify the Seller and the Stockholder from and against the entirety of any Adverse Consequences the Seller and the Stockholder may
suffer through and after the date of the claim for indemnification (including any Adverse Consequences the Seller and the Stockholder
may suffer after the end of any applicable survival period) resulting from, arising out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused
by the breach.

(b) In
addition to the indemnification provided in Section 6.3(a), the Buyer agrees to indemnify the Seller and the Stockholder from
and against the entirety of any Adverse Consequences any Seller or the Stockholder may suffer resulting from, arising out of, relating
to, in the nature of, or caused by:

(i)
Any Assumed Liability; or

(ii) Any
liability (other than any Excluded Liability) asserted by a third party against any of the Seller or the Stockholder which arises out
of the ownership of the Purchased Assets after the Closing or the operation by the Buyer of the business conducted with the Purchased
Assets after the Closing Date.

-18-

6.4 Limitation
on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.3(a), in no event shall
the Buyer have or assert any claim against the Seller or the Stockholder, or the Seller or the Stockholder have or assert any claim against
the Buyer based upon or arising out of the breach of any representation or warranty, unless, until and to the extent that the aggregate
of all such claims under Section 6.2(a), in the case of claims by the Buyer, or under Section 6.3(a), in the case of claims
by the Seller or the Stockholder, exceeds a Thirty Thousand Dollar ($30,000) aggregate threshold. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
threshold limitation expressed in the immediately preceding sentence shall not apply to claims by the Buyer for breach by the Seller
or the Stockholder of any of the Fundamental Representations. In addition, the Buyers aggregate remedy with respect to any and
all indemnifiable losses shall in no event exceed (i) with respect to claims related to breach of the Fundamental Representations, the
Final Purchase Price or (ii) with respect to all other claims, 50% of the Final Purchase Price.

6.5
Matters Involving Third Parties.

(a) If
any third party shall notify any party (the Indemnified Party) with respect to any matter (a Third Party
Claim) which may give rise to a claim for indemnification against any other Party (the Indemnifying Party)
under this Article 6, then the Indemnified Party shall promptly notify each Indemnifying Party thereof in writing; provided,
however, that no delay on the part of the Indemnified Party in notifying any Indemnifying Party shall relieve the Indemnifying Party
from any obligation hereunder unless (and then solely to the extent) the Indemnifying Party thereby is prejudiced by such delay.

(b) Any
Indemnifying Party will have the right to defend the Indemnified Party against the Third Party Claim with counsel of its choice reasonably
satisfactory to the Indemnified Party so long as (A) the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party in writing within 15 days
after the Indemnified Party has given written notice of the Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party will indemnify the Indemnified
Party from and against any Adverse Consequences the Indemnified Party may suffer resulting from, arising out of, relating to, in the
nature of, or caused by the Third Party Claim, (B) the Indemnifying Party provides the Indemnified Party with evidence reasonably acceptable
to the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party will have the financial resources to defend against the Third Party Claim and fulfill
its indemnification obligations hereunder, and (C) the Indemnifying Party conducts the defense of the Third Party Claim actively and
diligently. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle a Third Party Claim without the reasonable consent of the Indemnified Party, unless
the Indemnified Party is fully released from the Third Party Claim and the Third Party Claim is dismissed with prejudice against the
Indemnified Party.

(c) So
long as the Indemnifying Party is conducting the defense of the Third Party Claim in accordance with Section 6.5(b) above, (A)
the Indemnified Party may retain separate co-counsel at its sole cost and expense and participate in the defense of the Third Party Claim,
(B) the Indemnified Party will not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement with respect to the Third Party
Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (not to be withheld unreasonably), and (C) the Indemnifying Party will
not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement with respect to the Third Party Claim without the prior written
consent of the Indemnified Party (not to be withheld unreasonably).

(d) In
the event any of the conditions in Section 6.5(b) above is or becomes unsatisfied, however, (A) the Indemnified Party may defend
against, and consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement with respect to, the Third Party Claim in any manner it
reasonably may deem appropriate (and the Indemnified Party need not consult with, or obtain any consent from, any Indemnifying Party
in connection therewith), (B) the Indemnifying Parties will reimburse the Indemnified Party promptly and periodically for the costs of
defending against the Third Party Claim (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses), and (C) the Indemnifying Parties will remain
responsible for any Adverse Consequences the Indemnified Party may suffer resulting from, arising out of, relating to, in the nature
of, or caused by the Third Party Claim to the fullest extent provided in this Article 6.

-19-

6.6 Recoupment.
If, after providing Seller with a written claim that specifically identifies the basis for indemnification and any relevant facts forming
the basis for such claim, resolution of the claim between the parties and Seller fails to indemnify Buyer within 30 days following the
resolution of the claim, the Buyer shall have the right of recouping all or any part of any Adverse Consequences it may suffer by notifying
the Stockholder that the Buyer is reducing the Installment Payments or Earnout Payments by the amount of such Adverse Consequences.

ARTICLE
7

TERMINATION

7.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Closing:

(a)
by mutual consent of the Buyer, the Stockholder and
the Seller;

(b) by
any of the Buyer, the Stockholder or the Seller if there has been a material misrepresentation or breach of covenant or agreement contained
in this Agreement on the part of the other and such breach of a covenant or agreement has not been promptly cured after at least fourteen
(14) days written notice is given;

(c) by
Buyer if any of the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 shall not have been satisfied before April 30, 2025 (the Outside
Date), or such later date as the Buyer, the Stockholder and Seller shall mutually agree in writing;

(d) by
the Seller or the Stockholder if any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.1 or Section 5.3 shall not have been
satisfied before the Outside Date, or such later date as the Buyer, Stockholder and Seller shall mutually agree in
writing

ARTICLE
8

GENERAL PROVISIONS

8.1 Sales
Taxes. All sales and use taxes, if any, due under the laws of any state, any local government authority, or the federal government
of the United States, in connection with the purchase and sale of the Purchased Assets shall be paid by Buyer.

8.2 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by electronic means and by email in portable document format, all
of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by
each of the parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.

8.3 Governing
Law; Venue and Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including validity, interpretation and effect, by
the internal laws of the State of Nevada without regard to conflict of law principles thereof. Any dispute shall be resolved in the state
or federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The provisions of this Section 8.3 shall survive the entry of any judgment,
and will not merge, or be deemed to have merged, into any judgment.

8.4 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the parties and supersedes
any prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, to the extent they related in any
way to the subject matter hereof.

-20-

8.5 Succession
and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties named herein and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. No party may assign either this Agreement or any of his or its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without
the prior written approval of the Buyer, the Stockholder and the Seller; provided, however, that the Buyer may (i) assign any
or all of its rights and interests hereunder to one or more of its affiliates, (ii) designate one or more of its affiliates to perform
its obligations hereunder (in any or all of which cases the Buyer nonetheless shall remain responsible for the performance of all of
its obligations hereunder), and (iii) collaterally assign any or all of its rights and interests hereunder to one or more lenders of
the Buyer.

8.6
Notices.

(a) All
notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications among the parties shall be in writing and given to the respective parties
at their respective addresses set forth on the signature page to this Agreement (or to such other address as the Party shall have furnished
to the other Parties in writing in accordance with the provisions of this Section 8.6).

(b) All
notices shall be given (i) by delivery in person; (ii) by international overnight courier service (charges prepaid); or (iii) by electronic
mail to the address of the party specified on the signature page to this Agreement or such other address as either party may specify
in writing.

(c) All
notices shall be effective upon receipt or refusal of receipt, by the party to which notice is given.

8.7 Severability.
Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in
any other situation or in any other jurisdiction.

8.8 Amendment
and Waiver. No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective against either party unless
such modification, amendment or waiver is approved in writing by each party hereto. The failure of any party to enforce any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall in no way be construed as a waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the right of such party thereafter
to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

8.9 Specific
Performance. Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that the other parties would be damaged irreparably in the event any of
the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise are breached. Accordingly, each
of the parties agrees that the other parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the provisions
of this Agreement and to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof in any action instituted in any court
of the United States or any state thereof having jurisdiction over the parties and the matter, in addition to any other remedy to which
they may be entitled, at law or in equity.

[Signature
page follows]

-21-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Buyer, the Stockholder and the Seller have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

BUYER: SELLER:

CLEANCORE GLOBAL LIMITED SANZONATE EUROPE INC.

By: /s/ Clayton Adams By: /s/ Kenneth Klein

Name: Clayton Adams Name: Kenneth Klein

Title: Director Title: President

Address: 5920 S 118th Circle Address: 952 Echo Lane, Ste 340

Omaha, NE 68137 Houston, TX 77024

Attn: Clayton Adams Attention: Kenneth Klein

Email: Email: 

with a copy, which shall not constitute
notice to Buyer, to: with a copy, which shall not constitute
notice to Seller, to:

BEVILACQUA PLLC Law Office of Anthony F. Newton

1050 Connecticut Avenue, NW 8810 Luray Court

Suite 500 Rosenberg, Texas 77469

Washington, DC 20036 Attention: Anthony F. Newton

Attention: Louis A. Bevilacqua, Esq. Email:

Email: 

[ADDITIONAL
SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

[SIGNATURE PAGE 1

TO CLEANCORE / SANZONATE APA]

STOCKHOLDER:

SANZONATE
GLOBAL, INC.

By: /s/
Kenneth Klein

Name: Kenneth Klein

Title: President

Address: 952 Echo Lane, Ste 340

Houston, TX 77024

Attention: Kenneth Klein

Email: 

with a copy, which shall not constitute
notice to Seller, to:

Law Office of Anthony F. Newton

8810 Luray Court

Rosenberg, Texas 77469

Attention: Anthony F. Newton

Email:

[SIGNATURE PAGE 2

TO CLEANCORE / SANZONATE APA]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023212801ex99-1_cleancore.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED FEBRUARY 25, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

CleanCore Solutions, Inc. (ZONE) Signs Definitive
Agreement to Acquire Sanzonate Europe,

the Largest Aqueous Ozone Product Distributor in Europe, Strengthening Financial 

Performance and
Unlocking a Multi-Million Dollar Sales Pipeline

Acquisition Expected to Generate Immediate Value
and Accelerate High-Margin Revenue Growth

Acquisition Expected to Strengthen CleanCores
European Market Position and Overall Global Expansion

Acquisition to be Completed Without Requiring
a Dilutive Equity Capital Raise, Preserving Shareholder Value

Omaha, NE, February 25, 2025 - CleanCore Solutions,
Inc. (NYSE American: ZONE) (CleanCore or the Company), developer of patented technology
that works as a safe and low-cost replacement for traditional cleaning chemicals, today announced it has executed a definitive agreement
to acquire Sanzonate Europe Ltd. (Sanzonate), the largest distributor of aqueous ozone cleaning technologies in Europe.

The Company believes this strategic acquisition
will position CleanCore as a market leader in Europe, delivering immediate accretion, driving higher-margin revenue growth, and unlocking
a substantial multi-million-dollar sales pipeline.

Key Highlights:

Immediate Revenue Growth: Sanzonate currently has over 30 distribution partners as well as direct
customers with a net backlog of over $10 million.

Future Revenue Growth Potential: The acquisition is expected to unlock a sales pipeline of approximately
$20+ million, providing future visibility into top-line growth.

Enhanced Profitability: The transaction is expected to eliminate intermediaries, improving gross
margins and EBITDA.

Capital-Efficient Structure: The acquisition is intended to be financed primarily through a seller-financed
carryback note and earnout, preserving shareholder value.

Valuable Asset Acquisition: CleanCore expects to receive approximately $500,000 in inventory and
$450,000 in accounts receivable as part of the acquisition; CleanCore will not assume any liabilities, ensuring a clean balance sheet
post-transaction.

Market Leadership in Europe: CleanCore expects to gain full control of Europes largest aqueous
ozone distribution network.

Strategic Global Expansion: The Company believes that the Sanzonate infrastructure and personnel
to be acquired will position CleanCore for rapid scalability across Asia, South America, and other key international markets.

Commitment to Sustainability: CleanCore believes the proposed acquisition will align with Europes
strong focus on green cleaning solutions, with seven of the worlds eight most sustainable countries located in the EU.

With the full integration of Sanzonates
established distribution network, a seasoned EU-based leadership team, and an untapped backlog of demand, CleanCore is expected to solidify
its position as the global leader in sustainable cleaning solutions. The Company believes that the acquisition will provide the Company
with direct control over Europes largest aqueous ozone distribution network, allowing it to capitalize on Europes accelerating
corporate sustainability and green initiatives. Following integration, this move is anticipated to secure long-term recurring revenue
streams and enhance operational efficiencies.

Clayton Adams, CEO of CleanCore Solutions, commented,
This proposed acquisition will mark a defining moment for our Company history. Since the IPO, our teams have been working diligently
on this transaction, and this acquisition is expected to accelerate our global expansion by years. Additionally, by establishing CleanCore
as a market leader in Europe and unlocking a multi-million-dollar recurring revenue pipelinewithout requiring an equity capital
raisewe expect to deliver greater revenues, higher margins, and significant long-term value for our investors. Furthermore, we
intend to effectively leverage our IPO capital to forge agreements with major partners and build a strategic roadmap for long-term, sustainable
success. Our vision of becoming the world leader in sustainable cleaning solutions is now closer than ever.

Eric Quinn, President of Sanzonate Europe, added,
We are very pleased with this proposed acquisition as it will bring together two industry leaders allowing streamlined operations,
reduced costs, and enhanced margins- enabling us to serve our global customers more efficiently and deliver market-leading service. Not
only will this excite the business, but it will allow us to bring innovative products to an exciting and developing market sector. We
are confident that we will continue as industry disruptors, innovators, and leaders across the globe while supporting our clients ESG
and cost reduction missions.

The acquisition is structured to maximize capital
efficiency while preserving shareholder value. CleanCore has secured the deal primarily through a seller-financed carryback note and an
earnout, minimizing upfront costs and aligning incentives for future growth. The financing terms include a cash payment of $600,000, a
$625,000 promissory note, due in two years at 10% interest, and annual earnout payments for 5 years totaling up to $1,250,000 (approximately
10% payment for every $2 million in sales). CleanCore expects to gain approximately $500,000 in inventory and $450,000 in accounts receivable
as part of the acquisition. Notably, CleanCore did not assume any liabilities, ensuring a clean financial position post-transaction.

Completion of the acquisition is subject to a
number of conditions. The acquisition is expected to close on or before March 7, 2025.

About Sanzonate Europe Ltd.

Sanzonate Europe Ltd. is the largest distributor
of aqueous ozone cleaning technologies in Europe, providing eco-friendly, chemical-free solutions to major industries across the EU. By
utilizing only air and water, Sanzonates innovative technologies help reduce waste, eliminate single-use plastics, and lower carbon
emissions, offering a cost-effective and sustainable alternative to traditional cleaning methods.

2

About CleanCore Solutions

CleanCore Solutions, Inc. (NYSE American: ZONE)
is dedicated to revolutionizing cleaning and disinfection practices by harnessing the power of its patented aqueous ozone technology.
The Companys mission is to empower its customers with cost-effective, sustainable solutions that surpass traditional cleaning methods.
Through innovation and commitment to excellence, CleanCore strives to create a healthier, greener future for generations to come. For
more information, please visit https://www.cleancoresol.com/.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains information about
our views of future expectations, plans, and prospects with respect to CleanCores business, financial condition, and results of
operations that constitute or may constitute forward-looking statements. Any and all forward-looking statements are based on the managements
beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of CleanCores future economic performance, taking into account the information currently
available to it. These statements are not statements of historical fact. Although CleanCore believes the expectations reflected in such
forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained. CleanCore
does not undertake any duty to update any statements contained herein (including any forward-looking statements), except as required by
law. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of factors, risks, and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to
us, that may cause CleanCores actual results, performance or financial condition to be materially different from the expectations
of future results, performance or financial position. Actual results may differ materially from the expectations discussed in forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations include general industry considerations, regulatory
changes, changes in local or national economic conditions and other risks set forth in Risk Factors included in our filings
with the SEC.

Investor Relations:

Crescendo Communications, LLC

Email: zone@crescendo-ir.com

Tel: (212) 671-1020

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>zone-20250221.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>zone-20250221_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>zone-20250221_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42033

Entity Registrant Name CLEANCORE SOLUTIONS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001956741

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-4042082

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 5920 S. 118th Circle

Entity Address, City or Town Omaha

Entity Address, State or Province NE

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 68137

City Area Code 877

Local Phone Number 860-3030

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ZONE

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cleancoresol.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0232128-8k_cleancore.htm 
zone-20250221.xsd 
zone-20250221_lab.xml 
zone-20250221_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-017450-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0232128-8k_cleancore_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001956741 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001956741 
8-K 
2025-02-21 
CLEANCORE SOLUTIONS, INC. 
NV 
001-42033 
88-4042082 
5920 S. 118th Circle 
Omaha 
NE 
68137 
877 
860-3030 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ZONE 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>