<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-005461.txt : 20250207
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-005461.hdr.sgml : 20250207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250207172638
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-005461
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CALLAN JMB INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002032545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				990931141
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42506
		FILM NUMBER:		25602969

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 FLIGHTLINE DRIVE
		CITY:			SPRING BRANCH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(830) 438-0395

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 FLIGHTLINE DRIVE
		CITY:			SPRING BRANCH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78070
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000203254500020325452025-02-042025-02-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 4, 2025

Callan
JMB Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-42506 99-0931141

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

244
Flightline Drive

Spring
Branch, Texas 78070

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (830)438-0395

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value CJMB The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item.
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 4, 2025, Callan JMB Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), entered into an Underwriting Agreement with Alexander
Capital L.P. (the Representative), as representative of the underwriters listed on Schedule 1 thereto (the Underwriting
Agreement), relating to the Companys initial public offering (the Offering) of 1,280,000 shares (the Shares)
of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), at an offering price of $4.00 per share.

The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to 192,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of $4.00
per share, which represents 15% of the number of Shares sold in the Offering, less the underwriting discount.

The
Shares were offered and sold pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-282879), originally
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on October 29, 2024 (the Registration Statement) and
the final prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Registration
Statement was declared effective by the Commission on February 4, 2025. The Common Stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market
on February 5, 2025, under the symbol CJMB. The closing of the Offering took place on February 6, 2025.

The
net proceeds to the Company from the Offering were approximately $4.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and the payment of other estimated offering expenses associated with the Offering that are payable by the Company. The Company paid the
Representative an underwriting discount equal to 8.5% of the gross proceeds of the Offering and a non-accountable expense fee equal to
1.0% of the gross proceeds of the Offering. The Company also issued to the Representative a warrant (the Representatives
Warrant) to purchase up to 64,000 shares of Common Stock, which is equal to five percent (5%) of the Shares sold in the Offering,
at an exercise price of $4.80 per share, which is equal to 120% of the offering price per Share. The Representatives Warrant may
be exercised beginning on August 6, 2025, until February 6, 2030.

On
February 7, 2025, the Representative partially exercised the over-allotment option for an additional 163,569 Common Stock, generating
net proceeds of approximately $592,000, prior to deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the
Company, which closed on February 7, 2025 (Partial Over-Allotment). The Company additionally issued, to the Representative,
Representatives Warrant to purchase up to 8,179 shares of Common Stock, which is equal to five percent (5%) of the Shares sold
in the Partial Over-Allotment, at an exercise price of $4.80 per share, which is equal to 120% of the offering price per Share.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering and Partial Over-Allotment primarily for sales support, marketing expenses,
customer expansion and general corporate purposes, including working capital.

The
Company, and its officers and directors have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to offer, issue, sell, contract to sell, encumber,
grant any option for the sale of or otherwise dispose of any shares of Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock until February 4, 2026, without the prior written consent of the Representative.

The
Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations and warranties that the parties thereto made to, and solely for the benefit
of, the other party in the context of all of the terms and conditions of that Underwriting Agreement and in the context of the specific
relationship between the parties. The provisions of the Underwriting Agreement and schedules and exhibits thereto, including the representations
and warranties contained therein respectively, are not for the benefit of any party other than the parties to such documents and agreements
and are not intended as documents for investors and the public to obtain factual information about the current state of affairs of the
parties to those documents and agreements. Rather, investors and the public should look to other disclosures contained in the Companys
filings with the Commission. A form of the Underwriting Agreement was previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The
description of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the final, executed Underwriting
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

A
form of the Representatives Warrant was previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The description of the Representatives
Warrant is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the final, executed Representatives Warrant, a copy of which
is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
February 4, 2025, the Company appointed three directors (the New Directors) to its board of directors (the Board
of Directors). The New Directors are Liberty Duke, Mark Meller and Gerald Dial. Each of the New Directors has been appointed a
member of the Companys Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees. Mr. Meller has been appointed Chair
of the Audit Committee, Ms. Duke has been appointed Chair of the Compensation Committee and Mr. Dial has been appointed Chair of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each of the New Directors meets the requirements for independence under the Nasdaq listing
standards and the SEC rules and regulations. None of the New Directors is party to any arrangement or understanding with any persons
pursuant to which they were appointed as directors, nor party to any transactions required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K involving the Company.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

On
February 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that it had priced the underwritten public offering described in Item
1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated
herein by reference.

On
February 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that it had closed its underwritten public offering described in Item
1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Companys press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and is incorporated herein by reference.

On
February 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Partial Over-Allotment, described in Item 1.01 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Companys press release is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

The
following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit
No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement dated as of February 4, 2025, by and between the Company and Alexander Capital L.P.

4.1 Representatives Warrant dated as of February 6, 2025, issued by the Company to Alexander Capital L.P.

99.1 Press Release of the Company dated as of February 4, 2025.

99.2 Press Release of the Company dated as of February 6, 2025.

99.3 Press Release of the Company dated as of February 7, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 7, 2025 Callan
JMB Inc.

By: /s/
Wayne Williams

Name: Wayne
Williams

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

by
and between 

CALLAN
JMB INC.

And
ALEXANDER CAPITAL, L.P.,

AS
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE SEVERAL UNDERWRITERS

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

February
4, 2025

Alexander
Capital, L.P.

As
Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 attached hereto c/o Alexander Capital, L.P.

10
Drs James Parker Boulevard #202 Red Bank, New Jersey 07701

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned, Callan JMB Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada (collectively, with its Subsidiaries as hereinafter
defined, the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with Alexander
Capital, L.P., as the representative of the several underwriters named in Schedule 1 hereto (the Representative
and such other underwriters being collectively called the Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter)
as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of Shares.

1.1.Firm Shares.

1.1.1.Nature and Purchase of Firm Shares.

(i) On
the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, an aggregate of 1,280,000 shares (the Firm Shares) of the
Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock).

(ii)
The Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite their
respective names on Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof at a purchase price of $3.66 per share (91.5% of the
per Firm Share offering price). The Firm Shares are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the
cover page of the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof).

1.1.2.Shares Payment and Delivery.

(i) Delivery
and payment for the Firm Shares shall be made at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business Day following the effective date
(the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 below) (or the second (2nd) Business
Day following the Effective Date if the Registration Statement is declared effective after 4:01 p.m., Eastern time) or at such other
time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Sullivan & Worcester LLP, 1251 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, NY 10020 (Representative Counsel), or at such other place (or remotely by other electronic transmission)
as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Shares is called
the Closing Date.

(ii) Payment
for the Firm Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the Company,
upon delivery of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing the Firm Shares (or through the
facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Shares shall be
registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) full
Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Shares except upon tender of
payment by the Representative for all of the Firm Shares. The term Business Day means any day other than a Saturday,
a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York, New York.

1.2.Over-allotment Option.

1.2.1. Option
Shares. For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Shares, the Company
hereby grants to the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, an option to purchase up to 192,000 additional shares of Common Stock,
representing fifteen percent (15%) of the Firm Shares sold in the offering, from the Company (the Over-allotment Option).
Such 192,000 additional shares of Common Stock, the net proceeds of which will be deposited with the Companys account, are hereinafter
referred to as Option Shares. The purchase price to be paid per Option Share shall be equal to the price per Firm
Share set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof. The Firm Shares and the Option Shares are hereinafter referred to together as the Public
Securities. The offering and sale of the Public Securities is hereinafter referred to as the Offering.

2

1.2.2. Exercise
of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as
to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Shares within 45 days after the Effective Date. The Underwriters
shall not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The
Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which
must be confirmed in writing by overnight mail or electronic transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares to be purchased
and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares (the Option Closing Date), which shall
not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company
and the Representative, at the offices of Representative Counsel or at such other place (including remotely other electronic
transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Shares does
not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment
Option with respect to all or any portion of the Option Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) the
Company shall become obligated to sell to the Underwriters the number of Option Shares specified in such notice and (ii) each of the
Underwriters, acting severally and not jointly, shall purchase that portion of the total number of Option Shares then being
purchased as set forth in Schedule 1.

1.2.3. Payment
and Delivery. Payment for the Option Shares shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds,
payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters)
representing the Option Shares (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Representative. The Option Shares shall be registered
in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) full Business
Days prior to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Shares except upon tender of
payment by the Representative for applicable Option Shares. The Option Closing Date may be simultaneous with, but not earlier than, the
Closing Date; and in the event that such time and date are simultaneous with the Closing Date, the term Closing Date
shall refer to the time and date of delivery of the Firm Shares and Option Shares.

1.3.Underwriters Warrants.

1.3.1. Purchase
Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Underwriters (and/or their designee(s)) on the Closing Date a warrant,
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Underwriters Warrants) for the purchase
of an aggregate of up to 64,000 shares of Common Stock, representing 5% of the Firm Shares (including the Option Shares) for an aggregate
purchase price of $100. The Underwriters Warrants shall be exercisable upon issuance, in whole or in part, commencing on a date
which is 180 days after the commencement of sales of the Companys securities in connection with the Offering (the Commencement
Date) and shall be exercisable until the five-year anniversary of the Commencement Date at an initial exercise price per share
of Common Stock of $4.80, which is equal to 120% of the initial public offering price of the Firm Shares. The Underwriters Warrants
and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof are hereinafter referred to together as the Representatives
Securities. The Underwriters understand and agree that there are significant restrictions pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 against
transferring the Underwriters Warrants and the underlying shares of Common Stock during the one hundred eighty (180) days after
the Commencement Date, and by its acceptance thereof, they shall agree that they will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate
the Underwriters Warrants, or any portion thereof, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the effective economic disposition of such securities for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the
Commencement Date to anyone other than (i) an Underwriter or a selected dealer in connection with the Offering, or (ii) a bona fide officer
or partner of the Underwriters or of any such Underwriter or selected dealer; and only if any such transferee agrees to the foregoing
lock- up restrictions.

3

1.3.2. Delivery.
Delivery of the Underwriters Warrants shall be made on the Closing Date and shall be issued in the name or names and in such authorized
denominations as the Underwriters may request in writing.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time (as defined below),
as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, if any, as follows:

2.1. Filing
of Registration Statement.

2.1.1. Pursuant
to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement, and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282879), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Public Securities and the Representatives Securities under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared
by the Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the
Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations) and will contain all material statements that
are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Except as the context may
otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement became
effective (including the Preliminary Prospectus included in the registration statement, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and
all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of the Effective
Date pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430A Information)), is referred
to herein as the Registration Statement. If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b)
of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall include such registration
statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof.

Each
prospectus used prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information
that was used after such effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary
Prospectus. The Preliminary Prospectus, subject to completion, dated January 8, 2025, that was included in the Registration
Statement immediately prior to the Applicable Time is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. The final prospectus
in the form first furnished to the Underwriters for use in the Offering is hereinafter called the Prospectus. Any
reference to the most recent Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus included
in the Registration Statement.

4

Applicable
Time means 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act
Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Public Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the
Company, (ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required
to be filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a
description of the Public Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required
to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule
433(g).

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to
prospective investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433 (the Bona Fide
Electronic Road Show))

Issuer
Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus.

Pricing
Disclosure Package means the Pricing Prospectus and the information included on Schedule 2-A hereto, all considered together.

2.1.2. Pursuant
to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File Number 001-42506) providing for the registration
pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the shares
of Common Stock. The registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission
on or prior to the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating
terminating such registration.

2.2. Stock
Exchange Listing. The shares of Common Stock have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange)
subject only to official notice of issuance, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting
the shares of Common Stock from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating
such listing except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.3. No
Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied
with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

5

2.4.Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.4.1. Compliance
with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i) Each
of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus, including the prospectus
filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Prospectus,
at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the
Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(ii) Neither
the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any
Option Closing Date (if any), contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading.

(iii) The
Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date (if any), did not, does not
and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus
does not conflict in any material respect with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the
Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together
with the Pricing Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Representative expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree
that such information provided by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely of the disclosure contained in the Underwriting
section of the Prospectus (the Underwriters Information).

(iv)
Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time
of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date, included, includes or
will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however,
that this representation and warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters Information.

6

2.4.2. Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required
by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed.
Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound
or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or (ii) is
material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in
all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance
with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal
and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be
subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. Except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of such agreements or instruments has been assigned
by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Companys
knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder
except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change (as defined below). To the Companys
knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of
any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having
jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity), including, without
limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations or taxes, except for such violations that would not reasonably be expected
to result in any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change, in or affecting
the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company (a Material Adverse
Change).

2.4.3. Prior
Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of,
any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus.

2.4.4. Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal,
state, local and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in
all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

7

2.5.Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1. No
Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the financial
position or results of operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Companys knowledge, a Material Adverse
Change; and (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary
course of business, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement.

2.5.2. Recent
Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not:(i)
issued any securities, other than securities issued pursuant to the Companys existing equity incentive plans or shares
issuable upon the exercise of then outstanding options, warrants and convertible securities, which in each case were disclosed in
the Prospectus, Pricing Disclosure Package or the Registration Statement, or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or
contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its capital
stock.

2.6. Independent
Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A. (the Auditor), whose report
is filed with the Commission as part of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is an independent
registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Auditor has
not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

8

2.7. Financial
Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules, if any, included in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly in all material respects present the financial
position and the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP),
consistently applied throughout the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end
audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and any
supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be
stated therein. Except as included therein, no historical or pro forma financial statements are required to be included in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations.
The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related notes, if any, included in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance with the applicable
requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and present fairly in all material respects the information
shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate
to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the
rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the
Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other
relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the
Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital
resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a) neither the Company nor any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries, including each entity
disclosed or described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as being a subsidiary of the
Company (each a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries), has incurred any material
liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of
business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital
stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the
course of business, any grants under any stock compensation plan, and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse Change in the
Companys long-term or short-term debt. The Company represents that it has no Subsidiaries other than those listed in Exhibit
21.1 to the Registration Statement.

2.8. Authorized
Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the
adjusted stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any Option Closing
Date, there will be no stock options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares
of Common Stock of the Company or any security convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts
or commitments to issue or sell shares of Common Stock or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

9

2.9.Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.9.1. Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission
with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued
in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.
The authorized shares of Common Stock conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock were at
all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or,
based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such Shares, exempt from such registration requirements. The
description of the Companys stock option, stock bonus and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted
thereunder, as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, accurately and fairly present,
in all material respects, the information required to be shown with respect to such stock plans, arrangements and the options and rights
granted thereunder.

2.9.2. Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities and Representatives Securities have been duly authorized for issuance
and sale and, when issued and paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not
be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities and Representatives Securities are not
and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities and Representatives Securities conform in all material respects
to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All
corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Underwriters Warrants has been duly and
validly taken; the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Underwriters Warrants have been duly authorized and reserved
for issuance by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and when paid for and issued in accordance with the Underwriters
Warrants, such shares of Common Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not
be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and such shares of Common Stock are not and will not be subject to
the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

2.10. Registration
Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company
have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include any such
securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

10

2.11. Validity
and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Underwriters Warrants have been duly and validly authorized by
the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought.

2.12. No
Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Underwriters Warrants and
all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the
Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i)
result in a material breach of, or conflict in any material respect with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material
default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any
property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party; (ii) result in
any violation of the provisions of the Companys articles of incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to
time, the Charter) or the bylaws of the Company (the Bylaws); or (iii) violate any existing
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof; except in the cases of
clause (iii) above, for such breaches, conflicts or defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.13. No
Defaults; Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of
any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any
term or provision of its Charter or Bylaws, or corresponding governing documents, as applicable. The Company is not in violation of any
franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity, except for such violations
that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.14.Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.14.1. Conduct
of Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has
all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits
(Permits) of and from any Governmental Entity that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose
as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for such Permits the absence of
which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

11

2.14.2. Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions
and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith have been obtained. No
consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required for the valid issuance,
sale and delivery of the Public Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by this Agreement and
the Underwriters Warrants and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
except (i) such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, filings, registrations or qualifications that have already been obtained
or made and (ii) with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.15. D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders)
as supplemented by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders as described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as well as in the Lock- Up Agreements (as defined in Section
2.24 below), provided to the Underwriters, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information
which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate or incorrect in any material respect.

2.16. Litigation;
Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental
proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any executive officer or director, which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus or in connection with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Common Stock on the Exchange, which individually
or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

2.17. Good
Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws
of the State of Nevada as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction
in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify,
singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Each of the Subsidiaries
of the Company is duly organized or incorporated, as applicable, and in good standing under the laws of its place of organization or
incorporation, and each Subsidiary is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct
of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a Material Adverse Change on the assets,
business or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. The Companys ownership and control of each Subsidiary
is as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

12

2.18. Insurance.
The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering such risks which
the Company believes are adequate, and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will
not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from
similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.19.Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.19.1.
Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there
are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination
fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities or Representatives Securities hereunder or
any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that
may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge
any Insider has paid any monies or other compensation or issued any securities to any member of FINRA, or to any affiliate or associate
of such a member, regarding this Offering.

2.19.2. Payments
Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) in connection with the Offering to: (i) any
person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing
to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any
direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, other
than the payment to the Underwriters as provided hereunder.

2.19.3. Use
of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates,
except as specifically authorized herein.

2.19.4. FINRA
Affiliation. (i) No officer or director of the Company, and to the knowledge of the Company (ii) no beneficial owner of 5% or more
of any class of the Companys securities and (iii) no beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which
were acquired during the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement, is an affiliate or associated
person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

2.19.5. Information.
All information provided by the Company in its FINRA questionnaire to Representative Counsel specifically for use by Representative Counsel
in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material
respects.

13

2.20. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or
indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary
course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any Governmental
Entity or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help
or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the
Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might
have caused a Material Adverse Change or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business, operations
or prospects of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient
to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.21. Compliance
with OFAC. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or the Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department
of the Treasury (OFAC), and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will knowingly, directly or
indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any joint
venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S.
sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.22. Money
Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in
all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting
Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or
similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.23. Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or to
Representative Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.24. Lock-Up
Agreements. Schedule 3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers, directors and each
owner of at least 5% of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock (or securities convertible or exercisable into shares
of Common Stock) that will be subject to a Lock-Up Agreement (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company
has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Representative an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Lock-Up Agreement), prior to the execution of this Agreement.

14

2.25. Related
Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company, its Subsidiaries
or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have
not been described as required.

2.26. Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company comprises the persons set forth under the heading of the Pricing Prospectus
and the Prospectus captioned Management. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall
composition of the board comply with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated
thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one
member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as an audit committee financial expert,
as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving
on the Board of Directors qualify as independent, as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.27. Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance. Upon consummation of the Offering, the Company will design and implement internal controls in accordance with the
requirements of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act. Upon such design and implementation, the Company will comply with the Disclosure, Compliance,
and Accounting Controls in all material respects with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and such controls and
procedures, when implemented, will be effective to ensure that all material information concerning the Company will be made known on
a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure
documents, as applicable.

2.28. Accounting
Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries collectively maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting
(as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply in all material respects with the requirements
of the Exchange Act applicable to the Company and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, its respective principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not
limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The
Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are known to the Companys
management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting.

2.29. No
Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof
as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an
investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.30. No
Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of
the Company, is imminent. The Company is not aware that any key employee or significant group of employees of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries plans to terminate employment with the Company.

15

2.31. Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade
secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries necessary for the conduct
of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to
any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others (other than license or similar fees described
or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus). Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any notice alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others.
Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and except as would not reasonably
be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change (A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no
infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company; (B) there
is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the
Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for
any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims referred to in this Section 2.32, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the knowledge of
the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid
or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding
or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts
which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims referred
to in this Section 2.32, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any
Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim, and
the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate,
together with any other claims referred to in this Section 2.32, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E)
to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term
of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non- solicitation
agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates
to such employees employment with the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and could
reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all
material technical information developed by and belonging to the Company which has not been patented has been kept confidential. Neither
the Company nor its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property
Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contain
in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been obtained or is knowingly being used by the Company in material violation of any contractual
obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of their respective officers, directors or employees, or
otherwise in material violation of the rights of any persons. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or has a valid right to access
and use all computer systems, networks, hardware, software, databases, websites, and equipment used to process, store, maintain and operate
data, information, and functions used in connection with the business of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries (the Company
IT Systems). The Company IT Systems are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection
with, the operation of the business of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, except as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has implemented
commercially reasonable backup, security and disaster recovery technology consistent in all material respects with applicable regulatory
standards and customary industry practices.

16

2.32. Taxes.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed all material returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities
prior to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all material taxes (as
hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all material taxes imposed on or assessed against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part
of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid material taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods
to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters, (i) no material
issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as
due from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection
of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. There are no tax liens against the assets, properties
or business of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than liens for taxes not yet delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established in the Companys books and records. The term material
taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer,
franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium,
property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest
and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto, other than those taxes, the failure of which to have
paid, would not result in a Material Adverse Change. The term material returns means all returns, declarations, reports,
statements and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes, other than those returns, the failure of which to have filed,
would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.33. ERISA
Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established
or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with
ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in
Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder
(the Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred
or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or
any of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates,
if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as
defined under ERISA). Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability
under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections
412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its
ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company,
nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

17

2.34. Compliance
with Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations
applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion,
sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company (Applicable
Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change (any
such noncompliance being referred to as nonmaterial noncompliance for the purposes of this Section 2.35); (B) has not received
any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any other Governmental Entity alleging or asserting material
noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements
or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (C) possesses all material Authorizations
and such material Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations;
(D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action
from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or
Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration,
action, suit, investigation or proceeding that if brought would result in a Material Adverse Change; (E) has not received notice that
any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has
no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity is considering such action; (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material
reports, documents, forms, notices, applications and records, as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such
reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, and records, were complete and correct in all material respects on the date filed (or
were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission), except where the failure to file, obtain, maintain or submit would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily,
initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety
alert, post-sale warning, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or any alleged product defect or violation
and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any such notice or action.

2.35.Environmental Matters.

2.35.1. The
business and operations of the Company, have been and are being conducted in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules,
regulations, licenses, permits, approvals, plans, authorizations or requirements relating to occupational safety and health, or pollution,
or protection of health or the environment (including, without limitation, those relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened
releases of pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes into ambient air, surface water, groundwater
or land, or relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of chemical
substances, pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes, whether solid, gaseous or liquid in nature)
of any governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality of the United States, any state or political subdivision
thereof, or to the knowledge of the Company, any foreign jurisdiction (Environmental Laws), and all applicable judicial
or administrative agency or regulatory decrees, awards, judgments and orders relating thereto, except where the failure to be in such
compliance would not be reasonably expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Change; and the Company has
not received any notice from any governmental instrumentality or any third party alleging any material violation thereof or liability
thereunder (including, without limitation, liability for costs of investigating or remediating sites containing hazardous substances
and/or damages to natural resources).

18

2.35.2. There
has been no storage, generation, transportation, use, handling, treatment, Release or threat of Release of Hazardous Materials (as defined
below) by or caused by the Company (or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other entity (including any predecessor) for whose acts
or omissions the Company is or could reasonably be expected to be liable) at, on, under or from any property or facility now or previously
owned, operated or leased by the Company, or at, on, under or from any other property or facility, in violation of any Environmental
Laws or in a manner or amount or to a location that could reasonably be expected to result in any liability under any Environmental Law,
except for any violation or liability which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Change. Hazardous
Materials means any material, chemical, substance, waste, pollutant, contaminant, compound, mixture, or constituent thereof,
in any form or amount, including petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) and petroleum products, natural gas liquids,
asbestos and asbestos containing materials, naturally occurring radioactive materials, brine, and drilling mud, regulated or which can
give rise to liability under any Environmental Law. Release means any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring,
emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing, depositing, dispersing, or migrating in, into or
through the environment, or in, into from or through any building or structure.

2.36. Ineligible
Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post- effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities, and at the
date hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any
determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.37. Real
and Personal Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use,
all items of real or personal property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each
case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially
affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its
Subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise,
and under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and the Company has not received any notice of any material claim of any sort
that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases
mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the continued possession of the
leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

19

2.38. Contracts
Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, its Subsidiaries,
any of their respective affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity,
including, but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to
materially affect the Companys and its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital
resources required to be described or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus which have not been described or incorporated by reference as required.

2.39. Loans
to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary
course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers or
directors of the Company, its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.40. Smaller
Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller reporting company,
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.41. Industry
Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate
or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.42. Testing-the-Waters
Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, other than Testing-the-Waters
Communications with the written consent of the Representative and with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning
of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities
Act and (ii) authorized anyone other than the Representative to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the
Securities Act. The Company confirms that the Representative has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters
Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2-B
hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing- the-Waters Communication that is a written communication
within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

2.43. Margin
Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be used, directly
or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness
which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Common Stock
to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

20

2.44. Confidentiality
and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the Company is subject
to any confidentiality, non- disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer (other than the Company)
or prior employer that could materially affect his or her ability to be and act in his or her respective capacity of the Company or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.45. Corporate
Records. The minute books of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been made available to the Representative and Representative
Counsel and such books (i) contain minutes of all material meetings and actions of the Board of Directors (including each board committee)
and stockholders of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and (ii) reflect all material transactions referred to in such minutes.

2.46. Diligence
Materials. The Company has provided to the Representative and Representative Counsel all materials required or necessary to respond
in all material respects to the diligence request submitted to the Company or its counsel by the Representative.

2.47. Stabilization.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective employees, directors or stockholders (without
the consent of the Representative) has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of
any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

2.48. XBRL.
The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly
presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and
guidelines applicable thereto.

2.49. Dividends
and Distributions. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus,
no Subsidiaries of the Company are currently prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company,
from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys capital stock, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such
subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary
of the Company.

3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1. Amendments
to Registration Statement. Until the later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full or expiration of the Over-allotment Option
specified in Section 1.2 hereof, the Company shall deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the
Registration Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and not file any such amendment or supplement to which
the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

21

3.2.Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1. Compliance.
Until the later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full or expiration of the Over-allotment Option specified in Section 1.2 hereof,
the Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of Rule 430A of the Securities Act
Regulations, and will notify the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to
the Registration Statement shall become effective or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus shall have been filed; (ii) of the
receipt of any comments from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or
any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing or suspending the
use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes
or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement; and (v) if the Company
becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Public Securities and
Representatives Securities. The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations,
in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it
deems reasonably necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received
for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the
lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

3.2.2. Continued
Compliance. Until the later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full or expiration of the Over-allotment Option specified in
Section 1.2 hereof, the Company shall comply in all material respects with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange
Act and the Exchange Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If
at any time when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities or Representatives Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded
by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered
in connection with sales of the Public Securities and Representatives Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist
as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to (i) amend the Registration
Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the
light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser; or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or
supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities
Act or the Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Representative notice of such event; (B) prepare any amendment
or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish
the Representative with copies of any such amendment or supplement; and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement;
provided that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative or Representative Counsel
shall reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters
may reasonably request. The Company has given the Representative notice of any filings made pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Exchange
Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Representative notice of its intention to make
any such filing from the Applicable Time until the later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full or expiration of the Over-allotment
Option specified in Section 1.2 hereof and will furnish the Representative with copies of the related document(s) a reasonable amount
of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representative or
counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object.

22

3.2.3. Exchange
Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the shares
of Common Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4. Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, it shall not make
any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by
the Company under Rule 433.

3.2.5. Testing-the-Waters
Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs
an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Representative and shall
promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement
or omission.

3.3. Delivery
to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make available
to the Representative and Representative Counsel, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and
each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also
deliver to the Underwriters, upon request and without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and
each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto
furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to
EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

23

3.4. Delivery
to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to each Underwriter,
without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents
to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge,
during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required
to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may
reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.5. Events
Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall notify the Representative promptly and confirm the notice in writing:
(i) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities
and Representatives Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding
for that purpose; (ii) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
or Prospectus; (iii) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (iv) of the happening
of any event during the period described in this Section

3.5
that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in (A) the Registration Statement in order to make the statements
therein not misleading, or (B) in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

3.6. Review
of Financial Statements. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense, shall
cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements
for each of the three (3) fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7. Listing.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the shares of Common Stock (including the Public
Securities) on the Exchange for at least three (3) years from the date of this Agreement.

24

3.8.Reports to the Representative.

3.8.1. Periodic
Reports, etc. For a period of not less than one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available
to the Representative copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes
generally to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report
the Company shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of every
press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy
of each Current Report on Form 8-K prepared and filed by the Company; (iv) five copies of each registration statement filed by the Company
under the Securities Act; and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future
subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if
requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and
Representative Counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission
pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section 3.8.1.

3.8.2. Transfer
Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a transfer agent
and registrar acceptable to the Representative (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Representative at the
Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Representative may reasonably request,
including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. ClearTrust LLC, is acceptable to the Representative
to act as Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock.

3.9.Payment of Expenses

3.9.1. General
Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any,
to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement,
including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the shares of Common Stock
to be sold in the Offering (including the Over-allotment Shares) with the Commission; (b) all Public Filing System filing fees associated
with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Common Stock (including the Public
Securities and as applicable, the Representatives Securities) on the Exchange and such other stock exchanges as the Company and
the Representative together determine; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background checks of the Companys
officers and directors; (e) all fees, expenses and disbursements, if any, relating to the registration or qualification of the Public
Securities and Representatives Securities under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions
as the Representative may reasonably designate, as applicable; (f) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration,
qualification or exemption of the Public Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Representative may
reasonably designate; (g) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents (including, without limitation, the Underwriting
Agreement, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement, Underwriters
Questionnaire and Power of Attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and
as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Representative may reasonably deem necessary; (h) the costs of preparing, printing
and delivering certificates representing the Public Securities and Representatives Securities, as applicable; (i) fees and expenses
of the Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock; (j) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities
from the Company to the Underwriters; (k) the cost associated with the Underwriters use of book-building and compliance software
for the Offering; (l) the costs associated with one set of bound volumes of the public offering materials as well as commemorative Lucite
mementos, each of which the Company or its designee shall provide within a reasonable time after the Closing Date in such quantities
as the Representative may reasonably request; (m) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; (n) the fees and expenses
of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (o) the fees and expenses of the Representative Counsel not
to exceed $200,000; and (p) the Underwriters actual accountable road show expenses for the Offering; provided, that
the maximum amount that the Company shall pay for items (d), (k), (l), (o) and (p) and shall be $200,000. In addition, the Company has
agreed to pay the Representative closing costs, which shall include the reimbursement of the out-of-pocket cost of the escrow agent or
clearing agent, as applicable, not exceeding $12,900. The Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to
the Company on the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters,
other than amounts already advanced to the Representative as of the date of this Underwriting Agreement. The Company previously paid
the Representative an advance in the amount of $25,000 to be applied towards accountable expenses due and payable to the Representative,
which shall be reimbursed to the Company to the extent not actually incurred pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, in accordance with
FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B).

3.9.2. Non-accountable
Expenses. The Company further agrees that, in addition to the expenses payable pursuant to Section 3.9.1, on the Closing Date it
shall pay to the Representative, by deduction from the net proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein, a non- accountable expense allowance
equal to one percent (1%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Firm Shares (excluding the Option Shares),
provided, however, that in the event that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters pursuant to Section
8.3 hereof.

3.10. Application
of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application
thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus.

3.11. Delivery
of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable,
but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement, an earnings statement
(which need not be certified by independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities Act or the Securities
Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) covering a period of
at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

25

3.12.[RESERVED]

3.13. Internal
Controls. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain a system of internal accounting controls for itself sufficient to
provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain
accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization;
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences.

3.14. Accountants.
As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has retained an independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to
the Representative, and the Company shall continue to retain an independent registered public accounting firm for a period of at least
three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Representative acknowledges that the Auditor is acceptable to the Representative.

3.15. FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any
officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner of 5% or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) any
beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180 days immediately preceding
the filing of the Registration Statement, is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering
(as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

3.16. No
Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual
in nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity,
or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

3.17.Company Lock-Up Agreements.

3.17.1. Restriction
on Sale of Capital Stock. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written
consent of the Representative, it will not, for a period of one (1) year after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up
Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or
contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly,
any shares of our capital stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our shares of capital stock;
(ii) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with the SEC relating to the offering of any of our capital stock or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our shares of capital stock; (iii) complete any offering of our debt
securities, other than entering into a line of credit with a traditional bank; or (iv) enter into any swap or arrangement that
transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences or ownership of our capital stock, whether any such transactions
described in subsections (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of our capital stock of the Company
or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

26

The
restrictions contained in this Section 3.17.1 shall not apply to (i) the shares of Common Stock to be sold hereunder, (ii) the issuance
by the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on
the date hereof, of which the Representative has been advised in writing, (iii) the issuance by the Company of stock options or shares
of capital stock of the Company under any equity compensation plan of the Company or (iv) the filing of a registration statement on Form
S-8 with the Commission.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if (i) during the last seventeen (17) days of the Lock-Up Period, the Company issues an earnings release or material news
or a material event relating to the Company occurs, or (ii) prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, the Company announces that
it will release earnings results or becomes aware that material news or a material event will occur during the 16-day period beginning
on the last day of the Lock-Up Period, the restrictions imposed by this Section 3.17.1 shall continue to apply until the expiration of
the 18-day period beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of such material news or material event, as applicable,
unless the Representative waives, in writing, such extension; provided, however, that this extension of the Lock-Up Period shall not
apply to the extent that FINRA has amended or repealed NASD Rule 2711(f)(4), or has otherwise provided written interpretive guidance
regarding such rule, in each case, so as to eliminate the prohibition of any broker, dealer, or member of a national securities association
from publishing or distributing any research report, with respect to the securities of an Emerging Growth Company prior to or after the
expiration of any agreement between the broker, dealer, or member of a national securities association and the Emerging Growth Company
or its stockholders that restricts or prohibits the sale of securities held by the Emerging Growth Company or its stockholders after
the initial public offering date.

3.17.2. Restriction
on Continuous Offerings. Notwithstanding the restrictions contained in Section 3.17.1, the Company, on behalf of itself and any successor
entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, it will not, for a period of 12 months after the date of
this Agreement, directly or indirectly in any at-the-market or continuous equity transaction, offer to sell, sell, contract
to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company.

3.18. Release
of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set forth
in the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.24 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provides the Company with notice
of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees
to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto through a major news
service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

27

3.19. Blue
Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if necessary,
to qualify the Public Securities and Representatives Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of
such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative may designate and to maintain such qualifications in
effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the Public Securities and Representatives Securities; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as
a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business
in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.20. Reporting
Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities and Representatives Securities
is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods
required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally, the Company shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance
of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities Act Regulations.

3.21. Emerging
Growth Company Status. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company
at any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of the Public Securities within the meaning of the Securities Act
and (ii) fifteen (15) days following the completion of the Lock-Up Period.

3.22. Investor
Relations. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain and execute an active investor relations program
for a period of twelve (12) months following the Closing Date.

4.
Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities,
as provided herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date
hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the
Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following
conditions:

4.1. Regulatory
Matters.

4.1.1. Effectiveness
of Registration Statement; Rule 430A Information. The Registration Statement has become effective not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern
time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each
of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or
the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional

information.
The Prospectus containing the Rule 430A Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time frame
required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been
filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430A.

28

4.1.2. FINRA
Clearance. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount
of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3. Exchange
Stock Market Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Companys shares of Common Stock, including the Firm Shares, shall have been
approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance. On the first Option Closing Date (if any), the Companys
shares of Common Stock, including the Option Shares, shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official notice
of issuance.

4.2.Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1. Closing
Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance
letter of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date and addressed in form and substance acceptable
to the Representative.

4.2.2. Option
Closing Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion
and negative assurance letter of counsel listed in Section 4.2.1, dated the Option Closing Date, addressed to the Representative and
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, confirming as of the Option Closing Date, the statements made by
such counsel in their opinion delivered on the Closing Date.

4.3. Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the United
States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent specified in such opinion,
if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) of other counsel reasonably
acceptable to the Representative, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper,
on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody
of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates
shall be delivered to Representative Counsel if requested.

4.4.Comfort Letters.

4.4.1. Cold
Comfort Letter. Prior to the Closing Date the Representative shall have received a cold comfort letter containing statements and
information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain
financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, addressed to the Representative
and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative and to the Auditor, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

29

4.4.2. Bring-down
Comfort Letter. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received from the
Auditor a letter, dated as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the
statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section 4.3.1, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more
than three (3) business days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable.

4.5.Officers Certificates.

4.5.1. Officers
Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date
and any Option Closing Date (if such date is other than the Closing Date), of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial
Officer stating that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, as
of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date) did not
include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading, and the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or
any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of
the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), the Prospectus and each amendment or
supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing Date, did not include any untrue statement of a material
fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration Statement, no event has occurred which
should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus, (iii) to their knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is
other than the Closing Date), the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct and the
Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior
to the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), and (iv) there has not been,
subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Pricing
Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, or any change or
development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change,
in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company, except
as set forth in the Prospectus.

4.5.2.
Secretarys Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have
received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the
case may be, respectively, certifying: (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete, has not been modified and is in
full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force
and effect and have not been modified; and (iii) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such
certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

30

4.5.3.
Chief Financial Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative
shall have received a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as
the case may be, respectively, with respect to the accuracy of certain information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

4.6. No
Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no
Material Adverse Change or development involving a prospective Material Adverse Change in the condition or prospects or the business
activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been
pending, or to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal or state
commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may result in a Material Adverse
Change, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall
have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and
(iv) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain
all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations
and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.7.Delivery of Agreements.

4.7.1. Lock-Up
Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the
Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

4.7.2.
Underwriters Warrants. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Underwriters executed copies of the
Underwriters Warrants.

4.8. Additional
Documents. At the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date (if any) Representative Counsel shall have been furnished with
such documents and opinions as they may reasonably require in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties,
or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance
and sale of the Public Securities and the Representatives Securities as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and
substance to the Representative and Representative Counsel.

31

5.Indemnification.

5.1. Indemnification
of the Underwriters.

5.1.1. General.
Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and
each of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives and agents and each person, if any, who
controls any such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section20
of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and each an Underwriter
Indemnified Party), against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited
to any and all legal or other expenses documented and reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any
litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter
Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to
which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or
otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in (i) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Preliminary Prospectus, the
Prospectus, or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as from time to time each
may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company
in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors
by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this
Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the
Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the
Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the omission or
alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon,
and in conformity with, the Underwriters Information. With respect to any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue
statement or omission made in the Pricing Disclosure Package, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 5.1.1 shall not
inure to the benefit of any Underwriter Indemnified Party to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense of such
Underwriter Indemnified Party results from the fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to the person asserting any
such loss, liability, claim or damage at or prior to the written confirmation of sale of the Public Securities and
Representatives Securities to such person as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and if the
untrue statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus, unless such failure to deliver the Prospectus was a result of
non-compliance by the Company with its obligations under Section 3.3 hereof.

32

5.1.2. Procedure.
If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant
to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and
the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the reasonable approval
of such Underwriter Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses. Such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ
its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Underwriter Indemnified
Party unless (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized in writing by the Company in
connection with the defense of such action, or (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such
action within a reasonable time after receipt by the Company of notice of the institution of such action, or (iii) such indemnified party
or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to it or them which are different from or additional
to those available to the Company (in which case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf
of the indemnified party or parties), in any of which events the reasonable fees and expenses of not more than one additional firm of
attorneys selected by the Underwriter Indemnified Party (in addition to local counsel) shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if any Underwriter Indemnified Party shall assume the defense of such action as provided above,
the Company shall have the right to approve the terms of any settlement of such action, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

5.2. Indemnification
of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors,
its officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity
from the Company to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue
statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the Underwriters
Information. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus,
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and
in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company,
and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the provisions
of Section 5.1.2. The Company agrees to promptly notify the Representative of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against
the Company or any of its officers, directors or any person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the
Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication.

33

5.3.Contribution.

5.3.1. Contribution
Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect
thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the
amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof,
(i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the
Underwriters, on the other, from the Offering of the Public Securities, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is
not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in
clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to
the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any
other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on
the other, with respect to such Offering shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of
the Public Securities purchased under this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table
on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand, and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the
Underwriters with respect to the shares of the Common Stock purchased under this Agreement, as set forth in the table on the cover
page of the Prospectus, on the other hand. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to whether the untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the
Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to
correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if
contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as
one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage or liability, or
action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1,
all documented and reasonably incurred legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with
investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an
Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions
received by such Underwriter with respect to the Offering of the Public Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such
Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

34

5.3.2. Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party
(contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the contributing
party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder. In case any
such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative of the
commencement thereof within the aforesaid 15 days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying
party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution
on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement
of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such contributing party.
The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. Each Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this
Section 5.3 are several and not joint.

6.Defaults.

6.1. Default
by an Underwriter. If any of the Underwriters shall default on the Closing Date (or on any Option Closing Date) in its obligation
to take up and pay for the Firm Shares or the Option Shares to be purchased by it under the Underwriting Agreement on such date, the
Representative shall have the right, within thirty-six (36) hours after such default, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting
Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Firm Shares or the Option Shares which such Underwriter
shall have agreed but failed to take up and pay for. Absent the completion of such arrangements within such thirty-six (36)-hour period:

6.1.1. Default
Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to
purchase the Firm Shares or the Option Shares, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised hereunder, and if the number of the Firm Shares
or Option Shares with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Shares or Option
Shares that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default relates shall
be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.1.2. Default
Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than 10% of
the number of Firm Shares or Option Shares, the Representative may in its discretion arrange for itself or for another party or parties
to purchase such Firm Shares or Option Shares to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one (1) Business
Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the number of Firm Shares or Option Shares, the Representative does not arrange for
the purchase of such Firm Shares or Option Shares, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within
which to procure another party or parties reasonably satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Shares or Option Shares
on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Shares or Option Shares
to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated by the Representative or the
Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.8 and 5 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except
as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided, however, that if such default occurs with respect to the Option Shares, this Agreement will
not terminate as to the Firm Shares; and provided, further, that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability,
if any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

35

6.1.3. Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right
to postpone the Closing Date or Option Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in
order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriter may thereby be made necessary. The term
Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect
as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such shares of Common Stock.

7.Additional Covenants.

7.1. Board
Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as members of
the Board of Directors and the overall composition of the Board comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, with the Exchange Act and with the
listing rules of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the Company seeks to have its
Common Stock listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at least one member of the
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under
Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

7.2. Prohibition
on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity without
the Representatives prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), for a period ending at 5:00 p.m.,
Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business Day following the forty-fifth (45th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal and customary
releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys business.

8.Effective Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

36

8.1. Effective
Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same and delivered
counterparts of such signatures to the other party.

8.2. Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international
event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives reasonable opinion will in the immediate future
materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or
maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority
having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv)
if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading
has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained
a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or
not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives reasonable opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the
delivery of the Firm Shares or Option Shares; or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties
or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change
in the conditions or prospects of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions as in the Representatives
reasonable judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Public Securities or to enforce
contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities; or (ix) if any other event listed in the Engagement Agreement
occurs which grants the Representative the right not to proceed with the Offering.

8.3. Expenses.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters, pursuant to Section
6 above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any
extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Underwriters their actual and accountable
out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable (including the fees and disbursements of
Representative Counsel) up to an aggregate of $200,000, inclusive of any advance for accountable expenses previously paid by the Company
to the Representative (the Advance) and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representative
on behalf of the Underwriters; provided, however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution
provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received by the Representative will be reimbursed to the Company
to the extent not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B).

37

8.4. Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and
whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force and effect and shall not
be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

8.5. Representations,
Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates
of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation
made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter, its officers or
directors or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities or Representatives Securities.

9. Tail
Fee. The Representative shall be entitled to the same compensation for this offering set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereunder, calculated
in the manner set forth therein, with respect to any public or private offering or other equity financing or capital-raising transaction
of any kind (Tail Financing) to the extent that such financing or capital is provided to the Company by investors
whom the Representative had contacted during the period of time starting on July 2, 2024 and ending on July 2, 2025 (the Engagement
Term) or introduced to the Company during the Engagement Term, if such Tail Financing is consummated at any time within the
Engagement Term or within 12 months following the termination of the Engagement Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, this provision
shall be subject to the Companys rights in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B).

10.Miscellaneous.

10.1. Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed (registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by facsimile transmission or email with confirmation and shall
be deemed given when so delivered or faxed or emailed with confirmation or if mailed, two

(2)
days after such mailing.

If
to the Representative:

Alexander
Capital, L.P.

10
Drs James Parker Boulevard #202

Red
Bank, New Jersey 07701

Attention:
Jonathan Gazdak, Managing Director

Email:
jgazdak@alexandercapitallp.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sullivan
& Worcester LLP

1251
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, NY 10020

Attn:
David E. Danovitch, Esq.

Email:
ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com

38

If
to the Company:

Callan
JMB Inc. 244 Flightline Drive

Spring
Branch, Texas 78070-6241

Attention:
Wayne Williams, Chief Executive Officer

Email:
[]@coldchain-tech.com

with
copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New
York, NY 10036

Attention:
Ross D. Carmel, Esq.

Email:
rcarmel@srfc.law

10.2. Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

10.3. Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

10.4. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with
this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms and conditions of that
certain engagement letter between the Company and the Representative, dated July 2, 2024, as amended by that certain letter dated October
25, 2024 (together, the Engagement Agreement), shall remain in full force and effect; provided that, in the event
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Engagement Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control.

10.5. Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the
Company, the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives,
heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect
of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include
a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

39

10.6. Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any action,
proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the New York
Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 10.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding
or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies)
all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the
preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates)
and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

10.7. Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement,
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other
parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and
sufficient delivery thereof.

10.8. Waiver,
etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed
or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or
the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by
the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature
Page Follows]

40

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this Agreement shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very
truly yours,

CALLAN
JMB INC.

By: /s/
Wayne Williams

Wayne
Williams

Chief
Executive Officer

Confirmed
as of the date first written above mentioned,

on
behalf of itself and as Representative of the several

Underwriters
named on Schedule 1 hereto:

ALEXANDER
CAPITAL, L.P.

By: /s/
Jonathan Gazdak 

Jonathan
Gazdak 

Managing
Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

Underwriters
Warrant Agreement

THE
REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT
EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR
HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT OR CAUSE IT TO BE THE SUBJECT OF ANY HEDGING, SHORT SALE, DERIVATIVE, PUT, OR CALL TRANSACTION THAT
WOULD RESULT IN THE EFFECTIVE ECONOMIC DISPOSITION OF THE PURCHASE WARRANT BY ANY PERSON FOR A PERIOD OF ONE YEAR FOLLOWING THE COMMENCEMENT
DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) ALEXANDER CAPITAL, L.P. OR AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING,
OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER OF ALEXANDER CAPITAL, L.P. OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
FINRA RULE 5110(E)(2).

THIS
PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR TO AUGUST 6, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, FEBRUARY 6, 2030.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

For
the Purchase of Up To 64,000 Shares of Common Stock

of

CALLAN
JMB INC.

THIS
CERTIFIES THAT, in consideration of funds duly paid by or on behalf of Alexander Capital, L.P. (Holder), as registered
owner of this Common Stock Purchase Warrant (this Purchase Warrant), to Callan JMB Inc. a Nevada corporation (the
Company), Holder is entitled, at any time or from time to time from one hundred eighty (180) days following February
6, 2025, (the Commencement Date), and at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, February 6, 2030 (the Expiration
Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for, purchase and receive, in whole or in part, up 64,000 shares (the Shares)
of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), subject to adjustment as provided
in Section 5 hereof. If the Expiration Date is a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close, then this Purchase
Warrant may be exercised on the next succeeding day which is not such a day in accordance with the terms herein. During the period ending
on the Expiration Date, the Company agrees not to take any action that would terminate this Purchase Warrant. This Purchase Warrant is
initially exercisable at $4.80 per Share; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in
Section 5 hereof, the rights granted by this Purchase Warrant, including the exercise price per Share and the number of Shares to be
received upon such exercise, shall be adjusted as therein specified. This Purchase Warrant is being issued pursuant to the certain Underwriting
Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement), dated February 4, 2025, by and among the Company, the Representative and
other underwriters named therein, providing for the public offering (the Offering) of shares of Common Stock. The
term Exercise Price shall mean the initial exercise price or the adjusted exercise price, as applicable. Initially
capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to those terms in the Underwriting Agreement.

1.
Exercise.

1.1
Exercise Form. In order to exercise this Purchase Warrant, the exercise form attached hereto (the Notice of Exercise)
must be duly executed and completed and delivered to the Company, together with this Purchase Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price
for the Shares being purchased payable in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company
or by certified check or official bank check. If the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or before 5:00
p.m., Eastern time, on the Expiration Date, this Purchase Warrant shall become and be void without further force or effect, and all rights
represented hereby shall cease and expire.

1.2
Cashless Exercise. If at any time after one hundred eighty (180) days following the Commencement Date there is no effective
registration statement registering or no current prospectus available for the resale of the Shares by the Holder, then in lieu of exercising
this Purchase Warrant by payment of cash or check payable to the order of the Company pursuant to Section 1.1 above, Holder may elect
to receive the number of Shares equal to the value of this Purchase Warrant (or the portion thereof being exercised), by surrender of
this Purchase Warrant to the Company, together with the exercise form attached hereto, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder,
Shares in accordance with the following formula:

X
= Y(A-B)

A

Where,

X
= The number of Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y
= The number of Shares for which the Purchase Warrant is being exercised;

A
= The fair market value of one Share; and

B
= The Exercise Price.

For
purposes of this Section 1.2, the fair market value of a Share is defined as follows:

(i)
if the Companys Common Stock is traded on a securities exchange, the fair market value shall be deemed to be the closing price
on such exchange on the Trading Day (as defined below) immediately prior to the date the exercise form is submitted to the Company in
connection with the exercise of the Purchase Warrant; or

(ii)
if the Companys Common Stock is actively traded over-the-counter, the fair market value shall be deemed to be the closing bid
price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date the exercise form is submitted to the Company in connection with the exercise
of the Purchase Warrant; or

(iii)
if there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Companys
Board of Directors.

As
used herein and below, Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market or if applicable, the OTCQB
or OTCQX Markets operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., or any similar over the counter market is open for trading; and Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange or any successors to any of the foregoing.

1.3
[Reserved]

1.4
No Obligation to Net Cash Settle. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Purchase Warrant, in no event
will the Company be required to net cash settle the exercise of the Purchase Warrant. The holder of the Purchase Warrant will not be
entitled to exercise the purchase option unless it exercises such Purchase Warrant pursuant to the cashless exercise right or a registration
statement is effective, or an exemption from the registration requirements is available at such time and, if the Holder is not able to
exercise the Purchase Warrant, the Purchase Warrant will expire worthless.

2

1.5
Mechanics of Exercise.

(i)
Delivery of Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by ClearTrust LLC (the
Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account
with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is
then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Shares to
or resale of the Shares by the Holder or (B) the Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Purchase Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Shares to which the Holder is entitled
pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two
(2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other
than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the
aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below)
after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery
of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Shares with
respect to which this Purchase Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading
Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The
Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Purchase Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii)
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Purchase Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the
request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Purchase Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Shares, deliver to the Holder
a new Purchase Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Shares called for by this Purchase Warrant, which
new Purchase Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Purchase Warrant.

(iii)
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Shares pursuant to Section 1.5(i)
hereof by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

(iv)
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i)
above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to any action
or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in
an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which
the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion
of the Purchase Warrant and equivalent number of Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be
deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied
with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price
of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise
to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the
Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In
and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any
other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as
required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(v)
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Purchase Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise,
the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

3

(vi)
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Purchase Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form attached hereto (the Assignment Form) duly executed by the
Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental
thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise.

(vii)
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Purchase Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

1.6
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Purchase Warrant,
and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Purchase Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 hereof or otherwise, to
the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together
with the Holders Affiliates (as defined below), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder
or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Purchase Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents (as defined below))
subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any
of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.6, beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act) and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing
to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for
any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 1.6 applies,
the determination of whether this Purchase Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with
any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Purchase Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Purchase
Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and
of which portion of this Purchase Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.6, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing
to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Purchase Warrant, by the
Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 1.6, provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
1.6 shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in
strict conformity with the terms of this Section 1.6 to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Purchase Warrant.
As used herein, Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls
or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities
Act; Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any
kind.

4

2.
Transfer.

2.1
General Restrictions. The registered Holder of this Purchase Warrant agrees by his, her or its acceptance hereof, that
such Holder will not: (a) sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate this Purchase Warrant for a period of one hundred eighty (180)
days following the Commencement Date to anyone other than: (i) Alexander Capital, L.P. (Alexander Capital) or another
underwriter or a selected dealer participating in the Offering, or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner of Alexander Capital or of any
such underwriter or selected dealer, in each case in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), or (b) cause this Purchase Warrant or the
securities issuable hereunder to be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in
the effective economic disposition of this Purchase Warrant or the securities hereunder, except as provided for in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2).
On and or after the Commencement Date, or the date on which this Purchase Warrant was initially issued by the Company, as applicable,
transfers of the Purchase Warrant and/or the underlying Shares to others may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable
securities laws, including Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. In order to make any permitted assignment, the Holder must
deliver to the Company the Assignment Form duly executed and completed, together with this Purchase Warrant and payment of all transfer
taxes, if any, payable in connection therewith. The Company shall within five (5) Business Days transfer this Purchase Warrant on the
books of the Company and shall execute and deliver a new purchase warrants or purchase warrants of like tenor to the appropriate assignee(s)
expressly evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of Shares purchasable hereunder or such portion of such number as shall
be contemplated by any such assignment.

2.2
[Reserved]

3.
Registration Rights.

3.1
Piggy-Back Registration.

3.1.1
Grant of Right. Unless any portion of the Shares underlying this Purchase Warrant and the shares of Common Stock underlying all
of the other Underwriters Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities) are included in an effective
registration statement with a current prospectus, the Holder, along with the holders of all of the other Underwriters Warrants
(as such term is defined in the Underwriting Agreement) shall have the right, for a period of no more than seven (7) years from the Commencement
Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include any portion of the Registrable Securities as part of any other registration
of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities
Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely in connection with any primary
underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable discretion,
impose a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock which may be included in the registration statement because, in such underwriter(s)
judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company shall be
obligated to include in such registration statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the
Holder and the holders of the other Underwriters Warrants have requested inclusion thereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably
permit. Any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holder and the holders of the other Underwriters
Warrants seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities sought to be included by the
holder and the holders of the other Underwriters Warrants; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude
any Registrable Securities unless the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to
inclusion of such securities in such registration statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

5

3.1.2
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 3.1.1
hereof, but the Holder and the holders of the other Underwriters Warrants shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the
expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holder and the holders of the other Underwriters Warrants to represent them in connection
with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish the then holders
of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date of filing of such
registration statement. Such notice to such holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by the Company until
such time as all of the Registrable Securities have been sold by the Holder and the holders of the other Underwriters Warrants.
The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein by giving written notice
within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement.

3.2
General Terms.

3.2.1
Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration
statement hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20(a) of the Exchange Act, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and
other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent
and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section
5.1 of the Underwriting Agreement. The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and
their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company and its affiliates, against all loss, claim, damage,
expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing
or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise,
arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion
in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions contained in Section 5.2 of the Underwriting
Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

3.2.2
Exercise of Purchase Warrant. Nothing contained in this Purchase Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder to exercise
this Purchase Warrant prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

3.2.3
Documents Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any underwritten offerings and to each
underwriter of any such offering, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder and underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel to the
Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting
agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter dated the effective date of such registration statement (and
a letter dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm
which has issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering
substantially the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of
such accountants letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered
in opinions of issuers counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of
securities. The Company shall also deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the underwritten offering requesting the correspondence
and memoranda described below and to the managing underwriter copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its
counsel or auditors and all memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement
and permit each Holder and underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained
in or omitted from the registration statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of
FINRA. Such investigation shall include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company
with its officers and independent auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably
request.

6

3.2.4
Underwriting Agreement. In the event the Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with any managing underwriter(s),
if any, selected by the Company with respect to the Registrable Securities that are being registered pursuant to this Section 3, which
managing underwriter shall be reasonably satisfactory to the holders of at least 51% of the Registerable Securities, such agreement shall
be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company and such managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations,
warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained in agreements of that type used by the managing
underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities
and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit
of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not be required to make any representations
or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate to such Holders, their Shares and their
intended methods of distribution.

3.2.5
Documents to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to
the Company a completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security
holders.

3.2.6
Damages. Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Section 3.1 hereof be delayed by the Company or the
Company otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available
to the Holder(s), be entitled to seek specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach
of such provisions or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity
of posting bond or other security.

4.
New Purchase Warrants to be Issued.

4.1
Partial Exercise or Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 2 hereof, this Purchase Warrant may be exercised or
assigned in whole or in part. In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Purchase Warrant
for cancellation, together with the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer
tax if exercised pursuant to Section 1.1 hereof, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Purchase
Warrant of like tenor to this Purchase Warrant in the name of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of
Shares purchasable hereunder as to which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised or assigned.

4.2
Lost Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Purchase Warrant and of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Purchase Warrant of like tenor and date. Any such new Purchase Warrant executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft,
mutilation or destruction shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company.

5.
Adjustments.

5.1
Adjustments to Exercise Price and Number of Securities. The Exercise Price and the number of Shares underlying this Purchase
Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter set forth:

5.1.1
Share Dividends; Stock Splits. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 5.3 below, the number of outstanding
Shares is increased by a stock dividend payable in Shares or by a stock split of shares of Common Stock or other capital stock of the
Company, or other similar event, then, on the effective day thereof, the number of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be increased in
proportion to such increase in outstanding shares, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately decreased.

7

5.1.2
Aggregation of Shares. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 5.3 below, the number of outstanding
Shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of shares of Common Stock or other capital stock of the Company,
or other similar event, then, on the effective date thereof, the number of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be decreased in proportion
to such decrease in outstanding shares, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased.

5.1.3
Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock or other capital stock of the Company, other than a change covered by Section 5.1.1 or 5.1.2 hereof or that solely affects
the par value of such Shares, or in the case of any share reconstruction or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with or into
another corporation or other entity (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation in which the Company is the continuing
corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the Companys outstanding shares), or in the
case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an
entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder of this Purchase Warrant shall have the right thereafter (until
the expiration of the right of exercise of this Purchase Warrant) to receive upon the exercise hereof, for the same aggregate Exercise
Price payable hereunder immediately prior to such event, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including
cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, share reconstruction or amalgamation, or consolidation, or upon a dissolution
following any such sale or transfer, by a Holder of the number of Shares of the Company obtainable upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant
immediately prior to such event; and if any reclassification also results in a change in Shares covered by Section 5.1.1 or 5.1.2 hereof,
then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Sections 5.1.1, 5.1.2 hereof and this Section 5.1.3. The provisions of this Section 5.1.3
shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, share reconstructions or amalgamations, or consolidations, sales
or other transfers.

5.1.4
Changes in Form of Purchase Warrant. This form of Purchase Warrant need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this
Section 5.1, and Purchase Warrants issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Shares as are stated
in the Purchase Warrants initially issued to the Holder. The acceptance by any Holder of the issuance of new Purchase Warrants reflecting
a required or permissive change shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the Commencement Date or the
computation thereof.

5.2
Substitute Purchase Warrant. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or share reconstruction or amalgamation
of the Company with or into, another corporation or other entity (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation
which does not result in any reclassification or change of the outstanding Shares), the corporation or other entity formed by such consolidation
or share reconstruction or amalgamation shall execute and deliver to the Holder a supplemental Purchase Warrant providing that the holder
of each Purchase Warrant then outstanding or to be outstanding shall have the right thereafter (until the stated expiration of such Purchase
Warrant) to receive, upon exercise of such Purchase Warrant, the kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property
receivable upon such consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation, by a holder of the number of Shares of the Company for which
such Purchase Warrant might have been exercised immediately prior to such consolidation, share reconstruction or amalgamation, sale or
transfer. Such supplemental Purchase Warrant shall provide for adjustments which shall be identical to the adjustments provided for in
this Section 5. The above provision of this Section 5.2 shall similarly apply to successive consolidations or share reconstructions or
amalgamations.

5.3
Elimination of Fractional Interests. The Company shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of
Shares upon the exercise of this Purchase Warrant, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests,
it being the intent of the parties that all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down, as the case
may be, to the nearest whole number of Shares or other securities, properties or rights.

8

6.
Reservation and Listing. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized Shares, solely for the
purpose of issuance upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant, such number of Shares or other securities, properties or rights as shall
be issuable upon the exercise thereof. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant and payment of the
Exercise Price therefor, in accordance with the terms hereby, all Shares and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights of any stockholder. As long as this Purchase Warrant
shall be outstanding, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Shares issuable upon exercise of this Purchase
Warrant to be listed (subject to official notice of issuance) on all national securities exchanges (or, if applicable, on the OTC Bulletin
Board or any successor trading market) on which the shares of Common Stock issued to the public in the Offering may then be listed and/or
quoted.

7.
Certain Notice Requirements.

7.1
Holders Right to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holders
the right to vote or consent or to receive notice as a stockholder for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any
rights whatsoever as a stockholder of the Company. If, however, at any time prior to the expiration of this Purchase Warrant and their
exercise, any of the events described in Section 7.2 below shall occur, then, in one or more of said events, the Company shall give written
notice of such event at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date fixed as a record date or the date of closing the transfer books for
the determination of the stockholders entitled to such dividend, distribution, conversion or exchange of securities or subscription rights,
or entitled to vote on such proposed dissolution, liquidation, winding up or sale. Such notice shall specify such record date or the
date of the closing of the transfer books, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall deliver to each Holder
a copy of each notice given to the other stockholders of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that such notice is given
to the stockholders.

7.2
Events Requiring Notice. The Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Section 7 upon one or more
of the following events: (i) if the Company shall take a record of the holders of its shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling
them to receive a dividend or distribution payable otherwise than in cash, or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than
out of retained earnings, as indicated by the accounting treatment of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company, (ii)
the Company shall offer to all the holders of its shares of Common Stock any additional shares of capital stock of the Company or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, or any option, right or warrant to subscribe therefor, or
(iii) a dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company (other than in connection with a consolidation or share reconstruction
or amalgamation) or a sale of all or substantially all of its property, assets and business shall be proposed.

7.3
Notice of Change in Exercise Price. The Company shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price
pursuant to Section 5 hereof, send notice to the Holders of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price Notice
shall describe the event causing the change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate by the
Companys Chief Financial Officer.

7.4
Transmittal of Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Purchase Warrant shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly made when hand delivered, or mailed by express mail or private courier service: (i) if
to the registered Holder of this Purchase Warrant, to the address of such Holder as shown on the books of the Company, or (ii) if to
the Company, to following address or to such other address as the Company may designate by notice to the Holders:

If
to the Holder:

[Holders
Name]

[Holders
Address]

Attention:

Email:

9

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sullivan
& Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attn: David E. Danovitch, Esq.

Email: ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com

If
to the Company:

Callan
JMB Inc.

244
Flightline Drive

Spring
Branch, Texas 78070-6241

Attention:
Wayne Williams, Chief Executive Officer

Email:
wwilliams@coldchain-tech.com

with
copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New
York, New York 10036

Attention:
Ross D. Carmel Esq.

Email:
rcarmel@srfc.law

8.
Miscellaneous.

8.1
Amendments. The Company and Alexander Capital may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Warrant without the
approval of any of the Holders in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that may be defective
or inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder
that the Company and Alexander Capital may deem necessary or desirable and that the Company and Alexander Capital deem shall not adversely
affect the interest of the Holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent of and be signed by the party
against whom enforcement of the modification or amendment is sought.

8.2
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way
limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Warrant.

8.3
Entire Agreement. This Purchase Warrant (together with the Underwriting Agreement and the other agreements and documents
being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Purchase Warrant and the Offering) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written,
with respect to the subject matter hereof.

8.4
Binding Effect. This Purchase Warrant shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon, the Holder and the
Company and their permitted assignees, respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be
construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Warrant or any provisions
herein contained.

8.5
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Purchase Warrant shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company
hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Purchase Warrant shall be
brought and enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection
to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the Company
may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to
it at the address set forth in Section 7 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the
Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Holder agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall
be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or
proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) and the Holder hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby.

8.6
Waiver, etc. The failure of the Company or the Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant
shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Warrant
or any provision hereof or the right of the Company or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Warrant.
No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall be effective unless
set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no
waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

8.7
Execution in Counterparts. This Purchase Warrant may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties
hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered
to each of the other parties hereto. Such counterparts may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission.

[Signature
Page Follows]

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Purchase Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the 6th day
of February, 2025.

Very
truly yours,

CALLAN
JMB INC.

By: /s/
Wayne Williams

Wayne
Williams

Chief
Executive Officer

11

[Form
to be used to exercise Purchase Warrant]

Date:
_______________, 20___

The
undersigned hereby elects irrevocably to exercise the Purchase Warrant for shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares),
of Callan JMB Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and hereby makes payment of $____(at the rate of $[]
per Share) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the Shares as to which this Purchase Warrant is exercised
in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant representing the number of Shares for which
this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised.

Or

The
undersigned hereby elects irrevocably to convert its right to purchase ___ Shares of the Company under the Purchase Warrant for ______
Shares, as determined in accordance with the following formula:

X
= Y(A-B)

A

Where,

X
= The number of Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y
= The number of Shares for which the Purchase Warrant is being exercised;

A
= The fair market value of one Share which is equal to $_____; and

B
= The Exercise Price which is equal to $______ per share

The
undersigned agrees and acknowledges that the calculation set forth above is subject to confirmation by the Company and any disagreement
with respect to the calculation shall be resolved by the Company in its sole discretion.

Please
issue the Shares as to which this Purchase Warrant is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a
new Purchase Warrant representing the number of Shares for which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised.

Signature

Signature
Guaranteed

12

[Form
to be used to assign Purchase Warrant]

ASSIGNMENT

(To
be executed by the registered Holder to effect a transfer of the within Purchase Warrant):

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, __________________ does hereby sell, assign and transfer unto

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

the
right to purchase shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Callan JMB Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
evidenced by the Purchase Warrant and does hereby authorize the Company to transfer such right to _________ on the books of the Company.

Dated:
__________, 20__

Signature

Signature
Guaranteed

NOTICE:
The signature to this form must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within Purchase Warrant without alteration or
enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank, other than a savings bank, or by a trust company or by a firm
having membership on a registered national securities exchange.

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Callan
JMB Announces Pricing of $5.12 Million Initial Public Offering

SPRING
BRANCH, Texas, February 4, 2025 Callan JMB Inc. (NASDAQ: CJMB) (Callan or the Company),
an integrative logistics company empowering the healthcare industry and emergency management agencies through exceptional fulfillment,
storage, monitoring, and cold chain logistics services, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering (the Offering)
of 1,280,000 shares (the Shares) of common stock (Common Stock) at an initial public offering
price of $4.00 per Share for a total of approximately $5,120,000 of gross proceeds to the Company before deducting underwriting discounts
and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. In addition, Callan has granted the underwriters a 45-day option
to purchase, at the public offering price, up to an additional 192,000 shares of Common Stock at the public offering price, less the
underwriting discounts and commissions.

The
Shares are expected to begin trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on February 5, 2025, under the ticker symbol CJMB. The
Offering is expected to close on or about February 6, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Offering primarily for sales support, marketing, customer expansion and general corporate
purposes, including working capital.

Alexander
Capital L.P. (Alexander) is the managing underwriter for the Offering, and Alexander and Paulson Investment Company,
LLC are acting as joint book-runners for the Offering. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP is serving as counsel to the Company, and Sullivan
& Worcester LLP is serving as counsel to Alexander in connection with the Offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-282879), relating to the Shares described above was filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective on February 4, 2025. The Offering is being made
only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained, when available, from Alexander
Capital, L.P., via email: info@alexandercapitallp.com, or by calling +1 (212) 687-5650, or by standard mail at Alexander
Capital L.P., 10 Drs James Parker Blvd, Suite 202 Red Bank, New Jersey 07701, Attention: Equity Capital Markets. In addition, a copy
of the final prospectus, when available, relating to the Offering may be obtained via the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

Before
you invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more complete information
about the Company and the Offering. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these
securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would
be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Any offers, solicitations,
or offers to buy, or any sales of securities will be made in accordance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

About
Callan JMB

Callan
JMB is an integrative logistics company empowering the healthcare industry and emergency management agencies through exceptional fulfillment,
storage, monitoring, and cold chain logistics services to secure medical materials and protect patients and communities with compliant,
safe, and effective medicines. Our combined expertise in supply chain logistics, thermodynamics, biologics, inventory management, regulatory
compliance and emergency preparedness is unparalleled in the industry. We offer the Gold Standard in client experience with customizable
interfaces, next-level reliability in shipping and environmental sustainability in our specialty packaging.

Forward
Looking Statements:

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (which Sections were adopted
as part of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words
believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan,
project, prospects, outlook, and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs,
such as will, should, would, may, and could, are generally forward-looking
in nature and not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
which may cause the Companys actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any anticipated results,
performance, or achievements for many reasons. The Company disclaims any intention to, and undertakes no obligation to, revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise. For additional risks and uncertainties that could impact
the Companys forward-looking statements, please see the Companys Registration Statement Under the Securities Act of 1933
on Form S-1, including but not limited to the discussion under Risk Factors therein, which the Company filed with the SEC
and which may be viewed at http://www.sec.gov/.

Investor
Contacts:

Valter
Pinto, Managing Director

KCSA
Strategic Communications

CallanJMB@kcsa.com

212.896.1254
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Callan
JMB Announces Closing of $5.12 Million Initial Public Offering

SPRING
BRANCH, Texas, February 6, 2025 Callan JMB Inc. (NASDAQ: CJMB) (Callan or the Company),
an integrative logistics company empowering the healthcare industry and emergency management agencies through exceptional fulfillment,
storage, monitoring, and cold chain logistics services, today announced the closing of its previously announced initial public offering
(the Offering) of 1,280,000 shares (the Shares) of common stock (Common Stock)
at an initial public offering price of $4.00 per Share for a total of approximately $5,120,000 of gross proceeds to the Company before
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. In addition, Callan has granted
the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase, at the public offering price, up to an additional 192,000 shares of Common Stock at the
public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions.

The
shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on February 5, 2025, under the ticker symbol CJMB. The Company intends
to use the net proceeds of the Offering primarily for sales support, marketing, customer expansion and general corporate purposes, including
working capital.

Alexander
Capital, L.P. (Alexander) acted as the managing underwriter and sole book runner for the Offering. Paulson Investment
Company, LLC and Bancroft Capital, LLC acted as co-managers for the Offering. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP served as counsel to
the Company, and Sullivan & Worcester LLP served as counsel to Alexander in connection with the Offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-282879), relating to the Shares described above was filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective on February 4, 2025. The Offering was made only
by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained from Alexander Capital, L.P., via email:
info@alexandercapitallp.com, or by calling +1 (212) 687-5650, or by standard mail at Alexander Capital L.P., 10 Drs James
Parker Blvd, Suite 202 Red Bank, New Jersey 07701, Attention: Equity Capital Markets. In addition, a copy of the final prospectus relating
to the Offering may be obtained via the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

Before
you invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more complete information
about the Company and the Offering. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these
securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would
be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Any offers, solicitations,
or offers to buy, or any sales of securities will be made in accordance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

About
Callan JMB

Callan
JMB is an integrative logistics company empowering the healthcare industry and emergency management agencies through exceptional fulfillment,
storage, monitoring, and cold chain logistics services to secure medical materials and protect patients and communities with compliant,
safe, and effective medicines. Our combined expertise in supply chain logistics, thermodynamics, biologics, inventory management, regulatory
compliance and emergency preparedness is unparalleled in the industry. We offer excellence in client experience with customizable interfaces,
next-level reliability in shipping and environmental sustainability in our specialty packaging.

Forward
Looking Statements:

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (which Sections were adopted
as part of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words
believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan,
project, prospects, outlook, and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs,
such as will, should, would, may, and could, are generally forward-looking
in nature and not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
which may cause the Companys actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any anticipated results,
performance, or achievements for many reasons. The Company disclaims any intention to, and undertakes no obligation to, revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise. For additional risks and uncertainties that could impact
the Companys forward-looking statements, please see the Companys Registration Statement Under the Securities Act of 1933
on Form S-1, including but not limited to the discussion under Risk Factors therein, which the Company filed with the SEC
and which may be viewed at http://www.sec.gov/.

Investor
Contacts:

Valter
Pinto, Managing Director

KCSA
Strategic Communications

CallanJMB@kcsa.com

212.896.1254
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

Callan
JMB Announces Partial Exercise of Underwriters Over-Allotment Option in Connection with its Initial Public Offering

SPRING
BRANCH, Texas, February 7, 2025 Callan JMB Inc. (NASDAQ: CJMB) (Callan or the Company),
an integrative logistics company empowering the healthcare industry and emergency management agencies through exceptional fulfillment,
storage, monitoring, and cold chain logistics services, today announced that the underwriters of its previously announced initial public
offering of shares of its common stock (Common Stock) have partially exercised their over-allotment option, resulting
in the issuance of an additional 163,569 shares of Common Stock (the Option Shares or Share)
at a public offering price of $4.00 per Share for additional gross proceeds of $654,276. After giving effect to the partial exercise
of the over-allotment option, an aggregate of 1,443,569 shares of Common Stock have been issued in the initial public offering (the Offering)
for aggregate net proceeds of approximately $4,729,319.78, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses payable
by the Company.

Alexander
Capital L.P. (Alexander) acted as the managing underwriter and sole book runner for the Offering, and Paulson Investment
Company, LLC and Bancroft Capital, LLC acted as co-managers for the Offering. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP served as counsel to
the Company, and Sullivan & Worcester LLP served as counsel to Alexander in connection with the Offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-282879), relating to the shares of Common Stock described above was filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective on February 4, 2025. The Offering
was made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained from Alexander Capital,
L.P., via email: info@alexandercapitallp.com, or by calling +1 (212) 687-5650, or by standard mail at Alexander Capital
L.P., 10 Drs James Parker Blvd, Suite 202 Red Bank, New Jersey 07701, Attention: Equity Capital Markets. In addition, a copy of the final
prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained via the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

Before
you invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more complete information
about the Company and the Offering. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these
securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would
be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Any offers, solicitations,
or offers to buy, or any sales of securities will be made in accordance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

About
Callan JMB

Callan
JMB is an integrative logistics company empowering the healthcare industry and emergency management agencies through exceptional fulfillment,
storage, monitoring, and cold chain logistics services to secure medical materials and protect patients and communities with compliant,
safe, and effective medicines. Our combined expertise in supply chain logistics, thermodynamics, biologics, inventory management, regulatory
compliance and emergency preparedness is unparalleled in the industry. We offer the excellence in client experience with customizable
interfaces, next-level reliability in shipping and environmental sustainability in our specialty packaging.

Forward
Looking Statements:

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (which Sections were adopted
as part of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words
believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan,
project, prospects, outlook, and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs,
such as will, should, would, may, and could, are generally forward-looking
in nature and not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
which may cause the Companys actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any anticipated results,
performance, or achievements for many reasons. The Company disclaims any intention to, and undertakes no obligation to, revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise. For additional risks and uncertainties that could impact
the Companys forward-looking statements, please see the Companys Registration Statement Under the Securities Act of 1933
on Form S-1, including but not limited to the discussion under Risk Factors therein, which the Company filed with the SEC
and which may be viewed at http://www.sec.gov/.

Investor
Contacts:

Valter
Pinto, Managing Director

KCSA
Strategic Communications

CallanJMB@kcsa.com

212.896.1254
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-3_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cjmb-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cjmb-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>cjmb-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42506

Entity Registrant Name Callan
JMB Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0002032545

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-0931141

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 244
Flightline Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Spring
Branch

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78070

City Area Code (830)

Local Phone Number 438-0395

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol CJMB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://callanjmb.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cjmb-20250204.xsd 
cjmb-20250204_lab.xml 
cjmb-20250204_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-005461-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002032545 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002032545 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
Callan JMB Inc. 
NV 
001-42506 
99-0931141 
244 Flightline Drive 
Spring Branch 
TX 
78070 
(830) 
438-0395 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
CJMB 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>