<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-002656.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-002656.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110161512
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-002656
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002027708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981576503
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42464
		FILM NUMBER:		25523148

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129385000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226881-8k_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 10, 2025 (January 6, 2025)

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42464 98-1576503

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 938-5000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share CEPO The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On January 8, 2025, Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.
(the Company) consummated its initial public offering (the IPO) of 20,000,000 Class A ordinary
shares, par value of $0.0001 per share (Class A Ordinary Shares and such shares sold in the IPO, the Public
Shares). The Public Shares were sold at a price of $10.00 per share, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $200,000,000.

In connection with the IPO, the Company entered
into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Companys Registration Statement on Form
S-1 (File No. 333-282947) for the IPO, originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
on November 1, 2024 (as amended, the Registration Statement):

An
Underwriting Agreement, dated January 6, 2025 by and among the Company, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (CF&Co.), as representative
of the several underwriters, and the qualified independent underwriter named therein, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto
and incorporated herein by reference.

A
Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and CF&Co., a copy of which is attached
as Exhibit 1.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A
Letter Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC (the Sponsor),
a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An
Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
as trustee, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A
Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit
10.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An
Expense Advance Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (the Expense Advance Agreement),
a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A
Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (the Private Placement
Shares Purchase Agreement), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A
Promissory Note, dated January 6, 2025, issued to the Sponsor at the closing of the IPO pursuant to the Expense Advance Agreement in
connection with working capital loans to be made by the Sponsor to the Company, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.6 hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.

An
Administrative Services Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as
Exhibit 10.7 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A
Promissory Note, dated January 6, 2025, issued to the Sponsor at the closing of the IPO in connection with loans to be made by the Sponsor
to the Company in connection with certain redemption events as further described therein, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.8
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant
to the Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale to the Sponsor of 500,000 Class A ordinary
shares (the Private Placement Shares) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement Share, generating gross
proceeds to the Company of $5,000,000. The Private Placement Shares are identical to the Public Shares, except that the Sponsor has agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until 30 days after the
completion of the Companys initial business combination. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such
sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Shares was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws;
Change in Fiscal Year. 

On January 6, 2025, in connection with the IPO,
the Company filed its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Memorandum and Articles) with
the Assistant Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands, effective the same day. The terms of the Memorandum and Articles are set forth
in the Registration Statement and are incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Memorandum and Articles is attached as Exhibit 3.1
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events. 

A total of $200,000,000, comprised of certain
proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank,
N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes (other than excise taxes), the funds held in the trust
account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys initial business combination,
(ii) the redemption of any of the Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Memorandum and Articles
(a) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemptions as described in the Registration Statement
or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii)
the redemption of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of the IPO, or by such earlier or later liquidation date as the board of directors or shareholders may approve, respectively,
subject to applicable law.

On January 6, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On January 8, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

2

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and among the Company, CF&Co., as representative of the several underwriters, and the qualified independent underwriter named therein.

1.2 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and CF&Co.

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.

10.1 Letter Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor.

10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee.

10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.4 Expense Advance Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.5 Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.6 Promissory Note, dated January 6, 2025, issued to the Sponsor pursuant to the Expense Advance Agreement.

10.7 Administrative Services Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.8 Promissory Note, dated January 6, 2025, issued to the Sponsor.

99.1 Press Release, dated January 6, 2025.

99.2 Press Release, dated January 8, 2025.

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 10, 2025 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex1-1_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY, CF&CO., AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE SEVERAL UNDERWRITERS, AND THE QUALIFIED INDEPENDENT UNDERWRITER NAMED THEREIN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

and

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

Dated: January 6, 2025

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

January 6, 2025

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

499 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (Cantor
or the Representative) and with the other underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (if any), for which
the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively referred to herein as
the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually, an Underwriter) as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of Shares.

1.1 Public
Shares.

1.1.1 Purchase
of Public Shares. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions herein
set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree to
purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share
(such Class A ordinary shares, the Ordinary Shares and the Ordinary Shares sold hereunder, the Public Shares)
of the Company, at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions) of $9.80 per Firm Share. The Public Shares are to be offered initially
to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Share.

1.1.2 Payment and Delivery. Delivery
and payment for the Public Shares shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second (2nd) Business Day (as defined
below) following the commencement of trading of the Public Shares, or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative
and the Company, at the offices of Graubard Miller, counsel to the Underwriters (GM), or at such other place as
shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Public Shares is called
the Closing Date. Payment for the Public Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same
day) funds, payable as follows: $200,000,000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the Public Shares and the sale of Placement
Shares (as defined in Section 1.3.2) shall be deposited in the trust account (Trust Account) established
by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined
in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement)
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (CST). The remaining proceeds (less commissions
and actual expense payments or other fees payable pursuant to this Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company upon
delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Public Shares
(or through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Public
Shares shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at
least two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the Public
Shares for issuance, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or issue
any of the Public Shares except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Public Shares. As used herein, the term Public
Shareholders means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Sponsor
(defined below) to the extent it acquires such Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such Ordinary Shares).
Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions
or trust companies are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York City.

1.2 Intentionally
Omitted.

1.3 Private
Placements.

1.3.1 Founder
Shares. In November 2020, the Company issued to Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC (the Sponsor), for a purchase price
of $25,000, 14,375,000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company (the Founder Shares) in a private placement exempt
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act). No underwriting discounts,
commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of the Founder Shares. On May 21, 2024, the
Sponsor surrendered, for no consideration, 9,375,000 Founder Shares, which the Company cancelled, resulting in a decrease in the total
number of Founder Shares outstanding from 14,375,000 Founder Shares to 5,000,000 Founder Shares. Except as described in the Registration
Statement, none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor until the earlier of: (i) one year following
the consummation of a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination); or (ii) subsequent to the consummation of a Business
Combination, (x) when the closing price of the Ordinary Shares exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after
the consummation of the Business Combination; or (y) the date on which the Company consummates a transaction which results in all of the
Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities, or other property. The holders of Founder
Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company
fails to consummate a Business Combination. The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Founder
Shares.

2

1.3.2 Private
Placement. Simultaneously with the Closing Date, the Sponsor will purchase from the Company pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
(as defined in Section 2.21.2), 500,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the Placement Shares) at a
purchase price of $10.00 per Placement Share in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under the Act pursuant to
Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. The private placement of the Placement Shares is referred to herein as the Share Private Placement.
None of the Placement Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees until thirty (30) days after
consummation of a Business Combination. The proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares shall be deposited into the Trust Account.
No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the Placement Shares. The Public
Shares, the Placement Shares and the Founder Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Securities.

1.4 Working
Capital. Upon consummation of the Offering, it is intended that approximately $250,000 of the Offering proceeds will be released to
the Company and held outside of the Trust Account to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

1.5 Interest
Income. Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest earned on
the Trust Account may be released to the Company from the Trust Account only in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to pay
any taxes incurred by the Company, all as more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined below).

1.6 Qualified Independent Underwriter.
The Company hereby confirms its engagement of Odeon Capital Group LLC (Odeon) and Odeon hereby confirms its agreement with
the Company to render services as a qualified independent underwriter within the meaning of Rule 5121 of the Rules of the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) with respect to the Offering. Odeon, solely in its capacity as the
qualified independent underwriter with respect to the Offering, and not otherwise, is referred to herein as the QIU.

3

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1 Filing
of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant
to the Act. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration
statement and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282947), including any related preliminary prospectus (Preliminary
Prospectus), including any prospectus that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement), for the registration of the Public Shares under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or
amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations)
of the Commission under the Act. The conditions for use of Form S-1 to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General
Instructions to such Form, have been satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended,
on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement becomes effective (including the prospectus, financial statements,
schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof
as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement. Market
Making Prospectus means the final prospectus included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus
containing information permitted to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with
the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations) relating to offers and sales of Public Shares in connection with market making
transactions as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act. The form of the final prospectus dated the Effective
Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted
at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations),
including the final Marketing Making Prospectus, is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement,
Time of Sale, as used in the Act, means 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the
Time of Sale, the Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on December 18, 2024,
for distribution by the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus). If the Company files a Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act (a Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement), and unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be
deemed to include such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. Other than a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, which will become effective
upon filing, and the Exchange Act Registration Statement (as defined below), no other document with respect to the Registration Statement
has been filed with the Commission. All of the Public Shares have been registered for public sale under the Act pursuant to the Registration
Statement and, if any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is filed, such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. The Registration Statement
has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative
determine that at the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits a statement
of material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and
the Company and the Representative agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Public Shares to terminate their old purchase
contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then the Sale Preliminary Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information
available to purchasers at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

2.1.2 Pursuant
to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File Number 001-42464) providing for the registration under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Ordinary Shares (the Exchange
Act Registration Statement). The Exchange Act Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date
hereof and the Ordinary Shares have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3 No
Stop Orders, Etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state, or
other regulatory authority has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the
Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4

2.2 Disclosures
in Registration Statement.

2.2.1 10b-5
Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus do and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the
Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. At all times during
the Market Making Period (as defined in Section 3.2.1), the Registration Statement and the Market Making Prospectus do and will
contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations, and did or will,
in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the effective
date, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, not misleading. The
Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date, as the case may be, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their
respective dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Market Making Prospectus, as
of its date, did not, and during the Market Making Period, will not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective
dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Sale Preliminary Prospectus, as of the Time
of Sale (or such subsequent Time of Sale pursuant to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether
filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration of the Public Shares or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a)
of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus
or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto complied or will have been corrected in the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations
and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon
and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for
use in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The
parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the names of the Underwriters,
the information with respect to dealers concessions contained in the third paragraph of the section entitled Underwriting
(Conflicts of Interest) and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in the section entitled Legal Matters
(such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

5

2.2.2 Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required
to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as
exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized
or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred
to in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) is material
to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties thereto, in accordance with
its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and
state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject
to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement
or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry,
any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred
that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder. To the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will
not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating
to environmental laws and regulations.

2.2.3 Prior
Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of,
any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation,
except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.2.4 Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign,
state, and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not
misleading.

2.3 Changes
After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.3.1 No
Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition,
financial or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company,
other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board
of Directors) or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place
which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors
or management to act in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus.

6

2.3.2 Recent
Securities Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has
not (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid
any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4 Independent
Accountants. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, WithumSmith+Brown, PC (WSB), whose
report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the
Prospectus, are independent registered public accountants as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge,
assuming reasonable inquiry, WSB is currently registered with the PCAOB. WSB has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements
included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services,
as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.5 Financial
Statements; Statistical Data.

2.5.1 Financial
Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows
of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United
States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and
the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the
information required to be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are
required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus.
The Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements,
obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that
may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted
financial statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form 10 that have not been included as required.

7

2.5.2 Statistical
Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus,
and/or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate,
and such data materially agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.6 Authorized
Capital; Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus,
and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted share capitalization set forth therein. Except
as set forth in, or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date
and on the Closing Date, as the case may be, there will be no options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any
authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any security convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or
sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.7 Valid
Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1 Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including the Founder Shares, have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof
have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none
of such securities was issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual
rights granted by the Company. The authorized and outstanding securities of the Company, including the Founder Shares, conform in all
material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus. All offers and sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of the Company, including the Founder Shares, were at
all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part on the representations
and warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.7.2 Shares
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for
in accordance with this Agreement and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, and registered in
the register of members of the Company, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not
be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive
rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required
to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Shares has been duly and validly taken. The form of certificates for
the Public Shares conform to the corporate law of the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation and applicable securities laws.
The Public Shares conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

8

2.7.3 Private
Shares. The Placement Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with the
Share Purchase Agreement and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, and registered in the register
of members of the Company, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject
to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Placement Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of
any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to
be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Placement Shares has been duly and validly taken. The Placement Shares conform
in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus, as the case may be.

2.7.4 No
Integration. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities
which are required to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the Offering.

2.8 Registration
Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, no
holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have
the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration
statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9 Validity
and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3),
the Business Combination Marketing Agreement (as defined in Section 3.15), the Sponsor Note (as defined in Section 2.21.4.2), the Expense
Advance Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.5), the Services Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.6) and the Share Purchase Agreement
(collectively, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed
and delivered, will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their
respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign,
federal, and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief
may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

9

2.10 No Conflicts, Etc. The execution,
delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and
therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving
of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of,
or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance
upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which
the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation
of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (collectively, the Charter
Documents); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental
agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties, assets or business constituted as
of the date hereof.

2.11 No
Defaults; Violations. No default or violation in any material respect exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant
or condition of any license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company
may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision
of its Charter Documents or in violation in any material respect of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties
or businesses.

2.12 Corporate
Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1 Conduct
of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders,
licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to
conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (and except
as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect (as hereinafter defined). The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation on this Offering and the Companys
business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with and in furtherance
of the Offering.

2.12.2 Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the
provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith have been obtained.
No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required
for the valid issuance and sale of the Public Shares and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except with respect to
applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws, the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) and the
rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

10

2.13 D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, all information contained in the questionnaires (Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys officers and directors (Insiders) and provided to the Representative and
its counsel and the biographies of the Insiders contained in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
(to the extent a biography is contained) is true and correct and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause
the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete.

2.14 Litigation;
Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding
pending, or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened against or involving the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any shareholder or member of an Insider that has not been disclosed or that is
required to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Questionnaires.

2.15 Good
Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as an exempted company and is in good standing under the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign company in
each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the
failure to qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects, business,
operations or properties of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material
Adverse Effect).

2.16 No
Contemplation of a Business Combination. The Company has not identified any Business Combination target (each a Target Business)
and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with any Target Business with respect to a Business
Combination with the Company.

2.17 Intentionally
Omitted.

2.18 Taxes.

2.18.1 There
are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under Cayman Islands law, U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any
political subdivision of the United States, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the
issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Shares.

2.18.2 The
Company has filed all non-U.S. and U.S. federal, state and local tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the
date hereof in a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes shown as
due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it,
to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial statements
referred to in Section 2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current
or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined.

11

2.18.3 Assuming
the Company satisfies the start up exception (as described in the Registration Statement) to the passive foreign
investment company (PFIC) provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and subject to the
discussion of PFICs and other Federal income tax issues set forth in the Registration Statement under the heading Taxation,
the Company will not be a PFIC for Federal income tax purposes for its initial taxable year ending December 31, 2024.

2.19 Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1 Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders
or any other person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit
(other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a
customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or
any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder
the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to
any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a
Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply
in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.19.2 Currency
and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
(i) the requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting
requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of
1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines,
issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and
no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened.

2.19.3 Patriot
Act. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy
Act of 1970, as amended, or Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism
(USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

12

2.20 Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering and delivered to
the Representative or to GM shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered
thereby.

2.21 Agreements
With Insiders.

2.21.1 Insider
Letter. The Company has caused to be duly executed a legally binding and enforceable agreement (except (i) as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability
of any indemnification, contribution or non-compete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (iii)
that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and
to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters. The
Insider Letter shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed without the prior written consent of the Representative.

2.21.2 Share
Purchase Agreement. The Sponsor has executed and delivered a Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, the form of which is annexed
as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Share Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which the Sponsor will, among
other things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Shares. Pursuant to the
Share Purchase Agreement, the Sponsor has waived any and all rights and claims it may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon,
held in the Trust Account in respect of the Placement Shares.

2.21.3 Registration
Rights Agreement. The Company and the Sponsor have entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights
Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled
to certain registration rights with respect to the securities they hold or may hold, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement
and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.4 Loans.

2.21.4.1 The
Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $300,000 to cover expenses of the Offering (the Expense
Loans) pursuant to a promissory note substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Expense
Loans do not bear any interest and are repayable by the Company on the earlier of June 30, 2026 or the consummation of the Offering.

2.21.4.2 The
Sponsor has agreed to lend to the Company up to $3,000,000 in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination, an
extension of time for the Company to consummate an initial Business Combination or the Companys liquidation (each a Redemption
Event) such that an amount equal to $0.15 per Public Share being redeemed in connection with the applicable Redemption Event
will be added to the Trust Account and paid to the holders of the applicable redeemed shares on such Redemption Event. The loan will be
evidenced by a promissory note (the Sponsor Note) which will not bear interest and will be repaid by the Company
at the closing of an initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to consummate an initial Business Combination, the Sponsor
Note would be repaid only out of funds held outside of the Trust Account.

13

2.21.5 Expense
Advance Agreement. The Sponsor entered into an Expense Advance Agreement (the Expense Advance Agreement) substantially
in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement pursuant to which the Sponsor has committed to fund the Company up to
$1,750,000 for the Companys expenses relating to investigating and selecting a Target Business and other working capital requirements
prior to a Business Combination.

2.21.6 Services
Agreement. The Company has entered into an agreement (the Services Agreement) with the Sponsor substantially
in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement pursuant to which the Sponsor will make available to the Company, on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, general and administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial
support for the Companys use for $10,000 per month payable until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination
or the Companys liquidation.

2.22 Investment
Management Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering and
the Share Private Placement substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

2.23 Intentionally
Omitted.

2.24 No
Existing Non-Competition Agreements. No Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any
employer or prior employer which could materially affect his ability to be an officer and/or director of the Company, except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement.

2.25 Investments.
No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after
taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act.

2.26 Investment
Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application
of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act.

2.27 Subsidiaries.
The Company does not own an interest in any company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other
business entity.

14

2.28 Related
Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any Insider, on
the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal
advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit
of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension
of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.29 No
Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Public Shares to any person or entity with the intention
of unlawfully influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or
suppliers level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable
information about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.30 Sarbanes-Oxley.
The Company is, or on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) and related or similar rules or regulations
promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.31 Distribution
of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the latest of the Closing Date,
the completion of the distribution of the Public Shares and the end of the Market Making Period, any offering material in connection with
the offering and sale of the Public Shares other than the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented
and amended.

2.32 Nasdaq
Stock Market. The Public Shares have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory
distribution, on Nasdaq, and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect such authorization.

2.33 Board
of Directors. As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors will be comprised of the persons set forth as Directors
or Director nominees under the heading of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management.
As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board will comply
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules of Nasdaq that are, in each case, applicable to the Company. As of the Effective Date, the Company
will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules of Nasdaq.

2.34 Emerging
Growth Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

15

2.35 No
Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive officer,
or other officer of the Company, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected with the Company
in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons)
is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care
to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable,
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Representative a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.36 Free-Writing
Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Shares that would constitute an issuer
free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus
as defined in Rule 405. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications
with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the
Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage
in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged by the Representative. The
Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the
Act.

2.37 Underwriter
Engagement. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Company does not have any expectation, understanding or agreement
with any Underwriter for such Underwriter to provide any additional services to the Company after the consummation of the Offering relating
to a Business Combination, the financing thereof or other related transactions. Any Underwriters provision of any such additional
services in connection with a Business Combination will require the Companys separate engagement of such Underwriter in connection
with such Business Combination and the entry into a related written engagement agreement between such Underwriter and the Company setting
forth the terms and conditions of the additional services to be provided by such Underwriter to the Company.

3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments
to Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any
such amendment or supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

16

3.2 Federal
Securities Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance.
During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act and during the Market Making Period, the Company will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations and the Exchange Act and
by the regulations under the Exchange Act, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or
dealings in the Public Shares in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any
time when the Prospectus relating to the Public Shares is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result
of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Representative, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time
to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file
with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act. If
during the period beginning on the date hereof and expiring on the close of trading on the later of (i) 30 days from the date hereof and
(ii) the date on which the Company notifies Cantor in writing that it no longer intends to keep current the Market Making Prospectus (the
Market Making Period), any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company
or counsel for Cantor, the Market Marking Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact
or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Market Marking Prospectus to
comply with the Act, the Company will notify Cantor promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1,
an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2 Filing
of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) and the Market
Making Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule
424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3 Exchange
Act Registration. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Public Shares under the provisions of
the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five years from the Effective Date, or until
the Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier.

3.2.4 Exchange
Act Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation
and dissolution, the Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR)
such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5 Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain
material compliance with each applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related or similar rules and regulations promulgated
by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

17

3.3 Free-Writing
Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Shares that would constitute an issuer free
writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as
defined in Rule 405, without the prior consent of the Representative.

3.4 Delivery
to Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period
when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto becomes effective, deliver to the Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration Statements, including exhibits,
and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all manually
executed consents of certified experts. The Company will deliver to Cantor, without charge and from time to time during the Market Making
Period, such number of copies of the Market Making Prospectus as Cantor may reasonably request.

3.5 Effectiveness
and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain
effective and will notify the Representative promptly and confirm the notice in writing (electronic mail being sufficient): (i) of the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any
foreign or state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Shares for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery
to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments
or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period in which a Prospectus
is required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Shares (but in any event at any time through
and including the Closing Date) that, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order
to make the statements therein, and in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any
foreign or state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every
reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6 Affiliated
Transactions.

3.6.1 Business
Combinations. The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless (i)
the Company obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions that the Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys
disinterested and independent directors (if there are any) approve such transaction.

18

3.6.2 Compensation
to Insiders. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees
or compensation from the Company, for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business
Combination.

3.7 Intentionally
Omitted.

3.8 Reports
to the Representative. For a period of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required
to be liquidated or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the Representative and its
counsel copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally
to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company
shall be required to file with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the
Company or its affairs that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each Current Report on Form 8-K or Schedules 13D, 13G, 14D-1
or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission
under the Act, and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries
of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by
the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and its counsel
in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system
shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section.

3.9 Transfer
Agent. For a period of five years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be
liquidated or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company shall retain a transfer agent acceptable to the
Representative. CST is acceptable to the Representative.

3.10 Payment
of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay, to the extent not paid at Closing, all Company expenses incidental to the performance
of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees
and disbursements, (ii) expenses in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, mailing and delivery (including the payment of
postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, including any
pre or post effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of this Agreement and related documents, including
the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied to the Underwriters in quantities as may be
required by the Underwriters, (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background checks of the Companys management team,
up to a maximum of $2,000 per principal or $20,000 in the aggregate, (iv) the preparation, printing, engraving, issuance and delivery
of the Public Shares including any transfer or other taxes payable thereon, (v) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with
FINRA and the reasonable fees of counsel to the Representative not to exceed $15,000 in connection therewith, (vi) fees, costs and expenses
incurred in listing the Public Shares on Nasdaq or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Representative together determine,
(vii) all fees and disbursements of the transfer agent, (viii) all of the Companys expenses associated with due diligence
and road show meetings arranged by the Representative and any presentations made available by way of a netroadshow, including
without limitation trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses
associated with such trips incurred by the Company or such management; (ix) $100,000 to Odeon for its services and expenses as the QIU;
and (x) all other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incidental to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are
not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 3.10. If the Offering is consummated, the Representative may deduct from
the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth above (which shall be mutually agreed
upon between the Company and the Representative prior to Closing) to be paid by the Company to the Representative and others. If the Offering
is not consummated for any reason (other than a breach by the Representative of any of its obligations hereunder), then the Company shall
reimburse the Representative in full for its out-of-pocket accountable expenses actually incurred through such date, including, without
limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Representative.

19

3.11 Application
of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and Share Private Placement received by it in a manner
consistent with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.12 Delivery
of Earnings Statements to Shareholders. The Company will make generally available to its shareholders as soon as practicable, but
not later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Effective Date, an earnings statement (which need not
be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but which
shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning
after the Effective Date.

3.13 Notice
to FINRA.

3.13.1 Notice
to FINRA. For a period of sixty (60) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA
affiliation or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide any other
services in connection therewith (other than the Business Combination Marketing Agreement), the Company will provide the following to
the Representative prior to the consummation of the Business Combination so that it may advise FINRA of the following: (i) complete details
of all services and copies of agreements governing such services; and (ii) justification as to why the person or entity providing the
merger and acquisition services should not be considered an underwriter and related person with respect to the Offering,
as such term is defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure of such
arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file with the
Commission in connection with the Business Combination.

3.13.2 FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 5% or greater shareholder
of the Company (other than the Sponsor and any Insider) becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the
distribution of the Public Shares.

20

3.14 Stabilization.
Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of its employees, directors or shareholders has taken or will
take (without the consent of the Representative), directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any
security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Shares.

3.15 Business
Combination Marketing Agreement. The Company and the Representative have entered into a separate business combination marketing agreement
substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Business Combination Marketing Agreement).

3.16 Existing
Lock-Up Agreement. The Company will enforce all existing agreements between the Company and any of its shareholders that prohibit
the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or hypothecation of any shares of the Company in connection with the Offering. In addition, the
Company will direct the Companys transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions upon any such shares of the Company that are
bound by such existing lock-up agreements for the duration of the periods contemplated in such agreements.

3.17 Internal
Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i)
transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.18 Accountants.
Until the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated,
the Company shall retain WSB or another independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

3.19 Form
8-K. The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance
sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds of the Offering and the Share Private Placement. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall
file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements.

21

3.20 Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative.

3.21 Investment
Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as provided for
in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will otherwise conduct its business in a manner so that it will not
become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be engaged in
a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.22 Amendments
to Charter Documents. The Company covenants and agrees that prior to its initial Business Combination it will not seek to amend or
modify its Charter Documents, except as set forth in such Charter Documents.

3.23 Press
Releases. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives
prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required
by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.24 Insurance.
The Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance covering the Company,
its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with this Offering, including, without limitation, liabilities
or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws) until consummation of a
Business Combination.

3.25 Electronic
Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense, promptly, but
in no event later than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters
in connection with the Offering. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to Cantor, if Cantor requests on the date of this
Agreement, at the Companys expense, promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this
Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by Cantor in connection with market making transactions. As used herein, the term Electronic
Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions:
(i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters
to offerees and purchasers of the Public Shares for at least the period during which a prospectus relating to the Public Shares is required
to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR,
except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material
shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material,
as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative,
that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to
such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time).

22

3.26 Private
Placement Proceeds. On the Closing Date, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares shall be deposited into the Trust Account
in accordance with the Share Purchase Agreement.

3.27 Future
Financings. The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private
equity or debt financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive,
in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.28 Amendments
to Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change any Transaction Document or any Insider Letter without the
prior written consent of the Representative, which will not be unreasonably withheld. Furthermore, the Trust Agreement shall provide that
the trustee is required to obtain a joint written instruction signed by both the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer
of the funds held in the Trust Account from the Trust Account, prior to commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account
in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination, and such provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be
amended without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.29 Nasdaq.
Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Shares on
Nasdaq or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.30 Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Representative in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Company Covered Person.

3.31 Business
Combination Advisors. The Company may request that any Underwriter provide to the Company any Business Combination marketing, capital
markets advisory or securities placement activities services in connection with a Business Combination (such activities, Business
Combination Services). If any Underwriter agrees to provide any Business Combination Services (such Underwriters, the Business
Combination Advisors), then the Company agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses incurred by any
Business Combination Advisor in connection with any Business Combination Services, including the fees and expenses of its legal counsel;
provided that, except as set forth in the Business Combination Marketing Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to pay or
reimburse the Business Combination Advisors and such other persons providing Business Combination Services for reasonable and documented
costs and expenses incurred in excess of an aggregate amount of (i) $400,000, in the event that the Business Combination is not consummated
or (ii) $250,000, in the event the Business Combination is consummated.

23

3.32 Business Combination
Securities Disclosure Documents. If any Business Combination Advisor may be deemed, in its sole judgment, to be an underwriter of
any securities issued pursuant to any registration statement or tender offer document filed with the Commission in connection with the
consummation of the Business Combination by the Company, a Target Business or any direct or indirect parent or subsidiary of any of them
(any such issuer or co-issuer, a Registrant, and any such securities, the Business Combination Securities),
the Company shall provide or cause to be provided to such Business Combination Advisor information and access to all persons, properties
and documents to the extent necessary for such Business Combination Advisor to complete a due diligence investigation sufficient (in the
view of such Business Combination Advisor in its sole discretion) to provide such Business Combination Advisor with a reasonable
due diligence defense in respect of any claims that could be brought against an underwriter of the applicable Business Combination
Securities under federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, Section 11 of the
Act. As used herein, the term reasonable due diligence means a reasonable investigation that provides the investigating
person a reasonable ground to believe that at the time of the applicable offer, issuance or distribution of any Business Combination Securities,
no registration statement, preliminary or final prospectus, proxy statement, tender offer document or offering memorandum, including,
without limitation, any document incorporated by reference into any of the foregoing, or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing,
or any other marketing document used by any Registrant, filed with or furnished by the Company to the Commission in connection with the
Business Combination but excluding any filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act (each, a Business
Combination Securities Disclosure Document), in each case relating to such offer, issuance or distribution, contained an untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company agrees that it will provide to such Business
Combination Advisor notice of each filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act and each other form of
public communication about the Business Combination reasonably in advance of such filing or public communication. The Company further
covenants that it will use its best efforts to ensure that any projections provided to such Business Combination Advisor by any Registrant
or prepared by any Registrant or any representative of such Registrant (a Registrant Representative) and contained
in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document, in each case, at the time they were prepared, will have been prepared in good
faith and will be based upon assumptions which, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, are reasonable.

3.33 Obligations
in Connection with Business Combination. If requested in writing by a Business Combination Advisor if it may be deemed, in its
sole judgment, to be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities, the following shall apply:

3.33.1. Prior to entering into any definitive
agreement with respect to the Business Combination (or amendment thereto) and until such time as such Business Combination is consummated:

(a) The Company agrees to notify such Business
Combination Advisor with respect to, and to permit such Business Combination Advisor, at its request, to participate in, all diligence
sessions with any Registrant or any Registrant Representative and all drafting sessions, if any, in respect of any Business Combination
Securities Disclosure Document.

24

(b) The Company shall provide drafts of
all Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents to such Business Combination Advisor and its legal counsel reasonably in
advance of the filing by the Company (or, if such filing is to be made by a Registrant other than the Company, any filing which is required
to be approved by the Company) of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document with the Commission or the circulation by any
Registrant of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document to any prospective investor, sufficient to allow such Business Combination
Advisor and its legal counsel to request changes determined by them to be reasonably necessary to such Business Combination Securities
Disclosure Document before its filing or circulation. The Company shall not effect a filing or furnishing to the Commission of any Business
Combination Securities Disclosure Document without the consent of such Business Combination Advisor, which consent shall not unreasonably
be withheld, delayed or conditioned.

3.33.2. Notwithstanding any provision to the
contrary herein, the Company agrees (i) that such Business Combination Advisor shall have the right, in connection with its reasonable
due diligence under Section 3.32, (i) to retain counsel and other consultants and experts as it may deem necessary
or desirable in connection with its reasonable due diligence under Section 3.32 (it being understood that the retention
of any such consultant or expert or other advisor, other than outside legal counsel, will be made with the prior written approval of the
Company, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); (ii) to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure
that, if requested by such Business Combination Advisor, each counsel to the Company and to any other Registrant provides customary legal
opinions and negative assurance letters to such Business Combination Advisor dated as of (x) the date of effectiveness of the Business
Combination Securities Disclosure Document, and (y) the date of the shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the such Business Combination Advisor, (iii) to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure
that, if requested by such Business Combination Advisor, each accounting firm or firms that were retained by the Company or by any other
Registrant and that have audited any financial statements set forth in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document provide
customary comfort letters to such Business Combination Advisor dated as of (x) the date of effectiveness of the Business
Combination Securities Disclosure Document, and (y) the date of the shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination; and (iv) to
take and shall use its reasonable best efforts to take any other actions reasonably requested by such Business Combination Advisor.

3.33.3. Prior to the consummation of the Business
Combination, the Company shall include in the definitive agreement for the Business Combination (i) a covenant for the assignment
and assumption, by the public entity resulting from the initial Business Combination, of all of the Companys obligations hereunder
and (ii) that such Business Combination Advisor may rely on the representations and warranties contained therein as if it were a
party thereto. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that, if requested by such Business Combination Advisor, each
Target Business in the Business Combination agrees to deliver to the Business Combination Advisor a certificate of an officer of such
Target Business stating that to such officers knowledge the representations and warranties made by the Target Business in the definitive
agreement for the Business Combination are true and correct as of the date of such certificate, subject to (i) a customary materiality
standard, (ii) any applicable carve-out with reference to disclosure included in the Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document
and (iii) required adjustments for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date. In addition, the Company
will, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause each Registrant to, comply in all material respects with the obligations and covenants
of the Company set forth in this Agreement which relate to the period following the closing of the Business Combination.

25

3.33.4. Nothing herein shall be deemed to
require the Underwriters to limit their rights to compensation or to reimbursement of expenses without their express agreement or otherwise
to assume any liability other than as may be expressly required under the Act.

3.33.5. The Company acknowledges and agrees
that nothing in this Section 3.33 shall be interpreted to obligate the Underwriters to take any action, or to refrain
from taking any action, in connection with the Business Combination and any such actions will be undertaken by each Underwriter, in respect
of itself, in its sole discretion.

4. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Shares, as provided herein,
shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance by the
Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1 Regulatory
Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness
of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the
date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative.

4.1.2 FINRA
Clearance. By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable
or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3 No
Commission Stop Order. At the Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or
suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.4 Nasdaq.
The Public Shares shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory
distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2 Company
Counsel Matters.

4.2.1 Closing
Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinions and negative assurance
statements of Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP and Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Representative
as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative and GM.

26

4.2.2 Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written
statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the
corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to
the Representatives counsel if requested. The opinions of counsels for the Company shall include a statement to the effect that
they may be relied upon by counsel for the Underwriters in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

4.3 Underwriter
Counsel Matters. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance statement
of Graubard Miller, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form
and substance satisfactory to the Representative.

4.4 Comfort
Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a letter, addressed
to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects (including
the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in Section 4.4.3) to the Representative from WSB dated,
respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date:

4.4.1 Confirming
that they are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations and that
they have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus,
Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g)
of the Exchange Act;

4.4.2 Stating
that in their opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published
Regulations thereunder;

4.4.3 Stating
that, on the basis of their review, which included a reading of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements of the Company
(with an indication of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading of the latest available minutes
of the shareholders and Board of Directors and the various committees of the Board of Directors, consultations with officers and other
employees of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries, nothing has come
to their attention that would lead them to believe that (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting
requirements of the Act and the Regulations or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis substantially consistent
with that of the audited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus, or (b) at a date not later than five days prior to the Effective Date or Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any
change in the share capital or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease in the shareholders equity of the Company as compared
with amounts shown in the December 31, 2023 balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
or, if there was any decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease, and (c) during the period from December 31, 2023 to a specified
date not later than five days prior to the Effective Date or Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any decrease in revenues, net
earnings or net earnings per Ordinary Share, in each case as compared with the corresponding period in the preceding year and as compared
with the corresponding period in the preceding quarter, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, or, if there was any such decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease;

27

4.4.4 Setting
forth, at a date not later than five days prior to the Effective Date, the amount of liabilities of the Company (including a break-down
of commercial papers and notes payable to banks);

4.4.5 Stating
that they have compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial
information pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus in each
case to the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages, statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records,
including work sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained
from the application of specified readings, inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination
in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement;

4.4.6 Stating
that they have not, since the Companys incorporation, brought to the attention of the Companys management any reportable
condition related to internal structure, design or operation as defined in the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 60 Communication
of Internal Control Structure Related Matters Noted in an Audit, in the Companys internal controls; and

4.4.7 Statements
as to such other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative or GM may reasonably request, including:
(i) that WSB is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; (ii) that WSB has sufficient assets and insurance to pay
for any liability incurred by it relating to providing the letter; and (iii) that WSB is not insolvent.

4.5 Officers
Certificates.

4.5.1 Officers
Certificate. At the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Chairman of the
Board or the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company (in their capacities as such), dated the
Closing Date, to the effect that the Company has performed all covenants and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to
be performed or complied with by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4
have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of Closing Date, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section
2 are true and correct. In addition, the Representative will have received such other and further certificates of officers of the
Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representative may reasonably request.

28

4.5.2 Secretarys
Certificate. At the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary or Assistant
Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying (i) that the Charter Documents are true and complete, have not been modified
and are in full force and effect, (ii) that the resolutions of the Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force and effect
and have not been modified, (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the
Commission, (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and Nasdaq and (v) as to
the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.6 No
Material Changes. Prior to and on the Closing Date, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development involving
a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company
from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (ii) no action suit or
proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal,
foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely
affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and
the Prospectus, (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or, to
the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened by the Commission, and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required
to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of
the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any amendment
or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.7 Delivery
of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction Documents
and all of the Insider Letters.

29

5. Indemnification
and Contribution.

5.1 Indemnification.

5.1.1 Indemnification
of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and their respective partners,
members, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any affiliate within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act as follows:

(a) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, Sale Preliminary
Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus or, in the event a Business Combination Advisor, in its sole judgment,
may be deemed to be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities, any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document (or
any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(b) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount
paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or of
any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that
(subject to Section 5.1.4) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall
not unreasonably be delayed, conditioned or withheld;

30

(c) against
any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings, damages, liabilities and expenses incurred by any of them (including the reasonable fees
and expenses of counsel), as incurred, that are related to or arise out of any business combination marketing or capital markets advisory
activities by any Underwriter on the Companys behalf in connection with a Business Combination, provided that the Company will
not, however, be responsible to an Indemnified Person for any portion of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, damage, liability or
expense that is finally judicially determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted primarily
and directly from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Person seeking such indemnification; and

(d) against
any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing
or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or any
claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission (whether or not a
party), to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (a), (b) or (c) above;

provided, however, that the foregoing agreement shall not apply to
any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement
or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information (and, in connection with any Business
Combination, similar information provided by or on behalf of the Business Combination Advisors expressly for use in any Business Combination
Securities Disclosure Document).

5.1.2 Indemnification
of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the
Company, and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the
Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability,
claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements
or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), in reliance upon
and in conformity with Underwriters Information (and, in connection with any Business Combination, similar information provided
by or on behalf of the Business Combination Advisors expressly for use in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document).

31

5.1.3 Notifications
and Other Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 5.1
will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against
an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action,
enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from
(i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability that
it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that, such
omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against
any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate
in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement
of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the
action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified
party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses
except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection
with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other
charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party
has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel)
that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available
to the indemnifying party, (C) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the
indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such
action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such
action or counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the
commencement of the action; in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense
of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding
or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate
firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such
fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party
will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party
shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any
pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 5 (whether or not any indemnified
party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an express and unconditional release of each indemnified
party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation,
proceeding or claim and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf
of any indemnified party.

5.1.4 Settlement
Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified
party for reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature
contemplated by Section 5.1.3 effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after
receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such
settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such
indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

32

5.1.5 Indemnification
of the QIU. Without limitation and in addition to its obligation under the other subsections of this Section 5, the Company
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Odeon, in its capacity as the QIU, its directors, officers, agents, partners, members and employees
and each Controlling Person from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense, as incurred, arising out of or based
upon the QIUs acting as a qualified independent underwriter (within the meaning of Rule 5121 of the Rules of FINRA)
in connection with the Offering, and agrees to reimburse each such indemnified person for any legal or other expense reasonably incurred
by them in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense
or action; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability
or expense results from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the QIU. Notwithstanding the indemnification set forth in this Section
5.1.5, Odeon will undertake liability under Section 11 of the Exchange Act for acting as a qualified independent underwriter in connection
with this Offering in compliance with FINRA Rule 5121(f)(12)(C).

5.2 Contribution.
In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs
of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable or insufficient from the Company
or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including
any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action,
suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which any indemnified party may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to
reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand. The relative benefits received
by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds
from the sale of the Public Shares (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by the
Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Public Shares on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided
by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one
hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability,
expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering.
Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the
intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.2 were
to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or
action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section
5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such
action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.1 and
this Section 5.2, the Underwriters shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions actually received
by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section
5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act, any affiliates of the respective
Underwriters and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates, will have
the same rights to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration
Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled
to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution
may be made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission
to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have
under this Section 5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive
rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of
Section 5.1.3, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent
if such consent is required pursuant to Section 5.1.3.

33

6. Default
by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default
Not Exceeding 10% of Public Shares. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase
the Public Shares and if the number of the Public Shares with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10%
of the number of Public Shares that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Public Shares to which the default relates
shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default
Exceeding 10% of Public Shares. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than 10% of the
Public Shares, the Representative may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties to purchase such Public Shares
to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more
than 10% of the Public Shares the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of such Public Shares, then the Company shall be entitled
to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase
said Public Shares on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Public
Shares to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or
the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10, 5, and 9.3) or the
several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5); provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter
of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3 Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Public Shares to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right
to postpone the Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever
changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents
and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus,
as the case may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally
been a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

34

7. Additional
Covenants.

7.1 Additional
Shares or Options. The Company hereby agrees that until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary
Shares or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities of the Company
which participate in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote as a class with the Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination.

7.2 Trust
Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing its due
diligence investigation of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business and/or
vendor acknowledge in writing whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently
acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands
that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $200,000,000 for the benefit of the Public Shareholders
and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the
Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Ordinary Shares in connection with the consummation
of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period
set forth in the Charter Documents, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and
(b) for and in consideration of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination
with it or (ii) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does
not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies of the Trust Account including any monies distributed by
the Company to Public Shareholders from the Trust Account (Claim) and waives any Claim it may have in the future
as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust
Account for any reason whatsoever. The foregoing letters shall substantially be in the form attached hereto as Exhibits A and B respectively.
The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if the Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer.

7.3 Insider
Letters. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of any of the Insider Letters
and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, such Insider Letters without the prior written consent of the Representative, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

7.4 Rule
419. The Company agrees that it will use its best efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior
to the consummation of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its best efforts to prevent any of the Companys
outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such
period.

7.5 Tender
Offer Documents, Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representative or its counsel (if so instructed
by the Representative) with 10 copies of all tender offer documents or proxy information and all related material filed with the Commission
in connection with a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant
to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been provided to the Representative pursuant to this Section. In addition, the Company shall
furnish any other state in which its initial public offering was registered, such information as may be requested by such state.

35

7.6 Emerging
Growth Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any
time prior to the completion of the distribution of the Public Shares within the meaning of the Act or during the Market Making Period.

7.7 Target
Fair Market Value. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80%
of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the Business Combination with such Target Business
(excluding taxes payable). The fair market value of such Target Business must be determined by the Board of Directors based upon standards
generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value. If the Board of
Directors is not able to independently determine that the Target Business meets such fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion as to the fair market value if the Board of Directors
independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value.

8. Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained
in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date, and such representations, warranties
and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the indemnity agreements contained in Section 5, shall remain operative
and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company or any Controlling
Person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Public Shares to the Underwriters until the
earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Closing Date, at which time
the representations, warranties and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

9. Effective
Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

9.1 Effective
Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by
the Commission.

9.2 Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international
event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future materially
disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the NYSE, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select
Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market or quoted on the OTCBB shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum
prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices
for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction,
or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in existing major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking
moratorium has been declared by a New York State or Federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared
which materially adversely impacts the United States securities market, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by
fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall
have been insured, will, in the Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Public Shares,
or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative
shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material
change in general market conditions, including without limitation as a result of terrorist activities after the date hereof, as in the
Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or issuance of the Public Shares
or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Shares.

36

9.3 Expenses.
In the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions
thereof pursuant to the terms herein, (i) the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions
contemplated herein shall be governed by Section 3.10 and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representative for any costs and
expenses incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

9.4 Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or
termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

10. Miscellaneous.

10.1 Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by
hand or reputable overnight courier or delivered by facsimile transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt) and confirmed and shall
be deemed given when so mailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

499 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attn: General Counsel

Facsimile: (212) 829-4708

Email: #legal-IBD@cantor.com

37

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Graubard Miller

The Chrysler Building

405 Lexington Avenue

New York, New York 10174

Attn: David Alan Miller, Esq.

Facsimile: (888) 225-0104

Email: dmiller@graubard.com

If to the Company:

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Brandon Lutnick, CEO

Facsimile: (212) 829-4708

Email: CantorEquityPartners@cantor.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

Facsimile: (212) 370-7889

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com

Each party to this Agreement may change such address for notices by
sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose. Each such notice or other communication shall
be deemed given (i) when delivered personally or by verifiable facsimile transmission (with an original to follow) on or before 4:30 p.m.,
New York City time, on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) on the next Business
Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in
the U.S. mail (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid).

10.2 Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

10.3 Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

10.4 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement) constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

38

10.5 Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the selected
dealers engaged by the Underwriters, the Company and the Controlling Persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers
referred to in Section 5, and their respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or
be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions
herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of Public Shares
from the Underwriters.

10.6 Waiver
of Immunity. To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced
hereunder, to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment
in aid of execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its obligations
hereunder and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity (whether or not claimed),
the Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law.

10.7 Submission
to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submit to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State
or United States Federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out
of or relating to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering of the
Securities. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that
they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that
any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to
be served upon the Company or the Representative may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 10.1. Such mailing shall be deemed personal
service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the Company
and the Representative waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction
with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any competent
court. The Company agrees that the Underwriters shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses
relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party
in such action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

10.8 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

39

10.9 Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties
hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient
delivery thereof.

10.10 Waiver.
The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of
any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the
party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

10.11 No
Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Public Shares pursuant to this Agreement
is an arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters, (ii)
in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the
agent or fiduciary of the Company, (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company
with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised
or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth
in this Agreement, (iv) in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its
management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken
in furtherance of this offering of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof and (v) the Company has consulted
its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or
similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up
to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will
not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company,
in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible
for making their own independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters
to the Company regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for
the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged
breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters
leading up to such transactions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

40

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the
Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute
a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted on the date first

above written.

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO., as

Representative of the several underwriters

By: /s/ Sage Kelly 

Name: Sage Kelly 

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking 

ODEON CAPITAL GROUP LLC, as

Qualified Independent Underwriter

By: /s/ Mark D. Knoll 

Name: Mark D. Knoll 

Title: General Counsel 

[Signature page to Underwriting Agreement dated January 6, 2025]

41

SCHEDULE A

CANTOR
EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

20,000,000 Ordinary Shares

Underwriter 

Number
of Public Shares

to
be Purchased 

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. 20,000,000 

TOTAL 20,000,000 

42

SCHEDULE B

43

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF TARGET BUSINESS LETTER

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final Prospectus of Cantor
Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company), dated as of __________, 2024 (the Prospectus). Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus and understand that
the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $200,000,000 for the benefit of the Public Shareholders
and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that, except for a portion
of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (i) to the
Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination,
(ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period set forth in
its Charter Documents as the same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation
of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of the Company agreeing
to evaluate the undersigned for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not
have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies of the Trust Account including any monies distributed by the
Company to Public Shareholders from the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may have in
the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against
the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Target Business 

Authorized Signature of Target Business 

44

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF VENDOR LETTER

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final Prospectus of Cantor
Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company), dated as of __________, 2024 the Prospectus). Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus and understand that
the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $200,000,000 for the benefit of the Public Shareholders
and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that, except for a portion
of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (i) to the
Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination,
(ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period set forth in
its Charter Documents as the same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation
of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of the Company agreeing
to engage the services of the undersigned, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies of the Trust Account including any monies distributed by the Company to Public Shareholders from the Trust
Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Vendor 

Authorized Signature of Vendor 

45
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex1-2_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BUSINESS COMBINATION MARKETING AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CF&CO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.2

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

499 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

January 6, 2025

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn: CEO

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This is to confirm our agreement
whereby Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), has requested Cantor Fitzgerald
& Co. (the Advisor) to assist it in connection with the Company merging with, acquiring shares of, engaging in
a share exchange, share reconstruction, recapitalization and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering
into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar business combination (in each case, a Business Combination)
with one or more businesses or entities (each a Target) as described in the Companys Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282947) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement)
in connection with its initial public offering (the IPO).

1. Services
and Fees.

(a) The
Advisor will, from time to time, upon the Companys request:

(i) Assist the Company in arranging meetings with its shareholders to discuss one or more potential Business
Combinations, including discussions of the applicable potential Targets attributes;

(ii) Attempt to introduce the Company to potential investors to purchase the Companys securities in
connection with the Business Combination; and

(iii) Assist the Company with any press releases and/or filings related to the Business Combination or the Target.

(b) As
compensation for the foregoing services, the Company will pay the Advisor a cash fee equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds received by the
Company in the IPO (the Fee). The Fee is due and payable to the Advisor by wire transfer at the closing of the Business
Combination (the Closing). If a proposed Business Combination is not consummated for any reason, no Fee shall be
due or payable to the Advisor hereunder. The Fee shall be exclusive of any finders or other fees which may become payable to the
Advisor pursuant to any subsequent agreement between the Advisor and the Company or the Target.

2. Expenses.

At the Closing, the Company
shall reimburse the Advisor for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Advisor (including reasonable fees and disbursements
of counsel) in connection with the performance of its services hereunder. Reimbursable expenses shall be due and payable to the Advisor
by wire transfer at the Closing from the Trust Account.

3. Company
Cooperation.

The Company will provide full
cooperation to the Advisor as may be necessary for the efficient performance by the Advisor of its obligations hereunder, including, but
not limited to, providing to the Advisor and its counsel, on a timely basis, all documents and information regarding the Company and Target
that the Advisor may reasonably request or that are otherwise relevant to the Advisors performance of its obligations hereunder
(collectively, the Information); making the Companys management, auditors, consultants and advisors available
to the Advisor; and, using commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Advisor with reasonable access to the management, auditors,
suppliers, customers, consultants and advisors of Target. The Company will promptly notify the Advisor of any change in facts or circumstances
or new developments affecting the Company or Target or that might reasonably be considered material to the Advisors engagement
hereunder. The Advisor shall not share with third parties any Information, presentations and/or materials about the Company, its shareholders
and/or affiliates, the initial Business Combination and any Targets, to the extent that any such information is not already provided to
the public in the Registration Statement unless the Advisor obtains the Companys prior written approval (which may be provided
via email).

Additionally, the Company
hereby acknowledges and confirms its obligations under Sections 3.32 and 3.33 of the Underwriting Agreement executed by the Company and
the Advisor on the date hereof and that the Advisor shall be deemed to be a Business Combination Advisor under such sections.

4. Representations;
Warranties and Covenants.

The
Company represents, warrants and covenants to the Advisor that all Information it makes available to the Advisor by or on behalf of the
Company in connection with the Business Combination will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading as of the date
thereof and as of the consummation of the Business Combination.

5. Indemnity.

The Company shall indemnify
the Advisor and its affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, representatives and agents in
accordance with the indemnification provisions set forth in Annex I hereto, all of which are incorporated herein by reference.

2

Notwithstanding the foregoing
and Annex I, the Advisor agrees, if there is no Closing, (i) that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in
or to any monies in the Companys trust account (Trust Account) established in connection with the IPO with
respect to this Agreement, including the foregoing indemnity (each, a Claim); (ii) to waive any Claim it may have
in the future; and (iii) to not seek recourse against the Trust Account with respect to any Claim.

6. Use
of Name and Reports.

Without the Advisors
prior written consent, neither the Company nor any of its affiliates (nor any director, officer, manager, partner, member, employee, representative
or agent thereof) shall quote or refer to (i) the Advisors name or (ii) any advice rendered by the Advisor to the Company or any
communication from the Advisor in connection with performance of their services hereunder, except as required by applicable federal or
state law, regulation or securities exchange rule.

7. Status
as Independent Contractor.

The Advisor shall perform
its services as an independent contractor and not as an employee of the Company or affiliate thereof. It is expressly understood and agreed
to by the parties that the Advisor shall have no authority to act for, represent or bind the Company or any affiliate thereof in any manner,
except as may be expressly agreed to by the Company in writing. In rendering such services, the Advisor will be acting solely pursuant
to a contractual relationship on an arms-length basis. This Agreement is not intended to create a fiduciary relationship between
the parties and neither the Advisor nor any of the Advisors officers, directors or personnel will owe any fiduciary duty to the
Company or any other person in connection with any of the matters contemplated by this Agreement.

8. Potential
Conflicts.

The Company acknowledges that
the Advisor is a full-service securities firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities and providing investment banking
and advisory services from which conflicting interests may arise. In the ordinary course of business, the Advisor and its affiliates may
at any time hold long or short positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions, for their own account or the accounts of customers,
in debt or equity securities of the Company, its affiliates or other entities that may be involved in the transactions contemplated hereby.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or restrict the Advisor or any of its affiliates in conducting such business.

9. Entire
Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes
the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect thereto. This Agreement may not be modified or terminated orally or in any manner other than by an agreement
in writing signed by the parties hereto.

3

10. Notices.
All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or delivered by facsimile transmission and confirmed
to the parties hereto as follows:

If to the Advisor:

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

499 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attn: General Counsel

Facsimile: (212) 829-4708

If to the Company:

Cantor Equity Partners I,
Inc.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Facsimile: (212) 829-4708

Each party to this Agreement
may change such address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose. Each
such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally or by verifiable facsimile transmission (with an
original to follow) on or before 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding
Business Day, (ii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii) on the Business
Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). For purposes
of this Agreement, Business Day shall mean any day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are open for business.

11. Successors
and Assigns.

This Agreement may not be
assigned by either party without the written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and, except where prohibited, to their successors and assigns.

12. Non-Exclusivity.

Nothing herein shall be deemed
to restrict or prohibit the engagement by the Company of other consultants providing the same or similar services or the payment by the
Company of fees to such other consultants. The Companys engagement of any other consultant(s) shall not affect the Advisors
right to receive the Fee and reimbursement of expenses pursuant to this Agreement.

4

13. Applicable
Law; Venue.

This Agreement shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to conflict of laws. In the event of any dispute
under this Agreement, then and in such event, each party hereto agrees that the dispute shall be brought and enforced in the courts of
the State of New York, County of New York under the accelerated adjudication procedures of the Commercial Division, or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York, in each event at the discretion of the party initiating the dispute. Each party
irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. Each party hereby waives any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon a party may be served
by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such party at the address set forth at the
beginning of this Agreement. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the party being served
in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company agrees that the Advisor shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if it is the prevailing
party in such action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

14. Counterparts.

This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when
one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of
a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

5

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Advisor and the Company with respect to the foregoing, please so indicate your agreement by signing
in the place provided below, at which time this letter shall become a binding contract.

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

By: 

/s/ Sage Kelly

Name: Sage Kelly

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking

AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY:

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Brandon Lutnick 

Name: Brandon Lutnick 

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Business Combination Marketing
Agreement]

6

ANNEX I

Indemnification

In connection with the engagement
of Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (the Advisor) by Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company)
pursuant to that certain letter agreement of which this Annex forms a part, the Company hereby agrees, subject to the second paragraph
of Section 5 of the Agreement, to indemnify and hold harmless the Advisor and its affiliates and their respective directors, officers,
shareholders, agents, controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws) and employees of any of the foregoing (collectively
the Indemnified Persons), from and against any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings (including those of shareholders),
damages, liabilities and expenses incurred by any of them (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), as incurred (collectively
a Claim), that (A) are related to or arise out of (i) any actions taken or omitted to be taken (including any untrue
statements made or any statements omitted to be made) by the Company, or (ii) any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any Indemnified
Person in connection with the Companys engagement of the Advisor, or (B) otherwise relate to or arise out of the Advisors
activities on the Companys behalf under the Advisors engagement, and the Company shall reimburse any Indemnified Person
for all fees, costs, expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) as incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection
with investigating, preparing or defending any such claim, action, suit or proceeding, whether or not in connection with pending or threatened
litigation in which any Indemnified Person is a party. The Company will not, however, be responsible for any portion of any such Claim
that is finally judicially determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted primarily
and directly from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of any person seeking indemnification for such Claim. The Company
further agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (including without limitation, liability for any losses, claims, damages,
obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements) to the Company or any person claiming through
the Company for or in connection with the Companys engagement of the Advisor except where such liability is found in a final judgment
by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted primarily and directly from the bad faith, gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person.

The Company further agrees
that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Advisor, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any
pending or threatened Claim in respect of which indemnification may be sought hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified Person is an actual
or potential party to such Claim), unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional, irrevocable release of each
Indemnified Person from any and all liability arising out of such Claim.

Promptly upon receipt by an
Indemnified Person of notice of any complaint or the assertion or institution of any Claim with respect to which indemnification is being
sought hereunder, such Indemnified Person shall notify the Company in writing of such complaint or of such assertion or institution but
failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any obligation it may have hereunder, except and only to the extent
such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company of substantial rights and defenses. If the Company so elects or is requested by
such Indemnified Person, the Company will assume the defense of such Claim, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory
to such Indemnified Person and the payment of the fees and expenses of such counsel. In the event, however, that legal counsel to such
Indemnified Person reasonably determines that having common counsel would present such counsel with a conflict of interest or if the defendant
in, or target of, any such Claim, includes an Indemnified Person and the Company, and legal counsel to such Indemnified Person reasonably
concludes that there may be legal defenses available to it or other Indemnified Persons different from or in addition to those available
to the Company, then such Indemnified Person may employ its own separate counsel to represent or defend him, her or it in any such Claim
and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Company
fails timely or diligently to defend, contest, or otherwise protect against any Claim, the relevant Indemnified Party shall have the right,
but not the obligation, to defend, contest, compromise, settle, assert crossclaims, or counterclaims or otherwise protect against the
same, and shall be fully indemnified by the Company therefor, including without limitation, for the reasonable fees and expenses of its
counsel and all amounts paid as a result of such Claim or the compromise or settlement thereof.

7

In addition, with respect
to any Claim in which the Company assumes the defense, the Indemnified Person shall have the right to participate in such Claim and to
retain his, her or its own counsel therefor at his, her or its own expense.

The Company agrees that if
any indemnity sought by an Indemnified Person hereunder is held by a court to be unavailable for any reason then (whether or not the Advisor
is an Indemnified Person), the Company and the Advisor shall contribute to the Claim for which such indemnity is held unavailable in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and the Advisor on the other, in connection
with the Advisors engagement referred to above, subject to the limitation that in no event shall the amount of the Advisors
contribution to such Claim exceed the amount of Fees actually received by the Advisor from the Company pursuant to such engagement. The
Company hereby agrees that the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and the Advisor on the other, with respect to the Advisors
engagement shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or proposed to be paid or received by the Company
or its shareholders as the case may be, pursuant to the transaction (whether or not consummated) for which the Advisor is engaged to render
services bears to (b) the Fee paid or proposed to be paid to the Advisor in connection with such engagement.

The Companys indemnity,
reimbursement and contribution obligations under this Agreement (a) shall be in addition to, and shall in no way limit or otherwise adversely
affect any rights that any Indemnified Party may have at law or at equity and (b) shall be effective whether or not the Company is at
fault in any way.

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex3-1_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Registrar
of Companies

Government
Administration Building

133
Elgin Avenue

George
Town

Grand
Cayman

Cantor
Equity Partners I, Inc. (ROC # 367956) (the Company)

TAKE
NOTICE that by written resolution of the sole shareholder of the Company dated 6 January 2025, the following special resolution was
passed:

1 Adoption
of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

It
is resolved as a special resolution that, with effect from the effective time and date of
the Companys Registration Statement on Form 8-A as filed with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission, the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company currently
in effect be amended and restated by the deletion in their entirety and the substitution
in their place of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association annexed
hereto.

/s/
Romario Ysaguirrie 

Romario Ysaguirrie 

Corporate Administrator 

for and on behalf of 

Maples Corporate Services Limited 

Dated this 7th day of January 2025 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: C77003692773

THE COMPANIES ACT (As
Revised)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

Cantor
Equity Partners I, Inc. 

(adopted
by Special Resolution dated 6 JANUARY 2025 and effective on 6 JANUARY 2025)

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

THE
COMPANIES ACT (As Revised)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

CANTOR
EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. 

(adopted
by Special Resolution dated 6 JANUARY 2025 and effective on 6 JANUARY 2025)

1 The name of the Company is Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

2 The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO
Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as the Directors may decide.

3 The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power
and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands.

4 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Members shares.

5 The share capital of the Company is US$55,500 divided into 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a par
value of US$0.0001 each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each and 5,000,000 preference shares of a par
value of US$0.0001 each.

6 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the
laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

7 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the
respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

2 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (As Revised)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

CANTOR
EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. 

(adopted
by Special Resolution dated 6 JANUARY 2025 and effective on 6 JANUARY 2025)

1 Interpretation

1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there is something
in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity.

Applicable Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Articles means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company.

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Auditor means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any).

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

3 

Business Combination means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on The NASDAQ Global Market, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

business day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City.

Clearing House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Class A Share means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class B Share means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Company means the above named company.

Companys Website means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any).

Compensation Committee means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Deadline Date means 24 months from the consummation of the IPO.

Designated Stock Exchange means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including The NASDAQ Global Market.

Directors means the directors for the time being of the Company.

Dividend means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

4 

Electronic Communication means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors.

Electronic Record has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act.

Electronic Transactions Act means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-linked Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar United States federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Founders means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Independent Director has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

IPO means the Companys initial public offering of securities.

Member has the same meaning as in the Statute.

Memorandum means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company.

Officer means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company.

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles.

Preference Share means a preference share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

5 

Private Placement means the private placement of 500,000 Class A Shares consummated concurrently with the consummation of the IPO.

Public Share means a Class A Share issued in the IPO.

Redemption Notice means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein. 

Register of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members.

Registered Office means the registered office for the time being of the Company.

Representative means a representative of the Underwriters.

Seal means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal.

Securities and Exchange Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Share means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company.

Special Resolution subject to Article 29.4 and Article 47, has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution.

Sponsor means Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors or assigns.

Statute means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Tax Filing Authorised Person means such person as any Director shall designate from time to time, acting severally.

Treasury Share means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute.

Trust Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of the IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of the Private Placement will be deposited.

Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

6 

1.2 In the Articles:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa;

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

(c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(d) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words
in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions
as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular
or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) the term and/or is used to mean both and as well as or. The use of
and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in
others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require
the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles;

(j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record;

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles
themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act;

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply;

(m) the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the
day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; and

(n) the term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register
of Members as the holder of such Share.

2 Commencement of Business

2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the Directors
shall see fit.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

7 

2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in
or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3 Issue of Shares and other Securities

3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company
in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any
existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with
or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return
of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the
Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of
Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Ordinary Share
Conversion set out in the Articles.

3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature
conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company
on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine.

3.3 The Company may issue Public Shares in the IPO upon such terms as the Directors may from time to time
determine. Further, the Company may issue Shares or units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional
Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof
to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from
time to time determine.

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

4 Register of Members

4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute.

4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in
accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which
shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date

5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or
any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination
of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other
newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall
be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

8 

5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears
a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any
adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members
entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution,
the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or
other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of
Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof.

6 Certificates for Shares

6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates
shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates
shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued
with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise
identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled
and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares
shall have been surrendered and cancelled.

6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than
one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any)
as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence, as the
Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or
other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course
of delivery.

6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable,
or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the
case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement
of a Share transfer with the Company.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

9 

7 Transfer of Shares

7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of their Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in
conjunction with rights, options, warrants or units issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the
other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer
of such right, option, warrant or unit.

7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed
by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the
transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or
transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the
Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee
is entered in the Register of Members.

8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares

8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption
of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such other terms as the Company by Ordinary Resolution,
may determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in the Business Combination Article hereof; and

(b) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in the Business
Combination Article hereof.

8.2 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may
agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described
in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

10 

8.3 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner
permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share.

9 Treasury Shares

9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share
shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they
think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

10 Variation of Rights of Shares

10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes
of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class)
may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class where
such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall
be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the issued Shares of that class (other than with
respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Ordinary Share Conversion Article hereof, which as stated therein shall only require
the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of that class), or with the approval of a resolution passed by
a majority of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent
from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings
shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one-third
of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll.

10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the classes of
Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals
under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights
shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by: (i) the creation
or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights; (ii) where the constitutional
documents of the Company are amended or new constitutional documents of the Company are adopted, in each case, as a result of the Company
undertaking a transfer; or (iii) the conversion of any Class B Shares pursuant to the Class B Ordinary Share Conversion Article.

11 Commission on Sale of Shares

The Company may, in so far as the Statute
permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of that person subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally)
or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied
by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage
as may be lawful.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

11 

12 Non Recognition of Trusts

The Company shall not be bound by or
compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except
only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to
the entirety thereof in the holder.

13 Lien on Shares

13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered
in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether
presently payable or not) by such Member or their estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or not, but
the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The registration of
a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon. The Companys lien on a Share shall also extend
to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company has a
lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within 14 clear days after notice has been received
or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy
of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold.

13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer
of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or their nominee shall be registered as the
holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and they shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor
shall their title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the exercise of the Companys power of sale
under the Articles.

13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part of the
amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently
payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale.

14 Call on Shares

14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon the Members
in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving
at least 14 clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount
called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be required
to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon them notwithstanding the subsequent
transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

12 

14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising
such call was passed.

14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due shall pay
interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and
in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive payment of
the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on account
of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles
shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of calls, or
the interest to be paid.

14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all or any
part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by that Member, and may (until the amount would otherwise become payable)
pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion of
a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but for such payment,
become payable.

15 Forfeiture of Shares

15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may
give to the person from whom it is due not less than 14 clear days notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest
which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify where payment
is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable
to be forfeited.

15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the payment
required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other
distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as
the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the
Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise
some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

13 

15.4 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them and shall
surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies
which at the date of forfeiture were payable by that person to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such rate
as the Directors may determine, but that persons liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of
all monies due and payable by them in respect of those Shares.

15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited on
a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The
certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom
the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall their
title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of
the Share.

15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non payment of any sum which,
by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium
as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

16 Transmission of Shares

16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where they were a joint holder), or their legal personal
representatives (where they were a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to the deceased
Members Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which the Member
was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect,
by a notice in writing sent by that person to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated
by them registered as the holder of such Share. If they elect to have another person registered as the holder of such Share they shall
sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend
registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before their death or bankruptcy or
liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be.

16.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages
to which they would be entitled if they were the holder of such Share. However, they shall not, before becoming a Member in respect of
a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the Company and
the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered or to have some person nominated
by them registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration
as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before their death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within 90 days of being received
or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends, other
distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

14 

17 Class B Ordinary Share Conversion

17.1 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects,
and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of
Shares Article and the Appointment and Removal of Directors Article hereof) with the exception that the holder of a Class B Share shall
have the conversion rights referred to in this Article.

17.2 Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial
Conversion Ratio): (a) at any time and from time to time at the option of the holders thereof; or (b) in connection with the
consummation of a Business Combination.

17.3 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other
Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and in connection with
the consummation of a Business Combination including in any private placement, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert
into Class A Shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at a ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert
into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution
adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all
Class B Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, in the aggregate, 20% of the sum of all Class A Shares and Class B Shares in issue
upon completion of the IPO (not including the Class A Shares issued in the Private Placement) plus all Class A Shares and Equity-linked
Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination.

17.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion
Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by
the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate
class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof.

17.5 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by share subdivision,
exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by share consolidation, exchange,
reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class A Shares in issue into a
greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision,
combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

15 

17.6 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article.
The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert into such number
of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class
A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the denominator of which shall
be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion.

17.7 References in this Article to converted, conversion or exchange
shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application
of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a
price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued
as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered
in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

17.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event may any Class B Share convert into
Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.

18 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital

18.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights,
priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine;

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any
denomination;

(d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital
into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and

(e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed
to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

18.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to
the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as
the Shares in the original share capital.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

16 

18.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to be
dealt with by Ordinary Resolution, Article 29.4 and Article 47, the Company may by Special Resolution:

(a) change its name;

(b) alter or add to the Articles;

(c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein;
and

(d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund.

19 Offices and Places of Business

Subject to the provisions of the Statute,
the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition to its Registered
Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

20 General Meetings

20.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings.

20.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged to, in each year hold a general
meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall
be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

20.3 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairperson of the board of Directors may call general
meetings, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Members shall not have the ability to call general meetings.

20.4 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for appointment
as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company not less than 120 calendar
days before the date of the Companys proxy statement released to Members in connection with the previous years annual general
meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the previous year, or if the date of the current years annual general
meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous years annual general meeting, then the deadline shall
be set by the board of Directors with such deadline being a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and send its related proxy
materials.

21 Notice of General Meetings

21.1 At least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify the
place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be
given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general
meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of
the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote at the meeting;
and

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

17 

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right
to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than 95% in par value of the Shares giving that right.

21.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non receipt of notice of a general
meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that general meeting.

22 Proceedings at General Meetings

22.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders of a majority
of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative
or proxy shall be a quorum.

22.2 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications equipment
by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general
meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting.

22.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on
behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations
or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had
been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

22.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the
meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time and/or place as
the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the
meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum.

22.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any person
to act as chairperson of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairperson, if any,
of the board of Directors shall preside as chairperson at such general meeting. If there is no such chairperson, or if the person shall
not be present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall
elect one of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.

22.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairperson or if no Director is present within 15 minutes after the
time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.

22.7 The chairperson may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed
by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting
other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

18 

22.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for 30 days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given
as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting.

22.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors,
in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place,
the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place,
day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members.
No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

22.10 When a general meeting is postponed for 30 days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall be given
as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of a postponed meeting. All proxy
forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general
meeting which has already been postponed.

22.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

22.12 A poll shall be taken as the chairperson directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the
resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

22.13 A poll demanded on the election of a chairperson or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith.
A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairperson of the general meeting directs, and
any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll.

22.14 In the case of an equality of votes the chairperson shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

23 Votes of Members

23.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Article 29.4 and
Article 47, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which they are the holder.

23.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by
proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall be accepted
to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders
stand in the Register of Members.

23.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction
in lunacy, may vote by their committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Members behalf appointed by that court, and
any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

19 

23.4 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless they are registered as a Member on the
record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by them in respect of Shares have been paid.

23.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned
general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection
made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairperson whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

23.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural
person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments
to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares
in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

23.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of their Shares in the same way
on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting
a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing the proxy, a proxy appointed under one or
more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which they are appointed either for or against a resolution
and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which they are appointed.

24 Proxies

24.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor
or of their attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non natural person, under the hand of
its duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member.

24.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy
sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being
not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or
adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the
person named in the instrument proposes to vote.

24.3 The chairperson may in any event at their discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed
to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has not been declared to have
been duly deposited by the chairperson, shall be invalid.

24.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the Directors
may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

20 

24.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the
previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the
transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer
was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it
is sought to use the proxy.

25 Corporate Members

25.1 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional
documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks
fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled
to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which they represent as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual
Member.

25.2 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons
as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the
authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person
so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts
and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered
holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

26 Shares that May Not be Voted

Shares in the Company that are beneficially
owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number
of outstanding Shares at any given time.

27 Directors

27.1 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that the Company
may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors.

27.2 The Directors shall be divided into two classes: Class I and Class II. The number of Directors in each
class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the Articles, the existing Directors shall by resolution classify themselves
as Class I or Class II Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys first annual
general meeting and the Class II Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys second annual general meeting.
Commencing at the Companys first annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed to
succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the second succeeding annual general meeting
after their appointment. Except as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual general meetings
or extraordinary general meetings called for the appointment of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors and the filling
of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting
from the removal of Directors for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, although less
than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of
their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy
resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death,
resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until their successor shall have been appointed and qualified.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

21 

28 Powers of Directors

28.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given
by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all the powers of the Company. No
alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid
if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present
may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors.

28.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments
and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in
such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution.

28.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement to any
Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to their surviving spouse, civil partner or dependants
and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

28.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its
undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock,
mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of
any third party.

29 Appointment and Removal of Directors

29.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution
remove any Director, provided that prior to the consummation of a Business Combination and for so long as there are Class B Shares in
issue, only the holders of the Class B Shares shall be entitled to vote on any such Ordinary Resolution. For the avoidance of doubt, prior
to the consummation of a Business Combination, if there are any Class B Shares in issue, holders of Class A Shares shall have no right
to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

22 

29.2 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director
provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with the Articles
as the maximum number of Directors.

29.3 After the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person
to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

29.4 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, Article 29.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution
passed by at least 90% of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general
meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous
written resolution.

30 Vacation of Office of Director

The office of a Director shall be vacated
if:

(a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that they resign the office of Director; or

(b) the Director is absent (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three consecutive
meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution that they
have by reason of such absence vacated office; or

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with their creditors generally;
or

(d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that the Director should be removed
as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance
with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

31 Proceedings of Directors

31.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless
so fixed shall be two if there are two of more Directors, and shall be one if there is only one Director.

31.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairperson shall
have a second or casting vote.

31.3 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference telephone
or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other at the
same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined
by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the chairperson is located at the start of the meeting.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

23 

31.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the members of
a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office
by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual as
if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be, duly convened and held.

31.5 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Directors
by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the general nature of the business to be considered
unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors
all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis.

31.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding any
vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary
quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be equal to
such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose.

31.7 The Directors may elect a chairperson of their board and determine the period for which they are to hold
office; but if no such chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the chairperson is not present within five minutes after the time
appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.

31.8 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding
that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director, and/or that they or any of them were disqualified,
and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or not
disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled to vote, as the case may be.

31.9 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed in writing
by that Director. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the
appointing Director.

32 Presumption of Assent

A Director who is present at a meeting
of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless
their dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless they shall file their written dissent from such action with the
person acting as the chairperson or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered
post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in
favour of such action.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

24 

33 Directors Interests

33.1 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of Auditor)
in conjunction with their office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine.

33.2 A Director may act on their own or by, through or on behalf of their firm in a professional capacity for
the Company and they or their firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if they were not a Director.

33.3 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company promoted
by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and no such Director shall
be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by them as a director or officer of, or from their interest
in, such other company.

33.4 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from contracting
with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction entered into by
or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director
so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by or arising in connection with any
such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director
shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which they are interested provided that the nature of the interest
of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by them at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

33.5 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified firm
or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes
of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which they have an interest, and after such general notice it shall
not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

34 Minutes

The Directors shall cause minutes to
be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of
the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of the
Directors present at each meeting.

35 Delegation of Directors Powers

35.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate,
to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee).
Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of
their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of
a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

25 

35.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to be a manager
or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies.
Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion
of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings
of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they
are capable of applying.

35.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and, if so adopted, shall review and assess
the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the
Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations
of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors
as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations
of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee and the Compensation
Committee shall be made up of such number of Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law.

35.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the Company
on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be
revoked by the Directors at any time.

35.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body of persons,
whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose
and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the Articles) and
for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain
such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the Directors
may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions
vested in them.

35.6 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration
and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise
specified in the terms of their appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate
their office at any time if they give notice in writing to the Company that they resign their office.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

26 

36 No Minimum Shareholding

The Company in general meeting may fix
a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director is
not required to hold Shares.

37 Remuneration of Directors

37.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall
determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company prior to the consummation of a Business Combination
unless otherwise approved in writing by a majority of the holders of Class B Shares. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after
the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them
in connection with their attendance at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate
meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company
or the discharge of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors,
or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other.

37.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services which
in the opinion of the Directors go beyond that Directors ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also
counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to their remuneration
as a Director.

38 Seal

38.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the authority
of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall
be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors for the purpose.

38.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals
each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine, with the addition on its face
of the name of every place where it is to be used.

38.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority of the
Directors affix the Seal over their signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated by them under seal or
to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

39 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve

39.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any
Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or
other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend
unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend specifically state that such Dividend
shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company,
out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

27 

39.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions
shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank
for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

39.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums of money
(if any) then payable by the Member to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

39.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the distribution
of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company
or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as
they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any
part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust
the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors.

39.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions may
be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions that may be required and how
any costs involved are to be met.

39.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such sums as
they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company
and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

39.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares may be
paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or,
in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such person
and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order
of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions,
bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

39.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company.

39.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed after
six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid
into a separate account in the Companys name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account
and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed
after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert
to the Company.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

28 

39.10 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Directors may only resolve to pay Dividends and
other distributions on Shares in issue in accordance with this Article if approved by consent in writing of the holders of not less than
two-thirds of the issued Class B Shares.

40 Capitalisation

The Directors may at any time capitalise
any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account and capital redemption
reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such
sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution of
profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment
and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall do all acts
and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think
fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue
to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members
interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement
made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company.

41 Books of Account

41.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying
documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and
the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets
and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years from the date on which they
are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true
and fair view of the state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

41.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions
or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and
no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred
by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

41.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit and
loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

29 

42 Audit

42.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors
determine.

42.2 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares (or
depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit
Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities
of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every
financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

42.3 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee
for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

42.4 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

42.5 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by their becoming incapable
of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when their services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and
determine the remuneration of such Auditor.

42.6 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers
of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information and explanation as may be necessary for
the performance of the duties of the Auditor.

42.7 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their
tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the
Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of
a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office,
upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members.

42.8 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval
of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval.

42.9 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non-compliance is identified,
the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise
cause compliance with the terms of the IPO.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

30 

42.10 At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as
determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment
experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background
which results in the individuals financial sophistication.

43 Notices

43.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by sending
it by courier, post, telex, fax or email to such Member or to such Members address as shown in the Register of Members (or where the
notice is given by email by sending it to the email address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other
competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Companys Website.

43.2 Where a notice is sent by:

(a) courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company,
and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on
which the notice was delivered to the courier;

(b) post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting
a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public
holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted;

(c) telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending
such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted;

(d) email or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting
the email to the email address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was
sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the email to be acknowledged by the recipient; and

(e) placing it on the Companys Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected
one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Companys Website.

43.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised are entitled
to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner as other notices which are required to be
given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the
bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option
of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

31 

43.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every holder
of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that in the case of joint holders
the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the ownership
of a Share devolves because they are a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but for their
death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive notices of general
meetings.

44 Winding Up

44.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding
up:

(a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole
of the Companys issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the
Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the
whole of the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members
in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares
in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise.

44.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and
with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in
kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may
for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members.
The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of
the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon
which there is a liability.

45 Indemnity and Insurance

45.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the Company),
together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person) shall be indemnified out of the
assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses,
whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such
liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall
be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of
their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No
person shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent
jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

32 

45.2 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity
will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking
to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified
Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication
that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall
not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest)
by the Indemnified Person.

45.3 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director
or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence,
default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

46 Financial Year

Unless the Directors otherwise prescribe,
the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin on 1st
January in each year.

47 Transfer by Way of Continuation

If the Company is exempted as defined
in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of:

(a) for so long as there are any Class B Shares in issue, a Special Resolution of the holders of the Class
B Shares; and

(b) at any other time, a Special Resolution;

have the power to register by way of
continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands
and to alter or add to the Memorandum and the Articles in connection therewith.

48 Mergers and Consolidations

The Company shall
have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the
Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

33 

49 Business Combination

49.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing
upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a Business Combination and the full distribution
of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions
of this Article shall prevail.

49.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a
per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or payable,
if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares. Such obligation to repurchase Shares will be subject to the completion of
the proposed Business Combination to which it relates.

49.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission
prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business
Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a
general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

49.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article,
in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business
Combination, provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company can satisfy any minimum cash
requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to such Business Combination.

49.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, at least
two business days prior to any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash, in accordance
with any applicable requirements provided for in the related proxy materials (the Business Combination Redemption),
provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of their or any other person with whom they are acting in concert or as
a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act) for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption
right with respect to more than 15% of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company and provided further
that any beneficial holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself to the Company
in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such
redeeming Member, regardless of whether they are voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (such interest shall be net of taxes payable) and not previously
released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to
herein as the Redemption Price), but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved
and in connection with its consummation.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

34 

49.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors determine
(in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may do in whole or in part). The Directors
(in their sole discretion) shall determine the timing of such Business Combination Redemption of Public Shares in order to facilitate
the consummation and/or closing of a Business Combination.

49.7 In the event that:

(a) the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by: (i) the Deadline Date; (ii) such earlier time
as determined by resolution of the Directors acting in good faith with notice in writing to the Members; or (iii) such later time as the
Members may approve by Special Resolution in accordance with the Articles; or

(b) if the Directors, acting in good faith, determine by resolution, and provide notice in writing to the
Members, that the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination by the Deadline Date,

the Company shall:

(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then Public
Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any); and

(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys
remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve,

subject in each case
to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law.

49.8 In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles (an Amendment):

(a) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a
Business Combination or redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by: (i) the Deadline
Date; (ii) such earlier time as determined by resolution of the Directors acting in good faith with notice in writing to the Members;
or (iii) such later time as the Members may approve by Special Resolution in accordance with the Articles; or

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

35 

(b) with respect to any other provision relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination activity,

any Member holding
Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, at least two business days prior to any vote on an Amendment,
elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided for in the related proxy
materials (the Amendment Redemption), provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of their or any
other person with whom they are acting in concert or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act) for the purposes of acquiring, holding,
or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15% of the Public Shares in the aggregate without
the prior consent of the Company and provided further that any beneficial holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is
being exercised must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public
Shares. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether they are voting for or against such proposed
Amendment, the Redemption Price, but only in the event that the applicable proposed Amendment is approved. The Directors (in their sole
discretion) shall determine the timing of any such Amendment Redemption

49.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the
event of a Business Combination Redemption, an Amendment Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this
Article, or a distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have
any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account.

49.10 Except in connection with the conversion of Class B Shares into Class A Shares pursuant to the Class B
Ordinary Share Conversion Article hereof where the holders of such Shares have waived any right to receive funds from the Trust Account,
after the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares
or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to:

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

49.11 The uninterested Independent Directors shall approve any transaction or transactions between the Company
and any of the following parties:

(a) any Member owning an interest in the voting power of the Company that gives such Member a significant
influence over the Company; and

(b) any Director or Officer and any Affiliate of such Director or Officer.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

36 

49.12 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest
with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

49.13 As long as the securities of the Company are listed on The NASDAQ Global Market, the Company must complete
one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding
taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Companys signing a definitive agreement in connection with
a Business Combination. A Business Combination must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with
nominal operations.

49.14 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor,
a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business Combination with a target that is Affiliated
with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of
target business the Company is seeking to acquire that is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an
independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

50 Certain Tax Filings

Each Tax Filing Authorised Person and
any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised to file or execute and provide
United States Internal Revenue Service tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary
to file with any United States state or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities, or provide to withholding
agents in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time
to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person
or such other person prior to the date of the Articles.

51 Business Opportunities

51.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an Officer (Management)
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces
any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate
opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director
and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, directs such corporate
opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth Code: B60203218849

37 

51.2 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also a member of Management acquires knowledge.

51.3 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that
is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in
the past.

52 Exclusive Jurisdiction and Forum

52.1 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman
Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles
or otherwise related in any way to each Members shareholding in the Company, including but not limited to:

(a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or former Director,
Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Statute, the Memorandum or the Articles;
or

(d) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the Internal Affairs Doctrine
(as such concept is recognised under the laws of the United States of America).

52.2 Each Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over
all such claims or disputes.

52.3 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum
and that accordingly the Company shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

52.4 This Article 52 shall not apply to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created
by the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United
States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 367956

Filed: 07-Jan-2025 10:23 EST

Auth
Code: B60203218849

38
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex10-1_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, ITS DIRECTORS AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

January 6, 2025

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Letter
Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
entered into by and between Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. as representative (the Representative) of the several underwriters (each,
an Underwriter and collectively, the Underwriters), relating to an underwritten
initial public offering (the Public Offering), of up to 20,000,000 of the Companys Class A ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares). The Class A Ordinary Shares will be sold
in the Public Offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed
by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Company has applied
to have the Class A Ordinary Shares listed on The Nasdaq Global Market. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph
10 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC (the Sponsor)
and the undersigned individuals, each of whom is a member of the Companys board of directors (the Board)
and/or management team (each, an Insider and collectively, the Insiders), hereby
agrees with the Company as follows:

1. The
Sponsor and each Insider agrees that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection
with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (a) vote any Ordinary Shares (as defined below) owned by it, him or her in
favor of any proposed Business Combination (except that any public shares that an Insider may purchase in compliance with the requirements
of Rule 14e-5 under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) would not be voted in favor
of approving the business combination transaction) and (b) not redeem any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such
shareholder approval (or sell any Ordinary Shares in a tender offer undertaken in connection with a proposed Business Combination).

2. The
Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Public Offering, or (i) such earlier period approved by the Board or (ii) such later period approved by the Companys
shareholders (the Completion Window), each in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (as it may be amended from time to time, the Articles), the Sponsor and each Insider
shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the
Class A Ordinary Shares sold in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
(net of taxes), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish all Public Shareholders
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (c)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and
the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. The Sponsor and each Insider agrees to not propose any
amendment to the Articles (i) to modify the substance or delay the timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection
with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Completion Window or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business
combination activity, unless the Company provides its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of taxes), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares.

The
Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she has no right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in
the Trust Account as a result of any liquidation of the Company with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined below) or Private Placement
Shares held by it, him or her. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby further waives, with respect to any Ordinary Shares held by it, him
or her, if any, any redemption rights it, he or she may have in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, including,
without limitation, any such rights available in the context of a shareholder vote to approve such Business Combination or a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Articles to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the
Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Articles or in the context
of a tender offer made by the Company to purchase Offering Shares (although the Sponsor, the Insiders and their respective current or
future affiliates shall be entitled to redemption and liquidation rights with respect to any Offering Shares it or they hold if the Company
fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Completion Window).

3. (a)
During the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, other than to permitted
transferees as described in paragraph 6(c) below, the Sponsor and each Insider shall not, without the prior written consent of the Representative,
Transfer any Ordinary Shares. Each of the Insiders and the Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that, following any release or waiver of the
restrictions set forth in this paragraph 3 or paragraph 6 below, the Company shall promptly announce the impending release or waiver by
press release through a major news service at least two business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release
or waiver granted shall only be effective two business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions of this paragraph
will not apply if the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer not for consideration and the transferee has agreed in
writing to be bound by the same terms described in this Letter Agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in
effect at the time of the transfer. If a discretionary waiver, release or termination of any of the Founder Share restrictions (each,
a Lock-Up Waiver) applicable to any party subject to a lock-up agreement is granted, other than to the Company
(each, a Lock-Up Party), then a substantively identical Lock-Up Waiver shall be deemed to apply to each of
the undersigneds Founder Shares on a pro rata basis based on the portion of the Lock-Up Parties Founder Shares that were
granted the Lock-Up Waiver; provided that such pro rata waiver, release or termination shall be in the same manner and on the same terms
(including with respect to any conditions or provisos that apply to such waiver or termination) from such restriction.

(b) During the period commencing
on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the Sponsor shall not sell, transfer, assign,
pledge or hypothecate any of its Private Placement Shares, or subject any of its Private Placement Shares to any hedging, short sale,
derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of such securities, except as provided in
FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2).

4. In
the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account upon the failure of the Company to consummate its initial Business Combination within
the Completion Window, the Sponsor (the Indemnitor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether pending or threatened) to which the Company
may become subject as a result of any claim by (a) any third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company or (b) any prospective
target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business
Combination agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such indemnification of the Company
by the Indemnitor shall (i) apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party or a Target do not reduce the
amount of the funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (x) $10.00 per Offering Share and (y) the actual amount per Offering Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per Offering Share is then held
in the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets less interest released to pay taxes, (ii) shall not apply to any
claims by a third party or a Target which executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or
not such waiver is enforceable) and (iii) shall not apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the Underwriters against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or by the Companys auditor. The Indemnitor
shall have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within 30
days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Indemnitor, the Indemnitor notifies the Company in writing that it shall
undertake such defense.

2

5. The
Sponsor and each Insider hereby severally agrees and acknowledges that: (a) the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured
in the event of a breach by the Sponsor or an Insider of its, his or her obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6(a) and 6(b), as
applicable, of this Letter Agreement, (b) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (c) the non-breaching party
shall be entitled to injunctive relief from the breaching party, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in
equity against the breaching party, in the event of such breach.

6. (a)
The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Founder Shares (or Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon
conversion thereof) until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination and (ii)
subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per
share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Companys initial Business Combination or (y) the date on
which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of
the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property (the
Founder Shares Lock-up Period).

(b) The Sponsor and each
Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Private Placement Shares until 30 days after the completion of the Companys
initial Business Combination (the Private Placement Lock-up Period, together with the Founder Shares Lock-up
Period, the Lock-up Periods).

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions
set forth in paragraphs 6(a) and (b), Transfers of the Founder Shares or Private Placement Shares that are held by the Sponsor, any Insider
or any of their permitted transferees (that have complied with this paragraph 6(c)), are permitted (i) to the Companys officers
or directors, any current or future affiliate or family member of any of the Companys officers or directors or any current or future
affiliate of the Sponsor or to any member(s), officers, directors or employees of the Sponsor or any of its current or future affiliates,
or as a gift to a charitable organization; (ii) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of such individuals immediate
family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such individuals immediate family, any current or future affiliate
of such individual; (iii) to a charitable organization; (iv) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution
upon death of such individual; (v) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (vi) by private sales
or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of an
initial Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased; (vii) in the event of
the Companys liquidation prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination; or (viii) by virtue of the laws of Delaware
or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor; provided, however, that in the
case of clauses (i) through (vi) or (viii), these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement with the Company agreeing
to be bound by the transfer restrictions herein.

7. The
Sponsor and each Insider represents and warrants that it, he or she has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities
or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration denied, suspended or revoked. Each Insiders
biographical information furnished to the Company (including any such information included in the Prospectus) is true and accurate in
all material respects and does not omit any material information with respect to the Insiders background. Each Insiders
questionnaire furnished to the Company is true and accurate in all material respects. Each Insider represents and warrants that: it, he
or she is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist
or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction; it, he or she has never been convicted
of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (a) involving fraud, (b) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person,
or (c) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and it, he or she is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding.

8. Except
as disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the Sponsor nor any officer, nor any current or future affiliate of the Sponsor or any officer,
nor any director of the Company, shall receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect
of any repayment of a loan or other compensation prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation
of the Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).

3

9. The
Sponsor and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it is bound (including, without limitation,
any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable,
to serve as a director on the board of directors of the Company and hereby consents to being named in the Prospectus as a director of
the Company.

10. As
used herein, (a) Business Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses; (b) Class B Ordinary Shares
shall mean the Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share; (c) Founder Shares shall
mean the 5,000,000 Class B Ordinary Shares initially issued to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately
$0.005 per share, prior to the consummation of the Public Offering; (d) Initial Shareholders shall mean the
Sponsor and any Insider that holds Founder Shares; (e) Ordinary Shares shall mean, collectively, the Class
A Ordinary Shares and the Class B Ordinary Shares; (f) Private Placement Shares shall mean the 500,000 Class
A Ordinary Shares that the Sponsor has agreed to purchase for a purchase price of $5,000,000, or $10.00 per share, in a private placement
that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering; (g) Public Shareholders shall
mean the holders of Class A Ordinary Shares issued in the Public Offering; (h) Trust Account shall mean the
trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares shall be deposited;
and (i) Transfer shall mean the (i) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge,
grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase
of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to, any security, (ii) entry
into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any
security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) public announcement
of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii).

11. The
Company will maintain an insurance policy or policies providing directors and officers liability insurance in an amount
and type that is appropriate for a blank check company such as the Company, and each Insider shall be covered by such policy or policies,
in accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any of the Companys directors or officers.

12. This
Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they
relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended,
modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed
by the parties hereto affected by such change, amendment or modification except any waiver need only be executed by the party waiving
its rights hereunder.

13. No
party hereto may assign, in whole or in part, either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual
and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on
the Sponsor and each Insider and their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

14. Nothing
in this Letter Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person or entity other than the parties hereto, any right,
remedy or claim under or by reason of this Letter Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise or agreement hereof. All
covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises and agreements contained in this Letter Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit
of the parties hereto and their successors, heirs, personal representatives and assigns and permitted transferees.

4

15. This
Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile or other electronic counterparts and each of such counterparts
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

16. This
Letter Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid
or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Letter Agreement a provision
as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

17. This
Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties
hereto (a) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall
be brought and enforced in the federal or state courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction
and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (b) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that
such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

18. Any
notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or
facsimile transmission.

19. This
Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the Lock-up Periods or (b) the liquidation of the Company; provided,
however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed by December
31, 2024.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

Sincerely,

CANTOR EP HOLDINGS I, LLC

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

By: /s/ Jane Novak

Name: Jane Novak

By: /s/ Danny Salinas

Name: Danny Salinas

By: /s/ Douglas Barnard

Name: Douglas Barnard

By: /s/ Robert Sharp

Name: Robert Sharp

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. 

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick 

Name: Brandon Lutnick 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement - Cantor
Equity Partners I, Inc. (Insider Letter)]

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex10-2_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, AS TRUSTEE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management
Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of January 6, 2025, by and between Cantor Equity Partners
I, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys
registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-282947 (the Registration Statement) and prospectus (the Prospectus)
for the initial public offering of the Companys Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary
Shares and such initial public offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering), has been
declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; and

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. as representative
(the Representative) of the several underwriters (the Underwriters) named therein;
and

WHEREAS, as described in the
Prospectus, $200,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Shares (as defined in the Underwriting
Agreement) will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United
States (the Trust Account) for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares issued in
the Offering as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred
to herein as the Property, the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be
referred to as the Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together
as the Beneficiaries); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants
of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in
trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee in the United
States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or at another U.S chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more)
and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and
administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) Promptly upon receipt
of written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, solely in United States government securities within the
meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market
funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, (ii) hold the Property
as uninvested cash or (iii) hold the Property in a non-interest or interest bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial
bank. The Trustee may not invest the Property in any other securities or assets, it being understood that the Trust Account will earn
no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder, and while invested or uninvested,
the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods.

(d) Collect and receive,
when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property,
as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the Company
and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary
information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation
of the tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account;

(g) Participate in any plan
or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to
do so;

(h) Render to the Company
monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust
Account;

(i) Commence liquidation
of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from the Company
(Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or
Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Executive
Vice President, Vice President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board)
or other authorized officer of the Company (and, in the case of Exhibit A, jointly signed by the Representative), and complete
the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes owed), only as
directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein, or (y) upon the date which is, the later of (1) 24 months
after the closing of the Offering and (2) such earlier date as may be approved by the Board or such later date as may be approved by the
Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association if a Termination
Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with
the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest
(net of taxes owed) shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

(j) Upon written request
from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C, withdraw
from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any
tax obligation owed by the Company, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method
of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing authority; provided, however, that
to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held
in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution, so long as there is no reduction in the
aggregate of the principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account or the principal amount(s) per share deposited pursuant
to any extension payment(s) that the Company may be required to make. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute
presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon written request
from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a Shareholder
Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company to the Public Shareholders
of record as of such date the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial Business Combination
(as defined below) or to redeem 100% of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within such time as is described in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The written request
of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee
shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request; and

(l) Not make any withdrawals or distributions
from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) above.

2

2. Agreements and Covenants of the Company.
The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions
to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Executive Vice President, Vice President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other authorized officer of the Company. In addition,
except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely
on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care,
believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly
confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section
4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable
outside counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it as permitted hereunder
and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any
claim or demand, which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or
any interest earned on the Property, except for any expenses and losses arising out of, in connection with or resulting from the Trustees
gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall
notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee
shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the
consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Trustee
may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees
set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee, and transaction processing fee
which fees shall be subject to modification as agreed by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall
not be used to pay such fees unless and until a Business Combination is consummated. The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance
fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering. The Trustee shall refund to the Company the annual administration
fee (on a pro rata basis) with respect to any period after the liquidation of the Trust Account or after the removal or withdrawal of
the Trustee in accordance with this Agreement. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except
as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In connection with any
vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (the Business Combination),
provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the shareholder meeting verifying the vote of such
shareholders regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide the Representative
with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal
from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same; and

(f) Instruct the Trustee
to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions
that are not permitted under this Agreement.

3. Limitations of Liability.
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply obligations, perform
duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly
set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with
respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party
except for liability arising out of, in connection with or resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud, or willful misconduct;

3

(c) Institute any proceeding
for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect
to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the
Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation
in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority
of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation,
or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The Company or to anyone
else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustees
best judgment in accordance with this Agreement, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The Trustee
may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including
counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document
(not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of
any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed
or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination
or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed
by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent
thereto;

(g) Verify the accuracy of
the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide any assurance
that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration
Statement;

(i) File information returns
with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company
documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j) Prepare, execute and
file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the
Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, franchise
and income tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify calculations,
qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k)
hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver.
The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any
monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now
or in the future for any reason whatsoever. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including,
without limitation, under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company
and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account and the Trustee hereby agrees
not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account.

4

5. Termination. This
Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives
written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a
successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies
the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall
transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports
and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that in the event
that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the
Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan
or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from
any liability whatsoever with respect to any liability arising after such time;

(b) At such time that the
Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i)
hereof (which section may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote of holders of fifty percent (50%) of the votes
cast of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, voting together
as a single class) and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate
except with respect to Section 2(b); or

(c) If the Offering is not
consummated within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, in which case any funds received by the Trustee from the Company
or Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC, the Companys sponsor, as applicable, shall be returned promptly following the receipt by the Trustee
of written instructions from the Company.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee
each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust
Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized
persons. Each party must notify the other party as promptly as practicable if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained
access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall
rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information
relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of, in connection with
or resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability
or expense resulting from any error in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of
law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto consent to the
jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving any
disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY JURY.

(c) This Agreement contains
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement or any provision
hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties
hereto, notwithstanding Section 1(i), 1(j), 1(k) and 1(l) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted
without the affirmative vote of holders of fifty percent (50%) of the votes cast of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, voting together as a single class; provided that no such amendment will affect
any Public Shareholder who has properly elected to redeem his, her or its public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
this Agreement (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial
Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the
time frame specified in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (B) with respect to any other
material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity.)

5

(d) No failure or delay by
a party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy under this Agreement, and no course of dealing between the parties hereto, shall
operate as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy of such party. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy under
this Agreement by a party hereto, nor any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce any such right, power or remedy, shall preclude
such party from any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy hereunder. The election of any
remedy by a party hereto shall not constitute a waiver of the right of such party to pursue other available remedies. No notice to or
demand on a party not expressly required under this Agreement shall entitle the party receiving such notice or demand to any other or
further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the party giving such notice or demand
to any other or further action in any circumstances without such notice or demand.

(e) Any notice, consent or
request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express
mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery, by facsimile or by electronic
mail:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

Email: cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Howard W. Lutnick

E-mail: CantorEquityPartners@cantor.com

in each case, with copies to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com

and

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn: General Counsel

Fax No.: (212) 829-4708

and

Graubard Miller

The Chrysler Building

405 Lexington Avenue

New York, New York 10174

Attn: Jeffrey Gallant, Esq.

Email: JGallant@graubard.com

6

(f) Each of the Company and
the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform
its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed
against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

(g) This Agreement is the
joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement
of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h) This Agreement may be
executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute
one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission shall constitute
valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

(i) Each of the Company and
the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. on behalf of the Underwriters is a third-party beneficiary
of this Agreement.

(j) Except as specified herein,
no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity without the prior
written consent of the other party.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee

By: /s/ Francis Wolf

Name: Francis Wolf

Title: Vice President

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

By: /s/ Brandon
Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Investment Management Trust
Agreement - Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.]

8

SCHEDULE A 

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount 

Initial set-up fee. Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. $ 3,500 

Trustee administration fee Payable annually. First year fee payable, at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer, thereafter by wire transfer or check. $ 10,000 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Sections 1(i) and (j) Billed to the Company following disbursement made to Company under Section 1 $ 250 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Section 1(i) or (k) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Section 1(i) or (k) Prevailing rates 

9

EXHIBIT A

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 6, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with (the Target Business) to consummate
a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about [insert date]. The Company
shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date (or such shorter time as you may agree) of the consummation
of the Business Combination (the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have
the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account and to transfer the proceeds
to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held
in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on the Consummation
Date. It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.
awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date (i)
counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated
immediately prior to your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification)
and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, which verifies
that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) a joint written
instruction signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
payment of amounts owed to public shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights (the Instruction Letter).
You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification
and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust
Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company
shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company.
Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the
Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately
following the Consummation Date as set forth in such notice as soon thereafter as possible.

[signature page follows]

10

Very truly yours,

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed to and acknowledged by:

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

11

EXHIBIT B

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 6, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business (the Business
Combination) within the time frame specified in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds
into a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to await distribution to the Public Shareholders, less taxes payable.
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such $_____
promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

The Company has selected(1)
[_] as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation
proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly
to the Companys Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Companys amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. Upon the distribution of all the funds, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated,
except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement.

(1) 24 months from the closing of the Offering, or such earlier date as may be approved by the Companys Board or such later date as may be approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

Very truly yours,

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

12

EXHIBIT C

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account -Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(j)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 6, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $ of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours,

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co.

13

EXHIBIT D

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(k)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer& Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 6, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $ of the principal and interest income
earned on the Property as of the date hereof to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries. Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial business combination or
to redeem 100% of public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described
in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to
transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the
Beneficiaries.

Very truly yours,

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Cc: Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co.

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex10-3_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of January 6, 2025, is made and entered into by and among Cantor Equity Partners
I, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Sponsor) and each of the undersigned individuals (together with the Sponsor and any person or
entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a Holder
and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Sponsor
owns an aggregate of 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class B Ordinary
Shares and such Class B Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor, the Founder Shares);

WHEREAS, the Founder
Shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares),
on the terms and conditions provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;

WHEREAS, on January
6, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into that certain Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor
agreed to purchase 500,000 Class A Ordinary Shares (the Private Placement Shares); and

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights
with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The
terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive
Officer or principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (a) would be required to be made
in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus
and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (b) would not be required
to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (c) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not
making such information public.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination
shall mean any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one
or more businesses, involving the Company.

Class A Ordinary Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Class B Ordinary Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Commission shall mean
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company shall have
the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder shall
have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act shall
mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

Form S-1 shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3 shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

Founder Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and shall be deemed to include the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion
thereof.

Founder Shares
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares, the period ending on the earlier of (A) one year after the
completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the last reported
sale price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Companys
initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share capital exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares
for cash, securities or other property.

Holders shall have
the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter
shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys
officers, directors and director nominees.

Maximum Number
of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary
prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, under the Insider Letter,
the Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, this Agreement and any other applicable agreement between such Holder and the Company,
and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Private Placement Shares, the period ending 30 days after the completion
of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Private Placement
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

2

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the Founder Shares, (b) the Private Placement Shares, (c) any outstanding Class A Ordinary Share or any other equity security
(including Class A Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security) of the Company held by a Holder
as of the date of this Agreement or held as of the date of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination including
any securities issued in connection therewith (including as a result of the conversion of any outstanding loans made by a Holder to the
Company that are converted into Class A Ordinary Shares at the time of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination),
(d) any equity security issued of a new public company in exchange for the Class A Ordinary Shares and/or Class B Ordinary Shares in connection
with the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, and (e) any other equity security of the Company issued or
issuable with respect to any such Class A Ordinary Shares by way of a share dividend or share split or in connection with a combination
of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, re-domestication, reorganization, or other similar transaction; provided, however,
that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (i) a Registration Statement
with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold,
transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (ii) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred,
new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent
public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (iii) such securities shall have ceased
to be outstanding; (iv) such securities have been sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act
(or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission); or (v) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer
or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration
Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(i) all registration and filing
fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and any securities
exchange on which the Class A Ordinary Shares are then listed;

(ii) fees and expenses of
compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection
with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(iii) printing, messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses;

(iv) reasonable fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company;

(v) reasonable fees and disbursements
of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

(vi) reasonable fees and expenses
of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration to be registered
for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration
Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this
Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements
to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Requesting Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten
Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the
Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

3

ARTICLE II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration.
Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time on or after the
date the Company consummates the Business Combination, the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the then-outstanding number of
Registrable Securities (the Demanding Holders) may make a written demand for Registration of all or part of
their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration
and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration). The Company
shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders of Registrable
Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders
Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such Holders
Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing,
within five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of any such written notification
from a Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included
in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon thereafter as practicable, the Registration
of all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding Holder(s) and Requesting Holder(s) pursuant to such Demand Registration, including
by filing a Registration Statement relating thereto as soon as practicable, but not more than forty five (45) days immediately after the
Companys receipt of the Demand Registration. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an aggregate
of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all Registrable
Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar
long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1) has become effective and all
of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting Holders in such Form S-1
Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

2.1.2 Effective Registration.
Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to a Demand
Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect
to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has complied with
all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement
has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently
interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration
Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (a) such stop order
or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (b) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such Demand
Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing, but in no
event later than five (5) days, of such election; and provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required
to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering.
Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders
so advise the Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration
shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to include its
Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten Offering
and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein. All such
Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall
enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest
of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

4

2.1.4 Reduction of Underwritten
Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith,
advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable
Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Class A Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and Class A Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which a Registration has
been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders who desire to sell,
exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely
affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum
dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then
the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and
the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting
Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the
Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to
herein as Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to
the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders
(Pro Rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their rights to register
their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (iii) third,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), Class A Ordinary Shares
or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and
(iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii),
Class A Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a Registration
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Securities.

2.1.5 Demand Registration
Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting
Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant
to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters
(if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the
Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5; provided that if the Company pays such expenses
related to a Demand Registration initiated by the Sponsor, such registration shall count as a Demand Registration for purposes of Section
3.6.

2.2 Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback Rights.
If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement
under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable
for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and
by the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration Statement
(a) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (b) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely
to the Companys existing shareholders, (c) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or
(d) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable
Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which
notice shall (i) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and
the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (ii) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable
Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within
five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration). The Company
shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to
cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the
Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar
securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in
accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities
through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with
the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.

5

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback
Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration,
in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that
the dollar amount or number of Class A Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the Class A Ordinary
Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities
other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested
pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Class A Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant
to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities,
then:

(a) If the Registration is undertaken
for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (i) first, the Class A Ordinary Shares or other equity
securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the
extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders
exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, pro rata based on the respective
number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the
Class A Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights
of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

(b) If the Registration is pursuant
to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration
(i) first, the Class A Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders
of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights
to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities
that each Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the
Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
(iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Class
A Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Securities; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii), the Class A Ordinary Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is
obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration
Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason
whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw
from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such
Piggyback Registration. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons
pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with
a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration
prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

6

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback
Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted
as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Registrations on Form
S-3. Any Holder of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to
Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all
of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form
S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request through an Underwritten
Offering. Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities
for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration on Form S-3 to all other Holders
of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders
Registrable Securities in such Registration on Form S-3 shall so notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt
by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than fifteen (15) days after the Companys
initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall register all or such portion of such Holders
Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other
Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof if (a) a
Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (b) the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity
securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity
securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $10,000,000.

2.4 Restrictions on Registration
Rights. If during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the date of
the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated Registration and
provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant to subsection
2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement to
become effective, the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and (a) the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the
commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer or (b) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would be seriously
detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement
at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board stating that
in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in
the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall
have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company
shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any 12-month period.

ARTICLE III

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures.
If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company is required to effect the Registration
of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with
the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement have been sold;

7

3.1.2 prepare and file with
the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as
may be requested by any Holder or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions
applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration
Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan
of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration
Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and each Holder of
Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and each such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement
as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and
documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus),
and such other documents as the Underwriters and each Holder of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel
for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public
offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (a) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as any Holder of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (b) take such action
necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental
authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that
may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the
disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required
to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which
it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable
Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are
then listed;

3.1.6 provide a transfer
agent and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller
of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order
by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such
purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop
order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days
prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus,
furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel, including, without limitation, providing copies
promptly upon receipt of any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus;

3.1.9 notify the Holders
at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening
of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement,
and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit a representative
of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney
or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the
Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested
by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however,
that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; and provided further, the Company may not include the name
of any Holder or Underwriter or any information regarding any Holder or Underwriter in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, any amendment
or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration
Statement or Prospectus, or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder or Underwriter and providing
each such Holder or Underwriter a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document, which comments the Company
shall include unless contrary to applicable law;

8

3.1.11 obtain a cold
comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration
which the participating Holders may rely on, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold
comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the
participating Holders;

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable
Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company
for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if
any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement
agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters,
and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in the event of any
Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing
Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 make available to
its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning
with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies
the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 if the Registration
involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $50,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make
available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested
by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16 otherwise, in good
faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such
Registration.

3.2 Registration Expenses.
The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall
bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts,
brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all
reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements for Participation
in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to
a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (a) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided
in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (b) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney,
indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of
such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension of Sales;
Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement,
each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until it has received copies of a supplemented or
amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement
or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the
Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration
at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial
statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, the Company may, upon giving prompt written
notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for
the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such
purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their
receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer
to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised
its rights under this Section 3.4.

9

3.5 Reporting Obligations.
As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange
Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required
to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders
with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder
may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell the Class A Ordinary Shares held by
such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the
request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it
has complied with such requirements.

3.6 Limitations on Registration
Rights. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the Sponsor may not exercise its rights solely in respect of the Private
Placement Shares under Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereunder after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, after the effective
date of the registration statement relating to the Companys initial public offering and (b) the Sponsor may not exercise its rights
solely in respect of the Private Placement Shares under Section 2.1 more than one time.

ARTICLE IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees
to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its affiliates, officers and directors and each person
who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including
attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus
or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained
in any information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters,
their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent
as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with
any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing
such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus
and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each person who controls the
Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation
reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus
or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained
in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that
the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of
each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the
sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters,
their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent
as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

10

4.1.3 Any person entitled
to indemnification herein shall (a) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification
(provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent
such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (b) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such
claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party if the indemnifying party provides notice of such to the indemnified
party within 30 days of the indemnifying partys receipt of notice of such claim. After notice from the indemnifying party to the
indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other
legal expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified
party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the
fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (i) the employment of counsel
by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (ii) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded
(based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or
in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (iii) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to
the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the
right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (iv) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed
counsel to assume the defense of such action or counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable
time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action; in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges
of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall
not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements
and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all
such indemnified party or parties. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement
made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). No indemnifying party shall,
without the consent of the indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened
claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 4 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto),
unless such settlement, compromise or consent (1) includes an express and unconditional release of each indemnified party, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding
or claim and (2) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified
party.

4.1.4 The indemnification
provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified
party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company
and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested
by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable
for any reason.

4.1.5 If the indemnification
provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party
in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying
the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified
party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying
party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection
4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The
amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject
to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses
reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just
and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of
allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant
to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

11

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice
or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (a) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to
be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (b) delivery in person or by courier service providing
evidence of delivery, or (c) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed,
delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of
mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service,
hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit
of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement
must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 110 East 59th Street, New York, NY 10022, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders
address or contact information as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any
time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30)
days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third
Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and
the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration
of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign or delegate such
Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable
Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions
set forth in this Agreement.

5.2.3 This Agreement and
the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted
assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall
not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement, including
Section 4.1 and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any
party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until
the Company shall have received (a) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (b) the written agreement
of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may
be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in
this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile, PDF or other electronic counterparts), each of which shall be
deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

12

5.4 Governing Law; Venue.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT (A) THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS
ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION AND (B)
THE VENUE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN NEW YORK COUNTY IN THE STATE OF NEW
YORK.

5.5 Amendments and Modifications.
Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in
question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions,
covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment
hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of shares of the share capital of the Company,
in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected.
No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the
Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or
the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude
the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.6 Other Registration
Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require
the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed
by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents
and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and
in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term. This Agreement
shall terminate upon the earlier of (a) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (b) the date as of which (i) all of the
Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period referred to
in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission)) or
(ii) with respect to any Holder, such Holder ceasing to hold Registrable Securities.

[Signature Page Follows]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.,

a Cayman Islands exempted company

By: /s/
Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDERS:

CANTOR EP HOLDINGS I, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement
- Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex10-4_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXPENSE ADVANCE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

THIS EXPENSE ADVANCE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of January 6, 2025, is made and entered into by and between Cantor Equity Partners
I, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the Sponsor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company
is engaged in an initial public offering (the Offering) pursuant to which the Company will issue and deliver
up to 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares);

WHEREAS, the Company
has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1, No. 333-282947 the Registration
Statement) for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
of the Ordinary Shares, including a prospectus (the Prospectus);

WHEREAS, the proceeds
of the Offering, together with certain additional amounts from a concurrent private placement, will be deposited in a trust account (the
Trust Account) at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. and managed by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
as trustee, as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; and

WHEREAS, the Sponsor
desires to enter into this Agreement in order to facilitate the Offering and the other transactions contemplated in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus, including any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business
combination by the Company with one or more businesses (a Business Combination).

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. Expense
Advance.

(a) From
time to time, as may be requested by the Company, the Sponsor agrees to advance to the Company up to $1,750,000.00 in the aggregate, in
each instance pursuant to the terms of the form of promissory note attached as Exhibit A hereto (the Note),
as may be necessary to fund the Companys expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital
requirements following the Offering and prior to any potential Business Combination.

(b) The
Sponsor represents to the Company that the Sponsor is capable of making such advances to satisfy its obligations under Section 1(a).

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in the Note, the Sponsor hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
in or to any distribution of the Trust Account in which the proceeds of the Offering, together with certain additional amounts, as described
in greater detail in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will be deposited, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement,
payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that if the
Company completes its Business Combination, the Company may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds released to the Company from
the Trust Account.

2. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Note, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect
of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written
or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement may
not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a
written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

3. Assignment.
No party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the other party; provided, however, that, subject to all applicable securities laws, the Note shall be freely assignable
by the Sponsor to any assignee; provided further, that Sponsors obligations hereunder shall remain in full force and effect
in the event that an assignee fails to timely perform any of Sponsors obligations hereunder. Any purported assignment in violation
of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.
This Agreement shall be binding on the undersigned and each of its successors and assigns.

4. Notices.
Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement shall be sufficiently given (a) when so delivered if by hand or overnight
delivery, (b) the date and time shown on a facsimile transmission confirmation, or (c) if sent by certified mail or private courier service
within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid. Such notice, statement or demand shall be addressed as follows:

If to the Company or the Sponsor:

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Facsimile: (212) 829-4708

with a copy in each case (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole
LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

Facsimile: (212) 370-7889

5. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile or other electronic counterparts and each of such counterparts shall
for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

6. Severability.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

7. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The
parties hereto (a) agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Agreement shall
be brought and enforced in the state or federal courts located in the Borough of Manhattan in the State of New York, and irrevocably submits
to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (b) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

[Signature Page Follows]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have caused this Expense Advance Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CANTOR EP HOLDINGS I, LLC

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to the Expense Advance Agreement
between Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. and Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC for up to $1,750,000]

3

Exhibit A

PROMISSORY NOTE

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE (NOTE) AND
THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THE NOTE MAY BE CONVERTED HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT) OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

Dated as of January 6, 2025

New York, New York

Principal Amount: Up to $1,750,000.00 

Pursuant to that certain Expense
Advance Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of January 6, 2025, 2024, by and between Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc., a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Maker), and Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Payee),
Maker hereby promises to pay to the order of Payee or its registered assigns or successors in interest, the principal sum of up to One
Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,750,000.00) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions
described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined
by Maker to such account as Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Certain
terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Agreement.

1. Principal.
The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by Maker on the date on which Maker consummates its Business Combination in cash
or Conversion Shares as set forth in this Note. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual,
including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities
of Maker hereunder.

2. Interest.
No interest shall accrue or be charged by Payee on the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

3. Drawdown
Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to One Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,750,000.00)
for costs reasonably related to Makers working capital needs prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. The principal
of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the date on which Maker consummates a Business Combination, upon request from
Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request) in such amounts as Maker may determine in its discretion. Payee shall fund
each Drawdown Request no later than five (5) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that
the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under this Note is One Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,750,000.00).
Once an amount is drawn down under this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid. No fees, payments
or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker.

4. Application
and Form of Payments.

(a) All
payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without
limitation) reasonable attorneys fees and then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid
principal balance of this Note.

(b) The
Note may be repaid, at Payees discretion, (i) in cash or (ii) in Conversion Shares (as defined below) pursuant to Section 15.

4

5. Events
of Default. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of default (Event of Default):

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of
the date specified above.

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for
the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action
by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an
involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation
of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days.

6. Remedies.

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a), Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be
due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(b) or Section 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note,
and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without
any action on the part of Payee.

7. Waivers.
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest,
and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or
personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing
for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that
may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such
writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the
payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall
not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee,
and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment
or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without
notice to Maker or affecting Makers liability hereunder.

5

9. Notices.
All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made: (a) in writing and delivered
personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the
address designated in writing, (b) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number
as may be designated in writing by such party or (c) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such
party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation,
if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days
after mailing if sent by mail.

10. Construction.
THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW
PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

11. Severability.
Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

12. Trust
Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Payee hereby waives any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
in or to any distribution of or from the Trust Account, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction
for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that if Maker completes a Business Combination,
Maker shall repay the principal balance of this Note, which may be out of the proceeds released to Maker from the Trust Account.

13. Amendment;
Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of Maker and Payee.

14. Assignment.
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void; provided, however, that this Note shall be freely assignable by Payee to any assignee.

15. Conversion.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Note to the contrary, beginning any time after 60 days from date hereof, Payee may elect to convert all or
any portion of the unpaid principal balance under this Note into that number of Class A ordinary shares of Maker (the Conversion
Shares), equal to: (i) the portion of the principal amount of this Note being converted pursuant to this Section 15, divided
by (i) $10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares and any other equity security of Maker issued
or issuable with respect to the foregoing by way of a share dividend or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization,
amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, shall be entitled to the registration rights set forth in Section 16.

(b) Upon
any complete or partial conversion of the principal amount under this Note, (i) such principal amount shall be so converted and such converted
portion of this Note shall become fully paid and satisfied, (ii) Payee shall surrender and deliver this Note, duly endorsed, to Maker
or such other address which Maker shall designate against delivery of the Conversion Shares, (iii) Maker shall promptly deliver a new
duly executed Note to Payee in the principal amount that remains outstanding, if any, after any such conversion and (iv) in exchange for
all or any portion of the surrendered Note, and simultaneous with the surrender of the Note, Maker shall, at the direction of Payee, deliver
to Payee the Conversion Shares, which shall bear such legends as are required, in the opinion of counsel to Maker or by any other agreement
between Maker and Payee and applicable state and federal securities laws.

(c) Payee
shall pay any and all taxes that may be payable with respect to any issuance or delivery of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this
Note pursuant hereto.

16. Registration
Rights. Reference is made to that certain Registration Rights Agreement between Maker and Payee, dated as of the date hereof (the
Registration Rights Agreement). All Conversion Shares shall be considered Registrable Securities (as defined in the
Registration Rights Agreement) for all purposes thereunder and entitle Payee to the same rights, duties and obligations as the Holders
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement).

[Signature Page Follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Promissory Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and
year first above written.

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: 

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Promissory Note by Cantor
Equity Partners I, Inc. in favor of Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC for up to $1,750,000 for Working Capital]

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex10-5_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRIVATE PLACEMENT SHARES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

PRIVATE PLACEMENT SHARES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This PRIVATE PLACEMENT SHARES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of the 6th day of January 2025, by and between Cantor Equity Partners
I, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Subscriber), with a principal place of business at 110 East 59th Street, New York, NY 10022.

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell to Subscriber on a private placement basis (the Offering) 500,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company,
par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Ordinary Shares), for a purchase price of $5,000,000, or $10.00 per Class A
Ordinary Share; and

WHEREAS, Subscriber wishes
to purchase 500,000 Class A Ordinary Shares for a purchase price of $5,000,000 and the Company wishes to accept such subscription from
Subscriber.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Subscriber hereby agree as follows:

1. Agreement to Subscribe

1.1. Purchase and Issuance
of the Shares. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Subscriber hereby agrees to purchase from the Company,
and the Company hereby agrees to sell to Subscriber, on the Closing Date (as defined below) 500,000 Class A Ordinary Shares (the Shares)
in consideration of the payment of the Purchase Price (as defined below). On the Closing Date, the Company shall issue (via book entry)
to Subscriber the Shares purchased.

1.2. Purchase Price.
As payment in full for the Shares, Subscriber shall pay $5,000,000 (the Purchase Price) by wire transfer of immediately
available funds or by such other method as may be reasonably acceptable to the Company, to the trust account (the Trust Account)
at a financial institution to be chosen by the Company, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee
(Continental), no later than the Closing Date (as defined below).

1.3. Closing. The closing
of the purchase and sale of the Shares (the Closing) shall take place simultaneously with the closing of the initial
public offering of the Company of 20,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares (the IPO and such date, the Closing
Date) by electronic exchange of documents (or, if the Subscriber and the Company agree to a physical closing, then the Closing
shall take place at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, New
York, 10105, or such other place as may be agreed upon by the parties hereto).

1.4 Termination. This
Agreement and each of the obligations of the undersigned shall be null and void and without effect if the IPO does not close prior to
December 31, 2024.

2. Representations and Warranties of Subscriber

Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company
that:

2.1. No Government Recommendation
or Approval. Subscriber understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the
Company or the Offering of the Shares.

2.2. Accredited Investor.
Subscriber represents that it is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is being
made in reliance, among other things, on a private placement exemption to accredited investors under the Securities Act
and similar exemptions under state law.

2.3. Intent. Subscriber
is purchasing the Shares solely for investment purposes, for Subscribers own account (and/or for the account or benefit of its
members or affiliates, as permitted, pursuant to the terms of an agreement (the Insider Letter) to be entered into
with respect to the Shares between, among others, Subscriber and the Company, as described in the Registration Statement), and not with
a view to the distribution thereof and Subscriber has no present arrangement to sell the Shares to or through any person or entity except
as may be permitted under the Insider Letter. Subscriber shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Shares unless in
compliance with the Securities Act.

2.4. Restrictions on Transfer.
Subscriber acknowledges and understands the Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States
within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and, if in the future Subscriber
decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Shares, such Shares may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred
only (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (ii) pursuant to an exemption from registration
under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or (iii) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Subscriber acknowledges and understands the Shares are subject to transfer restrictions as described in
Section 8. Subscriber agrees that if any transfer of the Shares or any interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition
precedent to any such transfer, Subscriber may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company
with respect to such transfer. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, Subscriber agrees it will not resell
the Shares unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the Insider Letter, as described in the Registration Statement. Subscriber further acknowledges
that because the Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to Subscriber for the resale of the Shares until the one-year
anniversary following consummation of the Business Combination of the Company, despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule
144 and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

2.5. Sophisticated Investor.

(i) Subscriber is sophisticated
in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Shares.

(ii) Subscriber is aware
that an investment in the Shares is highly speculative and subject to substantial risks because, among other things, the Shares are subject
to transfer restrictions and have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently registered
under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. Subscriber is able to bear the economic risk of its investment
in the Shares for an indefinite period of time.

2.6. Independent Investigation.
Subscriber, in making the decision to purchase the Shares, has relied upon an independent investigation of the Company and has not relied
upon any information or representations made by any third parties or upon any oral or written representations or assurances from the Company,
its officers, directors or employees or any other representatives or agents of the Company, other than as set forth in this Agreement.
Subscriber is familiar with the business, operations and financial condition of the Company and has had an opportunity to ask questions
of, and receive answers from, the Companys officers and directors concerning the Company and the terms and conditions of the Offering
and has had full access to such other information concerning the Company as Subscriber has requested. Subscriber confirms that all documents
that it has requested have been made available and that Subscriber has been supplied with all of the additional information concerning
this investment which Subscriber has requested.

2.7 Organization and Authority.
Subscriber is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and it possesses all requisite
power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.8. Authority. This
Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by Subscriber and is a valid and binding agreement enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium,
reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable
principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state
securities laws or principles of public policy (the Enforceability Exceptions).

2

2.9. No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by Subscriber of the transactions contemplated hereby do
not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) Subscribers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement or instrument
to which Subscriber is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which Subscriber is subject, or any agreement, order,
judgment or decree to which Subscriber is subject.

2.10. No Legal Advice from
Company. Subscriber acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto with Subscribers own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors.
Except for any statements or representations of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties
hereto, Subscriber is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of
its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.

2.11. Reliance on Representations
and Warranties. Subscriber understands the Shares are being offered and sold to Subscriber in reliance on exemptions from the registration
requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and that the Company is
relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of Subscriber set
forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.12. No General Solicitation.
Subscriber is not subscribing for the Shares as a result of or subsequent to any general solicitation or general advertising, including
but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or
broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting or in a registration statement with respect to the IPO filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

2.13. Legend. Subscriber
acknowledges and agrees the certificates evidencing each of the Shares shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend),
in form and substance substantially as set forth in Section 4.

3. Representations, Warranties and Covenants
of the Company

The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees
with, Subscriber that:

3.1. Valid Issuance of
Shares. The total number of shares of all classes of capital which the Company has authority to issue is 555,000,000 shares, including
500,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share (Class B Ordinary Shares),
and 5,000,000 preference shares, $0.0001 par value per share (Preference Shares). As of the date hereof, the Company
has issued and outstanding 5,000,000 Class B Ordinary Shares, no Class A Ordinary Shares and no Preference Shares. All of the issued shares
of the Company have been duly authorized, validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3.2 Title to Shares.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Companys amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, and upon registration in the Company's register of members:

(a) each
of the Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; and

(b) Subscriber
will have or receive good title to the Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer
restrictions hereunder and pursuant to the Insider Letter and (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws.

3.3. Organization and Qualification.
The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and has the
requisite corporate power to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3

3.4. Authorization; Enforcement.
(i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to
issue the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no further
consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is required, and (iii) this Agreement constitutes valid
and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

3.5. No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not (i) result in a violation of the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as in effect on the
date hereof, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default under any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party, (iii) violate
any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject or (iv) violate any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which
the Company is subject. Other than any SEC, state securities or Cayman Islands filings which may be required to be made by the Company
subsequent to the closing of the IPO, and any registration statement which may be filed pursuant thereto, the Company is not required
under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration
with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
or issue the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.

4. Legends

4.1. Legend. The Company
will issue the Shares purchased by Subscriber in the name of Subscriber. The Shares will bear the following Legend and appropriate stop
transfer instructions:

THE CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES
REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY
U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THE CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THIS CORPORATION, IS AVAILABLE.

THE CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO AN INSIDER LETTER BETWEEN, AMONG OTHERS, CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. (THE COMPANY)
AND CANTOR EP HOLDINGS I, LLC WHEREBY THE REGISTERED HOLDER HAS AGREED NOT TO TRANSFER SUCH CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES WITHOUT THE CONSENT
OF THE ISSUER (EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE LETTER AGREEMENT) UNTIL THE DATE THAT IS 30 DAYS FROM
THE CONSUMMATION OF THE COMPANYS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION.

4.2. Subscribers
Compliance. Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any way Subscribers obligations and agreements to comply with
all applicable securities laws upon resale of the Shares.

4.3. Companys Refusal
to Register Transfer of the Shares. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Shares, if in the sole judgment of the
Company such purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act,
or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) in compliance herewith and with
the Insider Letter.

4.4 Registration Rights.
Subscriber will be entitled to certain registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights agreement (Registration
Rights Agreement) to be entered into between, among others, Subscriber and the Company, on or prior to the effective date of
the Registration Statement. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, Subscriber may not exercise its demand and piggyback
registration rights with respect to the Shares after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, after the effective date of
the Registration Statement and may not exercise its demand rights with respect to the Shares on more than one occasion.

4

5. Waiver of Liquidation Distributions.

Subscriber hereby waives any
and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any distributions of the amounts in the Trust Account with respect to the
Shares, whether (i) in connection with the exercise of redemption rights if the Company consummates the Business Combination, (ii) in
connection with any tender offer conducted by the Company prior to a Business Combination, (iii) upon the Companys redemption of
Class A Ordinary Shares sold in the IPO upon the Companys failure to timely complete the Business Combination or (iv) in connection
with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A)
to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Business Combination or
to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company does not timely complete the Business Combination or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity. In the event Subscriber purchases
Class A Ordinary Shares in the IPO or in the aftermarket, any additional shares so purchased shall be eligible to receive the redemption
value of such Class A Ordinary Shares upon the same terms offered to all other purchasers of Class A Ordinary Shares in the IPO in the
event the Company fails to consummate the Business Combination.

6. Rescission Right Waiver and Indemnification.

6.1. Subscriber understands
and acknowledges an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act requires there be no general solicitation of purchasers
of the Shares. In this regard, if the IPO were deemed to be a general solicitation with respect to the Shares, the offer and sale of such
Shares may not be exempt from registration and, if not, Subscriber may have a right to rescind its purchase of the Shares. In order to
facilitate the completion of the Offering and in order to protect the Company, its shareholders and the amounts in the Trust Account from
claims that may adversely affect the Company or the interests of its shareholders, Subscriber hereby agrees to waive, to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law, any claims, right to sue or rights in law or arbitration, as the case may be, to seek rescission of its purchase
of the Shares. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees this waiver is being made in order to induce the Company to sell the Shares to Subscriber.
Subscriber agrees the foregoing waiver of rescission rights shall apply to any and all known or unknown actions, causes of action, suits,
claims or proceedings (collectively, Claims) and related losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages,
whether compensatory, consequential or exemplary, and expenses in connection therewith, including reasonable attorneys and expert
witness fees and disbursements and all other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any Claims,
whether pending or threatened, in connection with any present or future actual or asserted right to rescind the purchase of the Shares
hereunder or relating to the purchase of the Shares and the transactions contemplated hereby.

6.2. Subscriber agrees not
to seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever in connection with its purchase of the Shares or any Claim that may
arise now or in the future.

6.3. Subscriber acknowledges
and agrees that the shareholders of the Company are and shall be third-party beneficiaries of this Section 6.

6.4. Subscriber agrees that
to the extent any waiver of rights under this Section 6 is ineffective as a matter of law, Subscriber has offered such waiver for
the benefit of the Company as an equitable right that shall survive any statutory disqualification or bar that applies to a legal right.
Subscriber acknowledges the receipt and sufficiency of consideration received from the Company hereunder in this regard.

7. Terms of the Shares

7.1 The Shares are substantially
identical to the Class A Ordinary Shares to be offered in the IPO except that (i) the Shares will be subject to transfer restrictions,
except in limited circumstances, until 30 days following the consummation of the Business Combination and (ii) the Shares are being purchased
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become freely tradable only after the expiration
of the lockup described above in clause (i) and they are registered pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement to be signed by, among
others, the Company and Subscriber on or before the closing date of the IPO or an exemption from registration is available, and the restrictions
described above in clause (i) have expired. Additionally, the Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Shares will be deemed underwriting
compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and, pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), may not
be sold during the offering, or transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative,
put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities for a period of 180 days immediately following
the commencement of sales in the IPO, except as provided in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2).

5

7.2 Subscriber agrees to vote
the Shares in accordance with the terms of the Insider Letter and as otherwise described in the Registration Statement.

8. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver
of Jury Trial

This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such state,
without regards to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. Any suit brought by either party shall be brought in the state or federal
courts sitting in New York County in the State of New York. The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with
any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

9. Assignment; Entire Agreement; Amendment

9.1. Assignment. Neither
this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned, in whole or in part, by any party to any other person without the prior written
consent of the other party hereto except that Subscriber may assign this Agreement, or any of its rights hereunder, to a person agreeing
to be bound by the terms hereof, including the waiver contained in Section 6.

9.2. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof and merges and supersedes
all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them with respect to such subject matter.

9.3. Amendment. Except
as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other
than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is sought.

9.4. Binding upon Successors.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective successors and permitted assigns.

10. Notices

Unless otherwise provided
herein, any notice or other communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in writing and personally delivered or sent
by facsimile or other electronic transmission with copy sent in another manner herein provided or sent by courier (which for all purposes
of this Agreement shall include Federal Express or other recognized overnight courier) or mailed to said party by certified mail, return
receipt requested, at its address provided for herein or such other address as either may designate for itself in such notice to the other.
Communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered personally, on the scheduled arrival date when sent by next day or
2nd-day courier service, or if sent by facsimile upon receipt of confirmation of transmittal or, if sent by mail, then three days after
deposit in the mail. If given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when directed to an electronic mail
address at which such party has consented to receive notice.

6

11. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign
the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

12. Survival; Severability

12.1. Survival. The
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the Closing.

12.2. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability shall be effective
if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

13. Headings.

The titles and subtitles used
in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

[signature page follows]

7

This subscription is accepted by the Company on
the 6th day of January, 2025.

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted and agreed on the date set forth above.

CANTOR EP HOLDINGS I, LLC

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Private Placement Shares
Subscription Agreement - Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.]

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex10-6_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, ISSUED TO THE SPONSOR PURSUANT TO THE EXPENSE ADVANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

PROMISSORY NOTE

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE (NOTE) AND
THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THE NOTE MAY BE CONVERTED HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT) OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

Dated as of January 6, 2025

New York, New York

Principal Amount: Up to $1,750,000.00 

Pursuant to that certain Expense
Advance Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of January 6, 2025, 2024, by and between Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc., a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Maker), and Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Payee),
Maker hereby promises to pay to the order of Payee or its registered assigns or successors in interest, the principal sum of up to One
Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,750,000.00) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions
described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined
by Maker to such account as Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Certain
terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Agreement.

1. Principal.
The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by Maker on the date on which Maker consummates its Business Combination in cash
or Conversion Shares as set forth in this Note. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual,
including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities
of Maker hereunder.

2. Interest.
No interest shall accrue or be charged by Payee on the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

3. Drawdown
Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to One Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,750,000.00)
for costs reasonably related to Makers working capital needs prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. The principal
of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the date on which Maker consummates a Business Combination, upon request from
Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request) in such amounts as Maker may determine in its discretion. Payee shall fund
each Drawdown Request no later than five (5) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that
the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under this Note is One Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,750,000.00).
Once an amount is drawn down under this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid. No fees, payments
or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker.

4. Application
and Form of Payments.

(a) All
payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without
limitation) reasonable attorneys fees and then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid
principal balance of this Note.

(b) The
Note may be repaid, at Payees discretion, (i) in cash or (ii) in Conversion Shares (as defined below) pursuant to Section 15.

5. Events
of Default. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of default (Event of Default):

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of
the date specified above.

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for
the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action
by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an
involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation
of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days.

6. Remedies.

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a), Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be
due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(b) or Section 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note,
and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without
any action on the part of Payee.

7. Waivers.
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest,
and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or
personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing
for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that
may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such
writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the
payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall
not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee,
and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment
or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without
notice to Maker or affecting Makers liability hereunder.

9. Notices.
All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made: (a) in writing and delivered
personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the
address designated in writing, (b) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number
as may be designated in writing by such party or (c) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such
party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation,
if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days
after mailing if sent by mail.

2

10. Construction.
THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW
PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

11. Severability.
Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

12. Trust
Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Payee hereby waives any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
in or to any distribution of or from the Trust Account, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction
for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that if Maker completes a Business Combination,
Maker shall repay the principal balance of this Note, which may be out of the proceeds released to Maker from the Trust Account.

13. Amendment;
Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of Maker and Payee.

14. Assignment.
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void; provided, however, that this Note shall be freely assignable by Payee to any assignee.

15. Conversion.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Note to the contrary, beginning any time after 60 days from date hereof, Payee may elect to convert all or
any portion of the unpaid principal balance under this Note into that number of Class A ordinary shares of Maker (the Conversion
Shares), equal to: (i) the portion of the principal amount of this Note being converted pursuant to this Section 15, divided
by (i) $10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares and any other equity security of Maker issued
or issuable with respect to the foregoing by way of a share dividend or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization,
amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, shall be entitled to the registration rights set forth in Section 16.

(b) Upon
any complete or partial conversion of the principal amount under this Note, (i) such principal amount shall be so converted and such converted
portion of this Note shall become fully paid and satisfied, (ii) Payee shall surrender and deliver this Note, duly endorsed, to Maker
or such other address which Maker shall designate against delivery of the Conversion Shares, (iii) Maker shall promptly deliver a new
duly executed Note to Payee in the principal amount that remains outstanding, if any, after any such conversion and (iv) in exchange for
all or any portion of the surrendered Note, and simultaneous with the surrender of the Note, Maker shall, at the direction of Payee, deliver
to Payee the Conversion Shares, which shall bear such legends as are required, in the opinion of counsel to Maker or by any other agreement
between Maker and Payee and applicable state and federal securities laws.

(c) Payee
shall pay any and all taxes that may be payable with respect to any issuance or delivery of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this
Note pursuant hereto.

16. Registration
Rights. Reference is made to that certain Registration Rights Agreement between Maker and Payee, dated as of the date hereof (the
Registration Rights Agreement). All Conversion Shares shall be considered Registrable Securities (as defined in the
Registration Rights Agreement) for all purposes thereunder and entitle Payee to the same rights, duties and obligations as the Holders
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement).

[Signature Page Follows] 

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Promissory Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and
year first above written.

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: /s/ Brandon
Lutnick 

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Promissory Note by Cantor Equity Partners I,
Inc. in favor of Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC for up to $1,750,000 for Working Capital]

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex10-7_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

January 6, 2025

Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

Re: Administrative Services Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement by and
between Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company) and Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC (the Sponsor), dated as
of the date hereof, will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the date the securities of the Company are first listed on the Nasdaq
Global Market (the Listing Date), pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement) and continuing until the earlier of the consummation by the Company
of an initial business combination or the Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such
earlier date hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date):

(a) The Sponsor shall make
available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, at 110 East 59th Street, New York, NY 10022 (or any successor location of the
Sponsor), certain office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support as may be reasonably required by the Company. In
exchange therefor, the Company shall pay the Sponsor the sum of $10,000 per month on the Listing Date and continuing monthly thereafter
until the Termination Date; and

(b) The Sponsor hereby irrevocably
waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of, this letter agreement
(each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust account established
for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Companys initial
public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account) as a result of, or arising out of, this letter agreement, and hereby
irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account
or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of
any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This letter agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings,
agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter
hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

This letter agreement may
not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

No party hereto may assign
either this letter agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other
party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign
any interest or title to the purported assignee.

This letter agreement constitutes
the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law
or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to its choice of law principles.

This letter agreement may
be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an
original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. In the event that any signature is delivered
by facsimile transmission or any other form of electronic delivery, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original
thereof.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours,

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY:

CANTOR EP HOLDINGS I, LLC 

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick 

Name: Brandon Lutnick 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Administrative Services Agreement
- Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex10-8_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025, ISSUED TO THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.8

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE (NOTE) AND
THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THE NOTE MAY BE CONVERTED HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT) OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

PROMISSORY NOTE

Dated as of January 6, 2025

Principal Amount: Up to $3,000,000 New York, New York

Cantor Equity Partners I,
Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company (Maker), hereby promises to pay to the order of Cantor EP Holdings I,
LLC (Payee) or its registered assigns or successors in interest, the principal sum of up to Three Million Dollars
($3,000,000) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note
shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by Maker to such account as Payee may
from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

1. Principal. The
principal balance of this Note shall be payable by Maker in cash or Conversion Shares as set forth in this Note on the earlier of (a)
the date on which Maker consummates its initial business combination (the Business Combination) or (b) the date of
the liquidation of Maker. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including
but not limited to any officer, director, employee or stockholder of Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities
of Maker hereunder.

2. Interest. No
interest shall accrue or be charged by Payee on the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

3. Drawdown
Requests. Maker may request (each, a Drawdown Request) that Payee fund up to an aggregate of $3,000,000
in connection with any of (i) the consummation of the Business Combination, (ii) an extension of time for Maker to consummate the Business
Combination in accordance with Makers amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended, or (iii) Makers
liquidation (each, a Redemption Event), which amount to be drawn down will be added to the trust account of Maker
established in connection with its initial public offering (the Trust Account) in an amount equal to $0.15 multiplied
by the number of Makers public shares that are to be redeemed in such Redemption Event (the Redeemed Shares).
Each amount drawn down by Maker pursuant to this Note shall only be used to make an additional payment to the holders of the Redeemed
Shares on the applicable Redemption Event in an amount equal to $0.15 per Redeemed Share. Once an amount is drawn down under this Note,
it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests in respect of any subsequent Redemption Event. Except as set forth herein, no fees,
payments or other amounts shall be due to the Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker.

4. Application
and Form of Payments.

(a) All
payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without
limitation) reasonable attorneys fees and then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid
principal balance of this Note.

(b) The
Note may be repaid, at Payees discretion, (i) in cash or (ii) in Conversion Shares (as defined below) pursuant to Section 15.

5. Events
of Default. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of default (Event of Default):

(a) Failure to Make Required
Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of the date specified
above.

(b) Voluntary Bankruptcy,
Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or
other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for
the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action
by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(c) Involuntary Bankruptcy,
Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary
case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of
its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days.

6. Remedies.

(a) Upon the occurrence of
an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a), Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable,
whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein
or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b) Upon the occurrence of
an Event of Default specified in Section 5(b) or Section 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with
regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of Payee.

7. Waivers. Maker
and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and
notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms
of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal,
or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for
any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may
be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ
in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement
of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party,
and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to
by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect
to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties
hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Makers liability hereunder.

9. Notices. All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made: (a) in writing and delivered personally
or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address
designated in writing, (b) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may
be designated in writing by such party or (c) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party
or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation,
if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days
after mailing if sent by mail.

10. Construction. THIS
NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES
THEREOF.

2

11. Severability. Any
provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

12. Trust
Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Payee hereby waives any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
in or to any distribution of or from the Trust Account, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction
for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that if Maker completes the Business Combination,
Maker shall repay the principal balance of this Note, which may be out of the proceeds released to Maker from the Trust Account.

13. Amendment;
Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of Maker and Payee.

14. Assignment.
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void; provided, however, that this Note shall be freely assignable by Payee to any assignee.

15. Conversion.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Note to the contrary, beginning any time after 60 days from date hereof, Payee may elect to convert all or
any portion of the unpaid principal balance under this Note into that number of Class A ordinary shares of Maker (the Conversion
Shares), equal to: (i) the portion of the principal amount of this Note being converted pursuant to this Section 15, divided
by (i) $10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares and any other equity security of Maker issued
or issuable with respect to the foregoing by way of a share dividend or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization,
amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, shall be entitled to the registration rights set forth in Section 16.

(b) Upon
any complete or partial conversion of the principal amount under this Note, (i) such principal amount shall be so converted and such converted
portion of this Note shall become fully paid and satisfied, (ii) Payee shall surrender and deliver this Note, duly endorsed, to Maker
or such other address which Maker shall designate against delivery of the Conversion Shares, (iii) Maker shall promptly deliver a new
duly executed Note to Payee in the principal amount that remains outstanding, if any, after any such conversion and (iv) in exchange for
all or any portion of the surrendered Note, and simultaneous with the surrender of the Note, Maker shall, at the direction of Payee, deliver
to Payee the Conversion Shares, which shall bear such legends as are required, in the opinion of counsel to Maker or by any other agreement
between Maker and Payee and applicable state and federal securities laws.

(c) Payee
shall pay any and all taxes that may be payable with respect to any issuance or delivery of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this
Note pursuant hereto.

16. Registration
Rights. Reference is made to that certain Registration Rights Agreement between Maker and Payee, dated as of the date hereof (the
Registration Rights Agreement). All Conversion Shares shall be considered Registrable Securities (as defined in the
Registration Rights Agreement) for all purposes thereunder and entitle Payee to the same rights, duties and obligations as the Holders
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement).

[Signature Page Follows]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Promissory Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and
year first above written. 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Promissory Note by Cantor
Equity Partners I, Inc. in favor of Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC in the

amount of up to $3,000,000 for funding of redemptions]

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex99-1_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 6, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. Announces Pricing of $200 Million
Initial Public Offering

New York, New York, January 6, 2025 - Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.
(Nasdaq: CEPO) (the Company) announced today that it priced its initial public offering of 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares
at $10.00 per share. The shares are expected to be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and begin trading on Tuesday, January 7, 2025.

The offering is expected to close on Wednesday, January 8, 2025, subject
to customary closing conditions.

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. is acting as the sole book running manager
for the offering.

About Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. is a newly organized blank check company
sponsored by Cantor Fitzgerald and led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brandon Lutnick. Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. was formed
for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses. The Companys efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular
industry or geographic region, but the Company intends to focus on a target in an industry where it believes the Companys management
teams and affiliates expertise will provide the Company with a competitive advantage, including the financial services,
healthcare, real estate services, technology and software industries.

A registration statement relating to these securities was declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 20, 2024. The offering is being made only by means
of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Attention: Capital Markets, 499 Park Avenue,
5th Floor New York, New York 10022; Email: prospectus@cantor.com. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through
the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or
sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements, including
the successful consummation of the Companys initial public offering and use of proceeds of the offering, are subject to risks and
uncertainties including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement for the offering filed
with the SEC, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations
or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in
the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ea022688101ex99-2_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 8, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. Announces Closing
of $200 Million Initial Public Offering

New York, New York, January 8, 2025 - Cantor Equity
Partners I, Inc. (Nasdaq: CEPO) (the Company) announced today that it closed its initial public offering of 20,000,000 Class
A ordinary shares at $10.00 per share. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on Tuesday, January 7, 2025.

Of the proceeds received from the consummation
of the initial public offering and a simultaneous private placement of shares, $200,000,000 was placed into the Companys trust
account. An audited balance sheet of the Company as of January 8, 2025, reflecting receipt of the proceeds from the consummation of the
initial public offering and such private placement, will be included as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the
Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. acted as the sole
book running manager for the offering.

About Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. is a blank check
company sponsored by Cantor Fitzgerald and led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brandon Lutnick. Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.
was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses. The Companys efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to
a particular industry or geographic region, but the Company intends to focus on a target in an industry where it believes the Companys
management teams and affiliates expertise will provide the Company with a competitive advantage, including the financial
services, healthcare, real estate services, technology and software industries.

A registration statement relating to these securities
was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 20, 2024. The offering has been made
only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Attention: Capital Markets,
110 East 59th Street, 6th Floor New York, New York 10022; Email: prospectus@cantor.com. Copies of the registration statement
can be accessed through the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements,
including with respect to the anticipated use of the net proceeds, are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in
the Risk Factors section the Companys registration statement and prospectus for the offering filed with the SEC, which could cause
actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release
publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys expectations
with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>