<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-003621.txt : 20250115
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-003621.hdr.sgml : 20250115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250115083535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-003621
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Intrepid Potash, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001421461
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				261501877
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34025
		FILM NUMBER:		25531246

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		707 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4200
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-296-3006

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		707 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4200
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm253369d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000142146100014214612025-01-142025-01-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report: January 14, 2025

(Date of earliest event
reported)

Intrepid
Potash, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-34025 26-1501877

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer

Identification No.)

707
17th Street, Suite
4200

Denver,
Colorado80202

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code)

(303)
296-3006

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share IPI New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter)

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K contains a description of the material
terms of a Cooperation Agreement, which description is incorporated by reference in this Item 1.01.

Item 5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Effective as of January 14, 2025, the Board
of Directors (the Board) of Intrepid Potash, Inc. (the Company) increased the size of the Board from 7
to 8 directors, and the Board appointed Gonzalo Avendano as an additional independent director to fill the vacancy created by the
expansion of the Board and to serve as a Class I director of the Company. The Board also appointed Mr. Avendano to serve on each of
the Boards Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Environmental, Health,
Safety, and Sustainability Committee, each effective immediately.

Mr. Avendano, age 57, has over 30 years of expertise
in leadership of finance and wealth management companies, including Lehman Brothers, Deutsche Bank AG, UBS AG, and Silver Mills LLC, an
investment advisory group Mr. Avendano founded in 2005 and led as Chief Executive Officer for nearly 10 years. Mr. Avendano currently
serves as an Investment Advisor at Clearway Capital Management LLC (Clearway), an investment company incorporated in Florida.
In addition to his position at Clearway, which he has held since 2014, Mr. Avendano owns and operates Haras Patagones SRL, an Argentinian
private company in the agriculture industry. Mr. Avendano holds a bachelor of law studies from the University of Buenos Aires 
Faculta de Derecho y Cliencias Sociales.

The Board determined that Mr. Avendano is independent
as defined in the Companys governing documents and under applicable law. Mr. Avendano does not have any family relationship with
any officer or director of the Company. Other than as provided under the Cooperation Agreement described below, there are no arrangements
or understandings pursuant to which Mr. Avendano was elected as a director, and Mr. Avendano has not been involved in any related transactions
or relationships with the Company as defined in Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

In connection with Mr. Avendanos appointment
as a member of the Board, Mr. Avendano will be entitled to receive the same compensation as other non-employee directors, which compensation
amount shall reflect the pro rata portion for Mr. Avendanos partial period of service between the date of his appointment and the
2025 annual meeting of stockholders. In addition, Mr. Avendano will enter into an indemnification agreement with the Company in the form
attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023.

In connection with the appointment, the Company
entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement) with Clearway and certain other persons and entities listed
on Schedule A thereto (together with Clearway, the Investor Group). Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Investor
Group has agreed not to conduct a proxy contest or engage in any solicitation of proxies regarding the election of directors with respect
to the 2025 and 2026 annual meetings of stockholders.

Under the Cooperation Agreement, the Investor
Group also agreed to abide by certain voting commitments, customary standstill obligations and mutual non-disparagement provisions which
remain in effect 30 calendar days prior to the last day of the advance notice period for the submission by stockholders of non-proxy access
director nominations for the Companys 2027 annual meeting of stockholders (the Standstill Period). The scope of the
Investor Groups commitments, obligations, provisions and other terms are set forth in full in the Cooperation Agreement.

The foregoing summary of the Cooperation Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is subject to and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 15, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the appointment of Mr. Avendano to the Board and related information. A copy of such press release is attached hereto
as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

The information furnished under this Item 7.01,
including Exhibit 99.1, will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and will
not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as expressly set forth by specific reference
in that filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Cooperation Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and among Intrepid Potash, Inc., Clearway Capital Management LLC and the other persons and entities listed on Schedule A thereto

99.1 Press Release, dated January 15, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INTREPID POTASH, INC.

Dated: January 15,
2025 By: /s/ Christina C. Sheehan

Christina C. Sheehan

General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm253369d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT-10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COOPERATION AGREEMENT

This COOPERATION AGREEMENT
(the Agreement), dated as of January 14, 2025, is made and entered into by and among INTREPID POTASH, INC.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and CLEARWAY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC (Clearway) and the
other persons and entities listed on Schedule A hereto (collectively and together with Clearway, the Investor Group).
The Company and the Investor Group are each herein referred to as a party and collectively, as the parties.

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Investor Group have engaged in discussions regarding various matters concerning the Company, including matters concerning the Board of
Directors of the Company (the Board) and

WHEREAS, the Company believes
that the best interests of the Company would be served at this time by, among other things, coming to an agreement with the Investor Group
with respect to the matters covered in this Agreement and by the Company and the Investor Group agreeing to the other covenants and obligations
contained herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound by this Agreement,
agree as follows:

1. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to Clearway that (a) the Company has the corporate power
and authority to execute the Agreement and to bind the Company to this Agreement; (b) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized,
executed and delivered by the Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of the Company, and is enforceable against
the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles;
and (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company does not violate or conflict with (i) any
law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to it, or (ii) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a
default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under or pursuant to, or give any right of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, or any material agreement, contract, commitment, understanding
or arrangement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Investor Group. The Investor Group, jointly and severally represents and warrants to the Company that (a)(i) as
of the date of this Agreement, the Investor Group and each Related Person (as defined below) beneficially own, directly or indirectly,
only the number of common shares of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Shares) as described opposite
its name on Schedule A to this Agreement and such schedule includes each Investor Group member and all Related Persons that beneficially
own any Common Shares; (a)(ii) as of the date of this Agreement, other than as disclosed opposite its name on Schedule A
to this Agreement, the Investor Group and each Related Person does not currently have, and does not currently have any right to acquire,
any interest in any other equity or debt securities of the Company or its subsidiaries (or any rights, options or other securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable (whether or not convertible, exercisable or exchangeable immediately or only after the passage of
time or the occurrence of a specified event) for such securities or, any Synthetic Position (as defined below), or any other obligations
measured by the price or value of any securities of the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates, including any swaps or other derivative
arrangements designed to produce economic benefits and risks that correspond to the ownership of Common Shares, whether or not any of
the foregoing would give rise to beneficial ownership (as determined under Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), and whether or not to be settled by delivery of Common Shares, payment
of cash or by other consideration, and without regard to any short position under any such contract or arrangement) or any other interest
in the Company or its subsidiaries described in Sections 4(a)(vii) and 4(a)(viii) and such schedule includes
each Investor Group member and all Related Persons that have any interest of the type described in this clause (a)(ii); (b) this
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by each member of the Investor Group, and constitutes a valid
and binding obligation and agreement of each such member, enforceable against the such member in accordance with its terms, except as
enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar
laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles; (c) each member of the Investor Group
has the authority to execute this Agreement on behalf of itself and to bind such member to the terms of this Agreement, including by
virtue of having sole voting and dispositive power over all Common Shares and other interests in the Company and its subsidiaries as
set forth opposite the name of such member of the Investor Group on Schedule A to this Agreement, if applicable; (d) each
member of the Investor Group shall cause each of its Related Persons to comply with the terms of this Agreement; and (e) the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by each member of the Investor Group does not violate or conflict with (i) any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to it, or (ii) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default (or
an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under or pursuant to, or give any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which
such member is a party or by which it is bound. The Investor Group jointly and severally represents and warrants that no member of the
Investor Group and no Related Person has any voting commitments (written or oral) with the New Director (as defined below) as of the
date hereof and agrees that no member of the Investor Group and no Related Person shall compensate or otherwise incentivize the New Director
for service or action on the Board or enter into voting commitments (written or oral) relating to the Company with any director or officer
of the Company. The Investor Group jointly and severally represents and warrants that no member of the Investor Group and no Related
Person has, directly or indirectly, any agreements, arrangements or understandings with any person with respect to its investment in
the Company or its subsidiaries, any strategic, capital, management or other operational matter with respect to the Company or its subsidiaries,
any potential transaction involving the Company or its subsidiaries, or the acquisition, voting or disposition of any securities of the
Company or its subsidiaries. The Investor Group jointly and severally represents and warrants that no member of the Investor Group and
no Related Person has any control or influence over any compensation or other monetary payments to be received by the New Director in
connection with service as a director of the Company and that no member of the Investor Group and no Related Person is aware of any facts
or circumstances that will prevent the New Director from exercising independent judgment with respect to any matter involving the Company
or items that may come before the Board or any of its committees. The Investor Group jointly and severally represents and warrants that
the information previously provided to the Company by any member of the Investor Group or any Related Person is true, accurate and complete
in all material respects.

3. Board
Matters.

(a) Board
Matters. The Company agrees that promptly as practicable following the execution of this Agreement, the Board and the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee of the Board shall take all necessary actions to set the size of the Board at eight (8) directors
and, in connection therewith, appoint Gonzalo Avendano (the New Director) to the Board as an independent director
to fill the vacancy created by the expansion of the Board and to serve as a director of the Company as a Class I director.

(b) Service
on Board Committees. The Board shall, subject to compliance with all applicable stock exchange rules, consider appropriate appointments
for the New Director to applicable Board committees as it would consider such appointments for other Board candidates, taking into account
the composition of the Board, committee assignments and the needs and independence and eligibility requirements of the committees.

(c) Board
Policies and Procedures. Each party acknowledges that the New Director shall be governed by (i) all applicable laws and regulations,
and (ii) all of the same policies, processes, procedures, codes, rules, standards and guidelines applicable to members of the Board
and shall be required to adhere strictly to the policies on confidentiality, insider trading and conflicts of interest imposed on all
members of the Board. Each party acknowledges that the New Director shall be required to provide the Company with such information and
authorizations as reasonably requested from all members of the Board as is required to be disclosed under applicable law or stock exchange
regulations, in each case as promptly as necessary to enable the timely and accurate filing of the Companys proxy statement and
other periodic reports or legally required disclosures with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and
to applicable stock exchanges and regulatory authorities. The Company agrees that the New Director shall receive the same compensation
for service as a director as the compensation received by other non-management directors on the Board. The Company agrees that, upon appointment
to the Board, the New Director shall receive (1) the same benefits of director and officer insurance as all other non-management
directors on the Board, (2) the same compensation for his service as a director as the compensation received by other non-management
directors on the Board and (3) such other benefits on the same basis as all other non-management directors on the Board.

4. Standstill.

(a) Except
as otherwise set forth in or permitted by this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the expiration of the Standstill Period
(as defined below), each member of the Investor Group shall not, and shall cause its respective Affiliates, Associates, principals, directors,
general partners, officers, employees and, to the extent acting on behalf or at the direction of any of the foregoing, agents and other
representatives (collectively, the Related Persons and each a Related Person) not to, directly
or indirectly, without the prior written approval of the Board:

(i) engage in any solicitation of proxies or written consents to vote (or withhold the vote of) any voting
securities of the Company, or conduct any binding or nonbinding referendum with respect to any voting securities of the Company, or assist
or participate in any other way, directly or indirectly, in any solicitation of proxies (or written consents) with respect to any voting
securities of the Company, or otherwise become a participant in a solicitation, as such terms are defined
in Instruction 3 of Item 4 of Schedule 14A and Rule 14a-1 of Regulation 14A, respectively, under the Exchange Act, to vote (or withhold
the vote of) any securities of the Company

(ii) grant any proxy, consent or other authority to vote with respect to any matters (other than to the named
proxies included in the Companys proxy card for any annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders) or deposit any voting securities
of the Company in a voting trust or subject them to a voting agreement or other arrangement of similar effect (excluding customary brokerage
accounts, margin accounts, prime brokerage accounts and the like);

(iii) engage in any course of conduct with the purpose of causing stockholders of the Company to vote contrary
to the recommendation of the Board on any matter presented to the Companys stockholders for their vote at any meeting of the Companys
stockholders or by written consent;

(iv) call or seek to call, or request the call of, alone or in concert with others, any meeting of stockholders,
or action by consent resolutions, whether or not such a meeting or consent is permitted by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Company, as amended (the Charter) or the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the Bylaws),
including any town hall meeting;

(v) act, seek, facilitate or encourage any person to submit nominations or proposals, whether in furtherance
of a contested solicitation or otherwise, for the appointment, election or removal of directors or otherwise with respect
to the Company or seek, facilitate, encourage or take any other action with respect to the appointment, election or removal of any directors

(vi) make any announcement or proposal with respect to, or offer, seek, propose or indicate an interest in,
separately or in conjunction with any other person in which it is or proposes to be either a principal, partner or financing source or
is acting or proposes to act as broker or agent for compensation submit a proposal or offer for, or make any communication in opposition
to (A) any form of business combination or acquisition or other transaction relating to assets or securities of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, (B) any form of restructuring, recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, (C) any form of tender or exchange offer for the Common Shares, whether or not such transaction involves a change
of control of the Company, or any securities or debt of any of the Companys subsidiaries, (D) any financing transaction involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (E) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company or any of its subsidiaries

(vii) (A) purchase or otherwise acquire, or offer, seek, propose or agree to acquire, through swap or hedging
transactions or other Synthetic Position, or otherwise (the taking of any such action, an Acquisition), any ownership
(including beneficial ownership as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of, or interest in, any securities or assets of
the Company such that after giving effect to any such Acquisition, the Investor Group or any of its Related Persons holds, directly or
indirectly, in excess of a 13.1% interest in the then-outstanding securities of the Company, (B) purchase or otherwise acquire, or
offer, seek, propose or agree to acquire, any interest in any indebtedness of the Company, or (C) purchase or otherwise acquire,
or offer, seek, propose or agree to acquire, ownership (including beneficial ownership) of any assets or liabilities of the Company or
any right or option to acquire any such asset or liabilities from any person, in each case in this clause (C) other than securities
of the Company, and in each case in this paragraph (vii), other than by way of distributions or offerings made available to holders
of Common Shares generally on a pro rata basis or pursuant to a Voting Exempt Matter (as defined in Section 5);

(viii) engage in any short sale, forward contract or any purchase, sale or grant of any option, warrant, convertible
security, stock appreciation right or other similar right (including any put or call option or swap transaction) with respect
to any security (other than a broad-based market basket or index) that includes, relates to or derives any significant part of its value
from a decline in the market price or value of the securities of the Company;

(ix) seek to advise, encourage, support or influence any person with respect to the voting of (or execution
of a written consent in respect of), acquisition of or disposition of any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries

(x) other than in open market sale transactions whereby the identity of the purchaser is not known, sell,
offer or agree to sell, directly or indirectly, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, the securities of the Company or any
rights decoupled from the underlying securities of the Company held by the Investor Group or any Related Person to any Third Party that,
to the Investor Groups knowledge (after due inquiry, it being understood that such knowledge shall be deemed to exist with respect
to any publicly available information, including, but not limited to, information in documents filed with the SEC), would result in such
Third Party, together with its Affiliates and Associates, owning, controlling or otherwise having any beneficial or other ownership of,
in the aggregate, more than 4.9% of the shares of voting securities of the Company outstanding at such time or would increase the beneficial
ownership interest of any Third Party who, collectively with its Affiliates and Associates, has a beneficial or other ownership interest
of, in the aggregate, more than 4.9% of the shares of voting securities of the Company outstanding at such time, except for Schedule 13G
filers that are mutual funds, pension funds, index funds or investment fund managers

(xi) take any action in support of or make any proposal or request that constitutes (or would constitute if
taken), or make any statement or have a discussion with any known stockholder of the Company concerning or with the effect of: (A) advising,
controlling, changing or influencing the Board or management of the Company and its subsidiaries, including any plans or proposals to
change the voting standard with respect to director elections, number or term of directors or to fill any vacancies on the Board, (B) any
change in the capitalization, stock repurchase programs and practices, capital allocation programs and practices, or dividend policy of
the Company or its subsidiaries, (C) any other change in the Companys or its subsidiaries management, business, or
corporate structure, (D) seeking to have the Company waive or make amendments or modifications to the Charter or Bylaws, or other
actions that may impede or facilitate the acquisition of control of the Company by any person, (E) causing a class of securities
of the Company to be delisted from, or to cease to be authorized to be quoted on, any securities exchange, or (F) causing a class
of securities of the Company to become eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange
Act

(xii) pursuant to Rule 14a-1(l)(2)(iv) under the Exchange Act, communicate with stockholders of the
Company or others;

(xiii) form, join or in any other way participate in any partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or group
(within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act or otherwise) with respect to the Company or its securities (other
than with members of the Investor Group)

(xiv) demand a copy of the Companys list of stockholders or its other books and records or make any request
under Section 220 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or other applicable legal provisions regarding inspection
of books and records or other materials (including stocklist materials) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries

(xv) commence, encourage, join as a party, solicit or support any litigation, arbitration, derivative action
in the name of the Company or any class action or other proceeding against or involving the Company or any of its current or former Company
Related Persons (as defined below)

(xvi) make or publicly advance any request or submit any proposal, directly or indirectly, to amend, modify
or waive the terms of this Section 4 other than through non-public communications with the Company, which the Company may
accept or reject in its sole and absolute discretion, that would not trigger public disclosure obligations for any member of the Investor
Group or its Related Persons or reasonably be expected to trigger public disclosure obligations for the Company or any Company Related
Persons; or

(xvii) enter into any discussions, negotiations, agreements or understandings with any person or entity with
respect to any action the Investor Group is prohibited from taking pursuant to this Section 4, or advise, assist, knowingly
encourage or seek to persuade any person or entity to take any action or make any statement with respect to any such action, or otherwise
take or cause any action or make any statement inconsistent with any of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing in this Section 4 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict the Investor Group or its Related Persons
from communicating privately with members of the Board or executive officers of the Company regarding any matter, so long as such communications
are not intended to and would not require any public disclosure of such communications. The Investor Group shall not, and shall cause
its Related Persons not to, seek to do, directly or indirectly, through any director of the Company or other individual, anything that
would be prohibited under this Agreement if done by the Investor Group or any Related Person.

(b) For
purposes of this Agreement:

(i) Affiliate shall mean any Affiliate as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated
by the SEC under the Exchange Act;

(ii) Associate shall mean any Associate as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated
by the SEC under the Exchange Act;

(iii) beneficial owner and beneficial ownership shall have the same
meanings as set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act;

(iv) person or persons shall mean any individual, corporation (including
not-for-profit), general or limited partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization or
other entity of any kind or nature;

(v) Standstill Period shall mean the period commencing on the date of this Agreement
and ending on the date that is thirty (30) calendar days prior to the last day of the advance notice period for the submission by stockholders
of non-proxy access director nominations for the Companys 2027 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Bylaws;

(vi) Synthetic Position shall mean any derivative, swap or other transaction or series
of transactions engaged in, directly or indirectly, by such person, the purpose or effect of which is to give such person economic risk
similar to ownership of equity securities of any class or series of the Company, including due to the fact that the value of such derivative,
swap or other transactions are determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any shares of any class or series of the Companys
equity securities, or which derivative, swap or other transactions provide the opportunity to profit from any increase in the price or
value of shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities, without regard to whether (i) the derivative, swap
or other transactions convey any voting rights in such equity securities to such person; (ii) the derivative, swap or other transactions
are required to be, or are capable of being, settled through delivery of such equity securities; or (iii) such person may have entered
into other transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such derivative, swap or other transactions; and

(vii) Third Party shall mean any person that is not (A) a party to this Agreement,
(B) a member of the Board, (C) an officer of the Company or (D) an Affiliate or Associate of the Investor Group who has
previously executed a joinder to this Agreement agreeing to all obligations of the Investor Group hereunder and providing all the representations
and warranties and corresponding disclosure of the Investor Group hereunder.

(c) Within
five (5) business days of the end of each fiscal quarter during the Standstill Period and at any time during the Standstill Period
within five (5) business days of a written request from the Company to the Investor Group, the Investor Group will provide the Company
with information (including the date of acquisition or disposition) regarding the amount of any debt and equity securities of the Company
and its subsidiaries beneficially owned by each member of the Investor Group and each Related Person or any other interest in the Company
or its subsidiaries described in Section 4(a)(vii).

5. Voting.
At each annual and special meeting of stockholders held prior to the expiration of the Standstill Period (and at any action taken
by consent of stockholders during such period), the Investor Group agrees to (i) appear at such stockholders meeting or otherwise
cause all Common Shares beneficially owned by the Investor Group and its Related Persons to be counted as present for purposes of establishing
a quorum; (ii) vote, or cause to be voted, all Common Shares beneficially owned by the Investor Group and its Related Persons on
the Companys proxy card or voting instruction form (a) in favor of each of the directors nominated by the Board and recommended
by the Board in the election of directors and against any proposals to remove any such members of the Board, (b) against any nominees
to serve on the Board that have not been recommended by the Board, and (c) with respect to all other matters other than a Voting
Exempt Matter, in accordance with the Boards recommendations as identified in the Companys proxy statement; and (iii) not
execute any proxy card or voting instruction form in respect of such stockholders meeting other than the proxy card and related
voting instruction form being solicited by or on behalf of the Board (such proxy card and/or form, the Companys Card);
provided, that with respect to any Voting Exempt Matter, Investor Group shall have the ability to vote freely on the Companys
Card, so long as the Investor Group does not publicly disclose such vote. For purposes of this Section 5, a Voting
Exempt Matter means any tender offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation, acquisition, business combination, sale, recapitalization,
restructuring, or other transaction with a person that, in each case, results in a change in control of the Company or the sale of substantially
all of the Companys and its subsidiaries aggregate assets. During the Standstill Period, not later than five (5) business
days prior to each of the Companys meetings of stockholders, the Investor Group shall vote in accordance with this Section 5
and shall not revoke or change any such vote. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 5 or this Agreement
shall prohibit the New Director in acting in accordance with his fiduciary duties at any Board meeting of directors.

6. Mutual
Non-Disparagement.

(a) The
Investor Group agrees that, until the expiration of the Standstill Period, the Investor Group will not, and the Investor Group will cause
each of its Related Persons not to, directly or indirectly, in any capacity or manner, make, express, transmit, speak, write, verbalize
or otherwise communicate in any way (or cause, further, assist, solicit, encourage, support or participate in any of the foregoing), any
remark, comment, message, information, declaration, communication or other statement of any kind, whether verbal, in writing, electronically
transferred or otherwise, that might reasonably be construed to be derogatory towards, or critical of, the Company or any of its past
or present directors, officers, Affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, agents or representatives (collectively, the Company Related
Persons), or that reveals, discloses, incorporates, is based upon, discusses, includes or otherwise involves any confidential
or proprietary information of the Company or the Company Related Persons, or to malign, harm, disparage, defame or damage the reputation
or good name of the Company, any Company Related Person or the Companys business; provided, however, that the foregoing
shall not prevent the Investor Group or its Related Persons from privately communicating to the Board factual information based on publicly
available information.

(b) The
Company agrees that, until the expiration of the Standstill Period, it will not, and it will cause the Company Related Persons not to,
directly or indirectly, in any capacity or manner, make, express, transmit, speak, write, verbalize or otherwise communicate in any way
(or cause, further, assist, solicit, encourage, support or participate in any of the foregoing), any remark, comment, message, information,
declaration, communication or other statement of any kind, whether verbal, in writing, electronically transferred or otherwise, or take
any action that is intended to result in a public statement of any kind, that might reasonably be construed to be derogatory towards,
or critical of, the Investor Group or any of its Related Persons, or that reveals, discloses, incorporates, is based upon, discusses,
includes or otherwise involves any confidential or proprietary information of the Investor Group or its Related Persons, or to malign,
harm, disparage, defame or damage the reputation or good name of the Investor Group, any Related Person or the Investor Groups
or its Related Persons businesses; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent private communications
to the Investor Group or its Related Persons of factual information based on publicly available information.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in Section 4, this Section 6, or elsewhere in this Agreement shall prohibit any party to
this Agreement from making any statement or disclosure required under the federal securities laws or other applicable laws, rules or
regulations so long as such requirement is not due to a breach by any party of this Agreement or to comply with any subpoena or other
legal process or respond to a request for information from any governmental authority with jurisdiction over the party from whom information
is sought provided, that (i) such party must, to the extent legally permissible, (x) provide written notice to
the other party at least five (5) business days prior to making any such statement or disclosure, (y) shall reasonably consider
any comments of the other party and (ii) the disclosing party may in its sole discretion (and at its cost) seek a protective order
or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, and the other party will reasonably cooperate
with the Company to obtain any such protective order or other remedy. The limitations set forth in Sections 6(a) and
6(b) shall not prevent any party to this Agreement from responding to any public statement made by the other party of the
nature described in Sections 6(a) and 6(b) if such statement by the other party was made in breach of this Agreement.

(d) The
Investor Group shall not, and the Investor Group shall cause its Related Persons not to, during the Standstill Period, (i) issue
a press release regarding the Company or in connection with this Agreement or the actions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) otherwise
make any public disclosure or announcement with respect to the Company or this Agreement or the actions contemplated by this Agreement
that is inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or in violation of the obligations set forth in Section 4 or this Section 6,
in each case without the prior written consent of the Company, which may be withheld at the Companys sole discretion. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, the Company acknowledges that the Investor Group intends to file this Agreement as an exhibit to an amendment
to the Investor Groups Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on November 4, 2024 (the Investor Group 13D) and
will provide the Company an opportunity to review the amendment in advance of such filing. During the Standstill Period, the Company shall
have an opportunity to review in advance any other amendment to the Investor Group 13D to be filed with the SEC by the Investor Group
on or after the date of this Agreement.

7. Specific
Performance. It is understood and agreed that money damages would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any
party to this Agreement and the non-breaching party to this Agreement shall be entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation,
injunction and specific performance, as a remedy for any such actual or potential breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the
exclusive remedies for a breach by the non-breaching parties, but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity
to the non-breaching party. The parties to this Agreement further agree not to raise as a defense or objection to the request or granting
of such relief that any breach of this Agreement is or would be compensable by an award of money damages, and the parties to this Agreement
agree to waive any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy.

8. Related
Persons. The Investor Group shall cause any Related Persons to comply with the terms of this Agreement and shall be responsible for
any breach of this Agreement by any such Related Person. A breach of this Agreement by any Related Person, if such Related Person is not
a party to this Agreement, shall be deemed to occur if such Related Person engages in conduct that would constitute a breach of this Agreement
if such Related Person was a party to the same extent as any member of the Investor Group. The Investor Group shall cause the applicable
parties thereto to execute Exhibit A no later than two (2) days after the date of this Agreement.

9. Termination.

(a) Unless
otherwise mutually agreed in writing by each party, this Agreement shall terminate on the earliest to occur of (i) the termination
of the Standstill Period and (ii) the consummation of a Voting Exempt Matter.

(b) If
this Agreement is terminated in accordance with this Section 9, this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void, but no
termination shall relieve a party from liability for any breach of this Agreement prior to such termination.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing terms of this Section 9, Section 7 and Section 10 through Section 24 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement.

10. Notice.
Any notices, consents, determinations, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally (ii) upon
receipt, when sent by email (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the
sending party), provided that such email notice is accompanied by a notice delivered pursuant to either clause (i) or (iii) within
twenty-four (24) hours of email receipt; or (iii) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and email addresses for such communications
shall be:

If to the Company:

Intrepid Potash, Inc.

707 17th Street, Suite 4200

Denver, CO 80202

Attention: Christina Sheehan

Email: christina.sheehan@intrepidpotash.com

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Latham & Watkins

330 North Wabash Avenue, Suite 2800

Chicago, IL 60611

Attention: Christopher R. Drewry, Justin T. Stolte

Email: christopher.drewry@lw.com, justin.stolte@lw.com

If to the Investor Group:

Clearway Capital Management LLC

240 Crandon Blvd., Suite 250.

Key Biscayne, FL 33149

Attention: Gonzalo Avendano

Email: gonzalo.avendano@mac.com

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Whisenand & Turner, P.A.

240 Crandon Blvd., Suite250

Key Biscayne, FL 33149

Attention: James D. Whisenand

Email: jdw@w-tgroup.com

11. Governing
Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement, the relationship of the parties,
and/or the interpretation and enforcement of the rights and duties of the parties shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions thereof.

12. Jurisdiction.
Each party to this Agreement agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates and Associates, that any actions, suits or proceedings
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be brought solely and exclusively
in the Delaware Court of Chancery or other federal or state courts of the State of Delaware (and the parties agree not to commence any
action, suit or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except in such courts), and
further agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail to the respective addresses set forth
in Section 10 will be effective service of process for any such action, suit or proceeding brought against any party in any
such Delaware court. Each party, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates and Associates, irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection
to the laying of venue of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
in the Delaware Court of Chancery or other federal or state court in the State of Delaware, and further irrevocably and unconditionally
waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such Delaware court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such Delaware
court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.

13. Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE
COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS
AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION, (B) SUCH
PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (C) SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) SUCH PARTY HAS
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 13.

14. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with regard to the subject
matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings and representations, whether oral or
written, of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations,
warranties, covenants or undertakings, oral or written, between the parties other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement.

15. Headings.
The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.

16. Waiver.
No failure on the part of any party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy under this Agreement shall
operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power or remedy by such party
preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power or remedy or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.

17. Remedies.
All remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law or equity.

18. Construction. Each
of the parties to this Agreement acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of its choice throughout all negotiations that
have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that it has executed the same with the advice of said independent counsel. Each
party and its counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement and the documents referred to
herein, and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among the parties shall be deemed the work product of all of the parties
and may not be construed against any party by reason of its drafting or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal
decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any party that drafted or prepared it is of
no application and is hereby expressly waived by each of the parties hereto, and any controversy over interpretations of this
Agreement shall be decided without regards to events of drafting or preparation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a
Section, such reference shall be to a Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever
the words include, includes and including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed
to be followed by the words without limitation. The words hereof, herein and
hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular provision of this Agreement. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning as the word
shall. The words dates hereof will refer to the date of this Agreement. The word or is not
exclusive. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms. Any
agreement, instrument, law, rule or statute defined or referred to herein means, unless otherwise indicated, such agreement,
instrument, law, rule or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented.

19. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions
of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or
degree shall remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable. The parties further agree to replace such
invalid or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible,
the purposes of such invalid or unenforceable provision.

20. Amendment.
This Agreement may be modified, amended or otherwise changed only in a writing signed by the Company, on the one hand, and Clearway,
on the other hand.

21. Successors
and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable solely by the parties hereto and
successors thereto. No party may assign (by operation of law or otherwise) this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder
without, with respect to any member of the Investor Group, the express prior written consent of the Company, and with respect to the
Company, the prior written consent of Clearway, and any assignment in contravention of the foregoing shall be null and avoid. Prior
to entering into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to, or effecting, any form of business combination or
acquisition or other transaction relating to assets or securities of any member of the Investor Group, any form of restructuring,
recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to any member of the Investor Group, any form of tender or exchange offer of
any member of the Investor Group, or any liquidation of dissolution of any member of the Investor Group, in each case in one or a
series of transactions, that does not directly result in the assumption of the obligations of the Investor Group under this
Agreement, Clearway will notify the Company and will arrange in connection therewith alternative means of providing for the
obligations of the Investor Group in this Agreement, including by the assumption of such obligations by another party.

22. No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The representations, warranties and agreements of the parties contained herein are intended solely for
the benefit of the party to whom such representations, warranties or agreements are made, and shall confer no rights, benefits, remedies,
obligations, or liabilities hereunder, whether legal or equitable, in any other person or entity, and no other person or entity shall
be entitled to rely thereon.

23. Counterparts
Facsimile / Electronic Signatures. This Agreement and any amendments hereto may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of
which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. The words execution,
execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to this Agreement and/or
any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic
signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms, or the keeping of records in
electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the
use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the
Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other
similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

24. Expenses.
Each of the Company and the Investor Group shall be responsible for its own fees and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation,
execution, and effectuation of this Agreement and the matters contemplated hereby, including, but not limited to attorneys fees
incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and all other activities related to the foregoing; provided,
however, that the Company shall reimburse the Investor Group for its reasonable documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the Investor Groups involvement with the Company prior to the date hereof and the negotiation and execution
of this Agreement in an amount not to exceed $125,000.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have duly executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first above written.

INTREPID POTASH, INC.

By: /s/ Kevin S. Crutchfield

Name: Kevin S. Crutchfield

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CLEARWAY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC

By: /s/ Gonzalo Avendano

Name: Gonzalo Avendano

Title:

GENOVA USVI COMPANY, LLC

By: /s/ Luis Oscar Merlotti

Name: Luis Oscar Merlotti

Title:

/s/ Gonzalo Avendano

Gonzalo Avendano

Schedule
A

INVESTOR GROUP PARTIES

Party Beneficial Ownership

Clearway Capital Management LLC 

1,203,222 Common Shares beneficially owned

Genova USVI Company, LLC 

120,000 Common Shares beneficially owned

Gonzalo Avendano 

0 Common Shares beneficially owned

EXHIBIT A

Contingent Joinder

January 14, 2025

Reference is made to that
certain Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement), dated as of January 14, 2025, by and among INTREPID
POTASH, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and CLEARWAY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC (Clearway)
and the other persons and entities listed on Schedule A hereto (collectively and together with Clearway, the Investor
Group). All terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Cooperation Agreement.

Maria
Bernarda Arencedo, Santiago Avendano, Benjamin Avendano and Joaquin Avendano (collectively, the Avendano Parties)
hereby agree to provide the Company within five (5) business days of the end of each fiscal quarter during the Standstill Period,
and at any time during the Standstill Period within five (5) business days of a written request from the Company to the Avendano
Parties, with information regarding the aggregate amount of any shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the
Common Stock) beneficially owned by each member of the Avendano Parties.

The
Avendano Parties also hereby acknowledge and agree that if the Avendano Parties own, control or otherwise have any beneficial or
other ownership of, in the aggregate, more than 2.5% of the Common Stock (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any beneficial ownership
by Clearway and Genova USVI Company, LLC) outstanding at any time, then the Avendano Parties shall automatically become parties to the
Cooperation Agreement and shall be fully bound by, and subject to, all of the covenants, terms and conditions of the Cooperation Agreement
applicable to the Investor Group as though an original party thereto.

The provisions of Sections
11 (Governing Law), 12 (Jurisdiction), 13 (Waiver of Jury Trial), 14 (Entire Agreement), 16 (Waiver),
17 (Remedies), 18 (Construction), 19 (Severability), 21 (Successors and Assigns) and 23 (Counterparts
Facsimile / Electronic Signatures) of the Cooperation Agreement shall each apply hereto mutatis mutandis.

Sincerely,

/s/ Maria Bernarda Arencedo

Maria Bernarda Arencedo

/s/ Santiago Arencedo

Santiago Avendano

/s/ Benjamin Avendano

Benjamin Avendano

/s/ Joaquin Avendano

Joaquin Avendano
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm253369d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT-99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1 

Intrepid Announces Appointment of Gonzalo Avendano
to Board of Directors

Accomplished business leader with deep understanding
of capital markets and investments

Denver January 15, 2025 Intrepid Potash, Inc. (Intrepid
or the Company) (NYSE: IPI), announced today the appointment of Gonzalo Avendano as a new independent director to Intrepids
Board of Directors (the Board), effective January 14, 2025. Mr. Avendano has over 30 years of experience in leadership of
finance and wealth management companies and brings extensive experience in capital markets and business strategy to the Board. This appointment
increases the size of the Board from seven to eight directors, seven of whom, including Mr. Avendano, are independent.

We are pleased to welcome Gonzalo to our Board, said
Barth Whitham, Chair of the Board. He is a seasoned business leader with extensive knowledge of global investment markets. His
industry experience along with his unique perspective as an investor will make him a valuable addition to our Board.

Kevin Crutchfield, Chief Executive Officer of Intrepid Potash, added:
Gonzalos insights into evolving market dynamics and his commitment to driving value creation will play a crucial role as
we continue to enhance our operations. I look forward to working closely with him as we execute our strategic initiatives to deliver long-term
value for our shareholders.

In connection with this announcement, Intrepid has entered into a cooperation
agreement with Clearway Capital Management LLC (Clearway) and certain other persons and entities referenced in the agreement,
which includes customary standstill, voting, and other provisions. Gonzalo Avendano, an Investment Advisor of Clearway, said, I
appreciate the positive and constructive discussions with the Company and I am pleased to join the Intrepid Board. Clearway owns approximately
9.1% of Intrepid and first purchased shares in Intrepid nearly a decade ago. As one of the Companys largest shareholders, Clearway
is focused on the long-term value of the Company and I look forward to working constructively with my fellow Board members and the management
team to grow shareholder value.

About Gonzalo Avendano

Gonzalo Avendano serves as an Investment Advisor of Clearway, an investment
company based in Florida that specializes in managing a diversified portfolio of liquid assets and private equity investments. In addition,
Gonzalo owns and operates Haras Patagones SRL, an Argentinian private company in the agriculture industry. He previously held positions
at Lehman Brothers, Deutsche Bank AG, and UBS AG.

About Intrepid

Intrepid is a diversified mineral company that delivers potassium,
magnesium, sulfur, salt, and water products essential for customer success in agriculture, animal feed and the oil and gas industry. Intrepid
is the only U.S. producer of muriate of potash, which is applied as an essential nutrient for healthy crop development, utilized in several
industrial applications and used as an ingredient in animal feed. In addition, Intrepid produces a specialty fertilizer, Trio,
which delivers three key nutrients, potassium, magnesium, and sulfate, in a single particle. Intrepid also provides water, magnesium chloride,
brine, and various oilfield services. Intrepid serves diverse customers in markets where a logistical advantage exists and is a leader
in the use of solar evaporation for potash production, resulting in lower cost and more environmentally friendly production. Intrepids
mineral production comes from three solar solution potash facilities and one conventional underground Trio mine.

Intrepid routinely posts important information, including information
about upcoming investor presentations and press releases, on its website under the Investor Relations tab. Investors and other interested
parties are encouraged to enroll at intrepidpotash.com, to receive automatic email alerts or RSS feeds for new postings.

Contact

Evan Mapes, CFA, Investor Relations Manager

Phone: 303-996-3042

Email: evan.mapes@intrepidpotash.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ipi-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ipi-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ipi-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm253369d1_img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34025

Entity Registrant Name Intrepid
Potash, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001421461

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1501877

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 707
17th Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
4200

Entity Address, City or Town Denver

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80202

City Area Code 303

Local Phone Number 296-3006

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol IPI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://intrepidpotash.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ipi-20250114.xsd 
ipi-20250114_lab.xml 
ipi-20250114_pre.xml 
tm253369d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-003621-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm253369d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001421461 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001421461 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
Intrepid Potash, Inc. 
DE 
001-34025 
26-1501877 
707 17th Street 
Suite 4200 
Denver 
CO 
80202 
303 
296-3006 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
IPI 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>