<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004502.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004502.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131172530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004502
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250131
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Banzai International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001826011
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39826
		FILM NUMBER:		25579552

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		435 ERICKSEN AVE NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			BAINBRIDGE ISLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2064141777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		435 ERICKSEN AVE NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			BAINBRIDGE ISLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	7GC & Co. Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200924
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000182601100018260112025-01-312025-01-310001826011BNZI:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-312025-01-310001826011BNZI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-01-312025-01-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 31, 2025

Banzai
International, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39826 85-3118980

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

435
Ericksen Ave, Suite 250

Bainbridge
Island, Washington 98110

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (206)414-1777

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share BNZI The
Nasdaq Capital Market

Redeemable
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 BNZIW The
Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On
January 30, 2025, Banzai International, Inc. (Banzai
or the Company) entered into a
Convertible Promissory Note (the Note)
with YA II PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited company (the Investor)
in principal amount of $3,500,000 (the Original
Principal Amount) to the Company, to be used as an advance under the outstanding Standby Equity Purchase Agreement
entered into on December 14, 2023 by the Company and the Investor (the SEPA). The Company received the payment from the Investor on January
31, 2025.

The
Note was issued on January 30, 2025 (the Issuance
Date) and the maturity date of the Note is July 31, 2025, but may be extended at the option of the Company (the
Maturity Date). Beginning on
the 30th day from the Issuance Date, and continuing on the same day of each successive calendar month thereafter, (each,
an Installment Date), the Company shall repay a portion of the outstanding balance of the Note in an amount
equal to the sum of (i) $1,000,000 of principal (or the outstanding Principal if less than such amount), plus (ii) a payment premium
(in an amount equal to 4% of the Principal amount being paid (the Payment Premium), and (iii) accrued and
unpaid interest hereunder as of each Installment Date (collectively, the Installment Amount). The Company
maintains the right to pay each Installment Amount in cash or via an Advance Notice pursuant to the SEPA or any combination thereof.
The Note bears an interest rate of 0% for the first 90 days following the Issuance Date, and 6% thereafter (the Interest
Rate). The Interest Rate shall increase to an annual rate of 18% upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as
defined by the Note). The Note is convertible into shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(the Class A Common Stock), at
a conversion price of $2.00 per share (the Conversion
Price). The Investor may elect to convert part or all of the outstanding balance of the Note at any time or from
time to time after the Issuance Date. The Company may prepay the outstanding amount at any time, in whole or in part, subject to a
4% premium, provided that (i) the Company provides the Investor with at least 10 trading days prior written notice (each, a
Redemption Notice) of its
desire to prepay the outstanding amount (an Optional
Redemption), and (ii) on the date the Redemption Notice is issued, the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock is less
than the Conversion Price.

The foregoing description of the Note is qualified by reference
to the full text of the Form of Convertible Promissory Note, which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

Closing
of the Acquisition

On
January 31, 2025 (the Closing Date), the Company closed a previously announced acquisition (the Acquisition,
the consummation of the Acquisition, the Closing) with Vidello Limited, a private limited company registered in
England and Wales (Vidello), pursuant to an Acquisition Agreement (the Acquisition Agreement),
dated December 19, 2024, by and among the Company, Vidello, and certain shareholders of Vidello (the Vidello Shareholders).
On or prior to the Closing Date, the closing conditions as set forth in the Acquisition Agreement were satisfied or otherwise waived
by the parties thereto, and upon Closing, Vidello Shareholders transferred all the outstanding shares of Vidello to the Company, therefore,
Vidello became a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In exchange, the Company paid to Vidello Shareholders $2,745,031
in cash ($2,500,000 are withheld for indemnification expenses and other holdback provisions in accordance with the
Acquisition Agreement, the Cash Consideration) and issued 898,204 shares of Banzai Class A Common Stock (the
Share Consideration, together with the Cash Consideration, the Closing Consideration). Based
on the amount of Share Consideration, no Pre-Funded warrants were issued.

The
Share Consideration to the Vidello Shareholders pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement were issued in reliance upon the exemption from
registration provided by Regulation D as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

A
copy of the Acquisition Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. The above description of the
Acquisition Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit.

Lock-Up
Agreement

In
connection with and as a condition to closing under the Acquisition Agreement, on the Closing Date, Banzai executed and delivered to
each Vidello Shareholder a lock-up agreement (the Lock-Up Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, the
Vidello Shareholders agree, with respect to the shares of Banzai Class A Common Stock and any other securities convertible or exercisable
into the shares of Banzai Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by them, during the 180-day period following the Closing, (the Lock-Up
Period) not to complete any Prohibited Transfer (as defined in the Lock-Up Agreement).

A
copy of the form of Lock-Up Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K of the Company filed with on December 20, 2024,
and is incorporated herein by reference. The above description of the Lock-Up Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to
such exhibit.

Corporate
Governance

Immediately
prior to the Closing, the directors, and officers of Vidello tendered their resignation, effective upon Closing. Pursuant to the Acquisition
Agreement, effective as of the Closing Date, Mr. Davy shall be the sole member of the board of directors of Vidello effective upon Closing,
holding office in accordance with the organizational documents of Vidello.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated in this Item 2.03 by
reference.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The
information contained in Item 1.01 and 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated in this Item 3.02 by reference.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

The
information contained in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated in this Item 5.03 by reference.

Item
8.01. Other Events

As
a result of the Acquisition, as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company believes its stockholders equity is
in excess of the minimum $2.5 million Nasdaq requirement. However, there can be no assurance that the Panel will determine that the Company
has regained compliance with the Nasdaq continued listing standards.

Forward
Looking Statements

Certain
statements contained in this filing may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the transactions contemplated by the merger. These forward-looking statements generally
include statements that are predictive in nature and depend upon or refer to future events or conditions and include words such as believes,
plans, anticipates, projects, estimates, expects, intends,
strategy, future, opportunity, may, will, should,
could, potential, or similar expressions. Statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Banzai undertakes no obligation to update any of them publicly in light of new
information or future events. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement as a result
of various factors. Banzai and Vidello may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Additional
factors that may affect the future results of Banzai are set forth in its filings with the SEC, including Banzais most recently
filed Annual Report on Form 10-K, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the SEC,
which are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov, specifically under the heading Risk Factors. The risks and
uncertainties described above and in Banzais filings with the SEC are not exclusive. Readers are urged to consider these factors
carefully in evaluating these forward-looking statements, and not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.

Item
9.01 Exhibits

(a)
Financial Statements of Businesses Acquired.

The
financial statements required by Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no later than
71 days after the date this report on Form 8-K must be filed.

(b)
Pro Forma Financial Information.

The
pro forma financial statements required by Item 9.01(b) of Form 8-K will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no
later than 71 days after the date this report on Form 8-K must be filed.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

2.1* Acquisition Agreement, dated December 19, 2024, by and among Banzai International, Inc., Vidello Limited, and certain shareholders of Vidello Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2024)

10.1 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2024).

10.2 Voting and Support Agreement, dated December 19, 2024, by and between Joseph P. Davy and Banzai International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2024).

10.3 Closing Letter Agreement, dated January 24, 2025, by and among Banzai International, Inc., Vidello Limited, and certain shareholders of Vidello Limited.

10.4 Form of Convertible Promissory Note

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL

*
Exhibits and Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish copies
of any of the omitted exhibits and schedules upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
January 31, 2025

BANZAI
INTERNATIONAL, INC.

By:
/s/
Joseph Davy

Joseph
Davy

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

Banzai
International, Inc.

435
Ericksen Ave, Suite 250

Bainbridge
Island, WA 98110

December
30, 2024

Vidello
Limited

6
Brindles

RM112RU
Hornchurch London

United
Kingdom

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Re: Agreements
Regarding Closing

Reference
is made to the Acquisition Agreement between Banzai International, Inc. (ListCo), Vidello Limited (Company)
and the shareholders of the Company (collectively, Company Shareholders), entered into as of December 19, 2024 (the
Acquisition Agreement). This Letter Agreement is intended to set forth certain agreements and understandings with
respect to the closing of the transactions provided for in the Acquisition Agreement and hereby amends the Acquisition Agreement to reflect
such agreements and understandings as follows:

1.
Defined Terms. Each capitalized but undefined term used in this Letter Agreement will have the meaning given to it in the Acquisition
Agreement.

2.
Closing Consideration.

(a)
Closing Consideration. The Parties agree that the Cash Consideration (and accordingly the Closing Consideration) shall be:

(i) increased
by an amount equal to the Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Company as of immediately
prior to the Closing (Closing Date Cash);

(ii) decreased
by an amount equal to the Indebtedness of the Company as of immediately prior to the
Closing (Closing Date Debt); and

(iii) increased
or decreased, as applicable, by the Closing Date Working Capital Adjustment Amount (which
may be a positive or negative amount).

(b)
Estimated Closing Consideration. An estimate of the Closing Date Cash (Estimated Closing Date Cash), Closing
Date Debt (Estimated Closing Date Debt) and Closing Date Working Capital Adjustment Amount (Estimated
Closing Date Working Capital Adjustment Amount), and correspondingly an estimate of the Closing Consideration (Estimated
Closing Consideration) shall be memorialized in a separate instrument delivered at the Closing (including via a flow
of funds or other customary closing statement).

(c)
Closing Consideration Adjustments.

(i) As
promptly as practicable (but not later than ninety (90) days) following the Closing Date,
ListCo shall prepare in accordance with the relevant definitions in this Agreement setting
forth in reasonable detail, as of the Closing Date: (A) ListCos calculation of Closing
Date Cash (Preliminary Cash Determination), Closing Date Debt (Preliminary
Debt Determination) and Closing Date Working Capital (Preliminary Working
Capital Determination), and, (B) based on such calculations, a calculation of
the Closing Consideration (the Preliminary Closing Consideration Determination
and, together with the Preliminary Cash Determination, Preliminary Debt Determination and
Preliminary Working Capital Determination, the Preliminary Closing Statement);
provided, however, that until such time as the calculation of said determinations
are final and binding on the parties, ListCo and its accountants shall, upon reasonable notice
and upon the Company Shareholders written request, make themselves available during
normal business hours to discuss the Preliminary Closing Statement, and the Company Shareholders
shall be provided copies of, and have access upon reasonable notice at all reasonable times
during normal business hours to the work papers and supporting records of ListCo and its
accountants so as to allow the Company Shareholders to become informed concerning all matters
relating to the preparation of the Preliminary Closing Statement and the accounting procedures,
methodologies, tests and approaches used in connection therewith.

(ii) Following
receipt of the Preliminary Closing Statement, if the Company Shareholders have any objections
to such document as prepared by ListCo (a Dispute), the Company Shareholders
shall deliver written notice to ListCo of such Dispute within thirty (30) days after the
date of such receipt thereof. In the event that the Company Shareholders do not notify ListCo
of a Dispute with respect to the Preliminary Closing Statement within such thirty (30)-day
period, the Preliminary Cash Determination, Preliminary Debt Determination, Preliminary Working
Capital Determination and Preliminary Closing Consideration Determination set forth therein
shall be final and binding as the Closing Date Cash, Closing
Date Debt, Closing Date Working Capital and Closing
Consideration, respectively, for purposes of this Agreement. In the event the
Company Shareholders deliver written notice of a such Dispute within such thirty (30)-day
period, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such dispute. If the parties,
notwithstanding such good faith effort, fail to resolve such Dispute within fifteen (15)
days after the Company Shareholders provide written notice to ListCo of their objections,
and such Dispute involves a dollar amount (i) of less than $7,500, then such Dispute shall
be resolved in a final and binding manner by selecting the midpoint between the disputed
amounts or (ii) equal to or in excess of $7,500, then the parties shall engage the Auditors
to conduct a review of Company Shareholders objections to the Preliminary Cash Determination,
Preliminary Debt Determination, Preliminary Working Capital Determination and Preliminary
Closing Consideration Determination, as the case may be, as promptly as reasonably practicable
(such review to be completed not later than thirty (30) days after the Auditors are requested
to conduct such review) and, upon completion of such review, to deliver written notice to
the parties setting forth the Auditors resolution of such objections and the resulting
adjustments shall be deemed finally determined. The Auditors role in completing such
review shall be limited to resolving such objections and determining the correct calculations
to be used with respect to only the disputed portions of the Preliminary Closing Statement,
and the Auditors may not assign a value to any disputed item greater than the greatest value
for such disputed item claimed by the parties or less than the smallest value for such item
claimed by the parties. In resolving such objections, the Auditors shall apply the provisions
of this Agreement concerning determination of the amounts set forth in the Preliminary Closing
Statement and the decision of the Auditors shall be solely based on (i) whether such item
objected to was prepared in accordance with the guidelines set forth in this Agreement concerning
determination of the amounts set forth therein or (ii) whether the item objected to contains
a mathematical or clerical error. Preliminary Cash Determination, Preliminary Debt Determination,
Preliminary Working Capital Determination and Preliminary Closing Consideration Determination
as agreed by ListCo and the Company Shareholders or as determined by the Auditors, as the
case may be, shall be final and binding as the Closing Date Cash, Closing
Date Debt, Closing Date Working Capital and Closing
Consideration, respectively, for purposes of this Agreement.

(iii) The
parties hereto shall make available to the Auditors (if applicable), such books, records
and other information (including work papers) that the Auditors may reasonably request in
order to review the Preliminary Closing Statement. The fees and expenses of the Auditors
hereunder shall be paid by ListCo, on the one hand, and the Company Shareholders on the other
hand, based on the percentage which the portion of the contested amount not awarded to each
party bears to the amount actually contested by or on behalf of such party.

(d)
Purchase Price Adjustment Payment. Promptly (but not later than two (2) Business Days) after the final determination of the Closing
Date Cash, Closing Date Debt, Closing Date Working Capital and Closing Consideration, the parties shall take the following actions, as
applicable:

(i)
if the Closing Consideration as finally determined exceeds the Estimated Closing Consideration, then ListCo shall pay (or cause to be
paid) to the Company Shareholders, by wire transfer of immediately available funds a dollar amount equal to the amount of such excess;

(ii)
if the Estimated Closing Consideration exceeds the Closing Consideration as finally determined (such amount, the Shortfall
Amount), then Company Shareholders shall pay to ListCo, by wire transfer of immediately available funds a dollar amount equal
to the Shortfall Amount to the bank account or accounts specified by Purchaser; provided, however, that, Purchaser shall
first satisfy the Shortfall Amount (or any portion thereof) from the Indemnification Holdback Amount; and

(iii)
if the Estimated Closing Consideration is equal to the Closing Consideration as finally determined, then no payments shall be made by
the parties.

(iv)
Any payments made will constitute an adjustment to the Closing Consideration for Tax purposes.

3.
Definitions.

(a)
The Parties agree that the following definitions are added to Article I:

(i) Auditors
means an
independent accounting firm of regional reputation mutually acceptable to ListCo and Company
Shareholders.

(ii) Cash
and Cash Equivalentsmeans
the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents (including marketable securities and short-term
investments) on hand or in bank accounts, as determined in accordance with GAAP, net of any
outstanding checks, wires and bank overdrafts.

(i) Closing
Date Working Capitalmeans
Working Capital as of 11:59pm Eastern Time on the Business Day immediately preceding the
Closing Date.

(ii) Closing
Date Working Capital Adjustment Amountmeans
(i) if the Closing Date Working Capital is greater than the Target Working Capital, the positive
amount equal to the Closing Date Working Capital minus the Target Working Capital,
(ii) if the Closing Date Working Capital is less than the Target Working Capital, the negative
amount equal to Closing Date Working Capital minus the Target Working Capital, or
(iii) if Closing Date Working Capital is equal to the Target Working Capital, Zero Dollars
($0).

(iii) Target
Working Capitalmeans
negative $858,564.00.

(iv) Working
Capitalmeans
(a) current assets of the Company taken as a whole, minus (b) the current liabilities
of the Company taken as a whole, in each case, calculated consistently with the methodology
used in the Financial Statements; provided that Working Capital will exclude any amounts
specifically included in Closing Date Debt and Closing Date Cash but will include any accrued
income tax liabilities of the Company during the Interim Period.

(b)
The Parties agree that the following definitions are deleted from Article I: Aggregate Fully Diluted Company Shares
and Conversion Ratio.

4.
Taxes. Section 8.06(d) of the Agreement is amended by adding the following sentence to the end of the existing language: Notwithstanding
the foregoing, ListCo shall be responsible for any portion of the accrued Taxes pertaining to the Companys operations prior to
the Closing that were included in the Closing Date Debt or the Closing Date Working Capital Adjustment Amount.

5.
Execution. This Letter Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Letter Agreement or any counterpart provision may be executed and
delivered by facsimile copies or delivered by electronic communications by portable document format (.pdf) each of which will be deemed
an original.

6.
Ratification of Acquisition Agreement. Except as set forth herein, the Acquisition Agreement remains unchanged and is hereby ratified
and confirmed.

7.
Governing Law. This Letter Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction).

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement, please so confirm by signing a copy of this Letter Agreement below.

Very truly yours,

BANZAI INTERNATIONAL

By: 

Joseph Davy

Chief Executive Officer

Agreed
and accepted as of the date first above written.

VIDELLO
LIMITED

By: 

Soutchay-Joshua Rattanong 

Chief Executive Officer 

COMPANY
SHAREHOLDERS

By: 

Thomas Luca Dolso 

By: 

Soutchay-Joshua Rattanong 

By: 

Lenka Rattanong 

By: 

Miroslav Dobes
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

NEITHER
THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR
THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES.

BANZAI
INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Convertible
Promissory Note

Original
Principal Amount: $3,500,000

Issuance
Date: January 30, 2025

Number:
BNZI-4

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, BANZAI INTERNATIONAL, INC., an entity organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company),
hereby promises to pay to the order of YA II PN, LTD., or its registered assigns (the Holder), the amount set out
above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to repayment, redemption, conversion or otherwise,
the Principal) and premium due thereon, as applicable, in each case when due, and to pay interest (Interest)
on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate (as defined below) from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the
Issuance Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date or acceleration, conversion,
redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section
(13). The Issuance Date is the date of the first issuance of this Convertible Promissory Note (the Note) regardless
of the number of transfers and regardless of the number of instruments, which may be issued to evidence such Note. This Note was issued
with a 10% original issue discount.

(1) GENERAL
TERMS

(a) Funding.
On the Issuance Date, upon the execution and delivery of this Note and the closing statement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II
executed by the Company, the Holder shall pay to the Company the Original Principal Amount, less a discount equal to 10% of the Original
Principal Amount, netted from the purchase price due and structured as an original issue discount (the Original Issue Discount),
in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing, and the Company shall deliver the Note to the Holder
with a Principal amount equal to the full Original Principal Amount set forth above, duly executed on behalf of the Company. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that the Original Issue Discount (i) shall not be funded but shall be deemed to be fully earned upon issuance
of the Note, and (ii) shall not reduce the principal amount of the Note.

(b) Maturity
Date. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, accrued
and unpaid Interest, and any other amounts outstanding pursuant to the terms of this Note. The Maturity Date shall
be July 31, 2025, as may be extended at the option of the Holder. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may
not prepay or redeem any portion of the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest.

(c) Interest
Rate and Payment of Interest. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal balance hereof at an annual rate equal to 0% for
the first 90 days following the Issuance Date, and 6% thereafter (Interest Rate), which Interest Rate shall increase
to an annual rate of 18% upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (for so long as such event remains uncured). Interest shall be calculated
based on a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

(d) Installment
Payments. Beginning on the 30th day from the Issuance Date, and continuing on the same day of each successive Calendar
Month thereafter, (each, an Installment Date), the Company shall repay a portion of the outstanding balance of this
Note in an amount equal to the sum of (i) $1,000,000 of Principal (or the outstanding Principal if less than such amount), plus (ii)
a payment premium (in an amount equal to 4% of the Principal amount being paid (the Payment Premium), and (iii)
accrued and unpaid interest hereunder as of each Installment Date (collectively, the Installment Amount). With respect
to the payment of any Installment Amount by the Company hereunder, the Company shall, at its own option, repay each Installment Amount
either (A) in cash on or before the Installment Date, or (B) by submitting an Advance Notice (as defined in the SEPA) (an Advance
Repayment), or a series of Advance Notices, each with an Advance Date (as defined in the SEPA) on or before the applicable
Installment Date, or any combination of (i) or (ii) as determined by the Company. In respect of any Installment Amount, or portion thereof,
to be repaid by the Company in accordance with (A) of this Section, the Company shall pay to the Holder such Installment Amount to the
Holder by wire transfer of immediately available funds in cash on or before such Installment Date. If the Company elects an Advance Repayment
in accordance with (B) of this Section, for all or a portion of an Installment Amount, then the Company shall deliver an Advance Notice
to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SEPA, that will have an Advance Date on or before the applicable Installment
Date. Upon the closing of such Advance Notice in accordance with the SEPA, the Holder shall offset the amount due to be paid by the Holder
to the Company under the SEPA against an equal amount of the Installment Amount to be paid by the Advance Repayment. If, on the Installment
Date any portion of the Installment Amount remains unpaid, the Company shall repay such outstanding Payment Amount as a cash repayment
pursuant to (A) of this Section 4. Unless otherwise agreed by the Holder, any Advance Notice delivered to the Holder while this Note
remains outstanding, shall be treated as an Advance Repayment with the proceeds of any such Advance Notice due to be paid to the Company
first used to repay any outstanding balance under this Note before any proceeds shall be paid to the Company.

2

For
so long as this Note is outstanding, with respect to any Advance Notice submitted by the Company, the Company shall select an Option
2 Pricing Period (as defined in the SEPA), unless otherwise agreed by the Holder.

(e) Optional
Redemption. The Company at its option shall have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem (Optional Redemption)
early a portion or all amounts outstanding under this Note as described in this Section; provided that (i) the Company provides
the Holder with at least 10 Trading Days prior written notice (each, a Redemption Notice) of its desire to
exercise an Optional Redemption, and (ii) on the date the Redemption Notice is issued, the VWAP of the Common Stock is less than the
Conversion Price. Each Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the outstanding balance of the Note to be redeemed and
the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount shall be equal to the outstanding Principal balance being redeemed
by the Company, plus the payment premium equal to 4%, plus all accrued and unpaid interest. After receipt of the Redemption Notice, the
Holder shall have 10 Trading Days to elect to convert all or any portion of the Note. On the 11th Trading Day after the Redemption Notice,
the Company shall deliver to the Holder the Redemption Amount with respect to the Principal amount redeemed after giving effect to conversions
or other payments effected during the 10 Trading Day period.

(f) Payment
Dates. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be
made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(2) REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees in favor of, Holder that:

(a) The
Company is a corporation duly formed, existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with full and adequate corporate
power to carry on and conduct its business as presently conducted. The Company is duly licensed or qualified in all foreign jurisdictions
wherein the nature of its activities requires such qualification or licensing, except where the failure to be so licensed would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The exact legal name of the Company is as set forth in the first paragraph
of this Note, and the Company currently does not conduct business under any other name or trade name.

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the articles of incorporation
or other organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a
violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable
to the Company. All necessary and appropriate corporate action has been taken on the part of the Company to authorize the execution,
delivery and performance of this Note.

3

(c) This
Note is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject
to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally and to general principles
of equity.

(d) SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. For the one-year prior to the date hereof, the Company has timely filed (giving effect to permissible
extensions in accordance with Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) all SEC Documents. The Company has delivered or made available to the
Investor through the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, as applicable. Except
as disclosed in amendments or subsequent filings to the SEC Documents, as of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing
prior to the date hereof, on the date of such amended or superseded filing), each of the SEC Documents complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

(e) Equity
Capitalization.

(i) Authorized
and Outstanding Capital Stock. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 275,000,000 shares
of common stock par value $0.0001 per share (250,000,000 Class A Common Stock and 25,000,000 Class B Common Stock) of which, as of the
date of this Note (i) 6,982,303 shares of Class A Common Stock are issued and outstanding and (ii) 2,311,134 shares of Class B Common
Stock are issued and outstanding.

(ii) Valid
Issuance Available Shares. All of such outstanding shares are duly authorized and have been validly issued and are fully paid
and nonassessable.

(f) Rights
of First Refusal. The Company is not obligated to offer this Note or the Underlying Shares offered hereunder on a right of first
refusal basis to any third parties including, but not limited to, current or former shareholders of the Company, underwriters, brokers,
agents or other third parties.

(g) Sanctions
Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer or controlled
affiliate of the Company or any director or officer of any Subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that
is (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Asset Control
(OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant
sanctions authorities, including, without limitation, designation on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons
List or OFACs Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with
that country or territory (including, without limitation, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions, the Donetsk Peoples Republic
and Luhansk Peoples Republic in Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Sudan and Syria (the Sanctioned Countries)).
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds from this Note, or lend, contribute or
otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person (a) for the purpose of funding or facilitating
any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is
the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country, or (b) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions or Applicable
Laws by any Person (including any Person participating in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether as underwriter, advisor,
investor or otherwise).

4

(h) Current
Report. The Company shall, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day after the date of this Note,
file with the Commission a current report on Form 8-K describing all the material terms of the transactions contemplated by this Note
in the form required by the Exchange (including any exhibits thereto, the Current Report), which Current Report
shall include all material, nonpublic information required to be disclosed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Note.

(i) No
Variable Rate Transactions. During the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the date upon which this Note has been repaid
or converted in full, the Company shall not (A) repay any loans to any executives or employees of the Company or to make any payments
in respect of any related party debt, or (B) effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
of Common Shares or any security which entitles the holder to acquire Common Shares (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable
Rate Transaction, other than involving a Variable Rate Transaction with the Holder. The Investor shall be entitled to seek injunctive
relief against the Company and its Subsidiaries to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect
damages, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

(j)
Demand Rights. The Company, upon written demand (Demand Notice) from the Holder, agrees to register all of the
Underlying Shares. The Company shall within 30 calendar days after the date of such Demand Notice, file with the SEC (at the Companys
sole cost and expense) a registration statement registering the resale of the Underlying Shares (the Registration Statement),
and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective as soon as practicable
after the filing thereof. If the SEC prevents the Company from including any or all of the Underlying Shares proposed to be registered
for resale under the Registration Statement due to limitations on the use of Rule 415 of the Securities Act for the resale of the Companys
securities by the applicable shareholders or otherwise, (i) such Registration Statement shall register for resale such number of the
Company securities which is equal to the maximum number of the Company securities as is permitted by the SEC and (ii) the number of the
Company securities to be registered for each selling shareholder named in the Registration Statement shall be reduced pro rata among
all such selling shareholders and as promptly as practicable after being permitted to register additional underlying Shares under Rule
415 under the Securities Act, the Company shall file a new Registration Statement to register such shares not included in the initial
Registration Statement and cause such Registration Statement to become effective as promptly as practicable consistent with the terms
of this Section 2(j). The Company will use reasonable efforts to provide a draft of the Registration Statement to the Holder for review
reasonably in advance of filing the Registration Statement.

5

(3) EVENTS
OF DEFAULT.

(a) An
Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason and whether it
shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order,
rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i) The
Companys failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Redemption Amount, Payment Premium, Interest, or other amounts
when and as due under this Note or any other Transaction Document within five (5) Trading Days after such payment is due;

(ii) The
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall commence, or there shall be commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution,
insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company, any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of sixty one (61) days; or
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any
such case or proceeding is entered; or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company suffers any appointment of any custodian, private
or court appointed receiver or the like for it or all or substantially all of its property which continues undischarged or unstayed for
a period of sixty one (61) days; or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company makes a general assignment of all or substantially all
of its assets for the benefit of creditors; or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall fail to pay, or shall state that it
is unable to pay, or shall be unable to pay, its debts generally as they become due; or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts; or the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company shall by any act or failure to act expressly indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in
any of the foregoing; or any corporate or other action is taken by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of effecting
any of the foregoing;

6

(iii) The
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall default beyond applicable grace and cure periods, in any of its obligations under any
debenture, mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there
may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing
or factoring arrangement of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in an amount exceeding $500,000, whether such indebtedness now
exists or shall hereafter be created and such default is not cured within the time prescribed by the documents governing such indebtedness
or if no time is prescribed, within ten (10) Trading Days, and as a result, such indebtedness becomes or is declared due and payable;

(iv) A
final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $500,000 are rendered against the Company and/or any of
its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed
pending appeal, or are not discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which
is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $100,000 amount set forth
above so long as the Company provides the Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company
or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance
of such judgment;

(v) The
Common Shares shall cease to be quoted or listed for trading, as applicable, on any Primary Market for a period of ten (10) consecutive
Trading Days;

(vi) The
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction (as defined in Section (13)) unless in
connection with such Change of Control Transaction this Note is retired;

(vii) The
Companys (A) failure to deliver the required number of Common Shares to the Holder within two (2) Trading Days after the applicable
Share Delivery Date or (B) notice, written or oral, to any holder of the Note, including by way of public announcement, at any time,
of its intention not to comply with a request for conversion of any Note into Common Shares that is tendered in accordance with the provisions
of the Note;

(viii) The
Company shall fail for any reason to deliver the payment in cash pursuant to a Buy-In (as defined herein) within five (5) Business Days
after such payment is due;

(ix) The
Companys failure to timely file with the Commission any Periodic Report on or before the due date of such filing as established
by the Commission, it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that due date includes any permitted filing deadline extension under
Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act;

(x) Any
material representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by or on behalf of the Company in or in connection with this Note, or any
waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect (or, in the case of any such representation
or warranty already qualified by materiality, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect) when made or deemed
made;

7

(xi) The
Company uses the proceeds of the issuance of this Note, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately,
to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time
to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof), or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing
or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose;

(xii) The
Company shall fail to observe or perform any material covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any material
breach or default of any provision of this Note (except as may be covered by Section (3)(a)(i) through Section 3(a)(xi) hereof) which
is not cured or remedied within the time prescribed or if no time is prescribed within ten (10) Business Days.

(b) During
the time that any portion of this Note is outstanding, if any Event of Default has occurred (other than an event with respect to the
Company described in Section (3)(a)(ii)), the full unpaid Principal amount of this Note, together with interest and other amounts owing
in respect thereof, to the date of acceleration shall become at the Holders election given by notice pursuant to Section (6),
immediately due and payable in cash; provided that, in the case of any event with respect to the Company described in Section (3)(a)(ii),
the full unpaid Principal amount of this Note, together with interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof to the date of acceleration,
shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby waived by the Company. Furthermore, in addition to any other remedies, the Holder shall have the right (but not the obligation)
to convert, on one or more occasions all or part of the Note in accordance with Section (4) (and subject to the limitations set out in
Section 4(c)) at any time after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing until all amounts outstanding under this Note have
been repaid in full. The Holder need not provide and the Company hereby waives any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any
kind, (other than required notice of conversion) and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder
and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by the Holder in writing
at any time prior to payment hereunder. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right
consequent thereon.

(4) CONVERSION
OF NOTE. This Note shall be convertible into shares of the Companys Common Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth
in this Section (4).

(a) Conversion
Right. Subject to the limitations of Section (4)(c), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled
to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into fully paid and nonassessable Common Shares in accordance
with Section (4)(b), at the Conversion Price. The number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant
to this Section (4)(a) shall be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price. The Company shall not
issue any fraction of a share of Common Shares upon any conversion. All calculations under this Section (4) shall be rounded to the nearest
$0.0001. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Shares, the Company shall round such fraction
of a share of Common Shares up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes that may
be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Shares upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.

8

(b) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) Optional
Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into Common Shares on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder
shall (A) transmit by email (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York Time, on such date, a copy of an
executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Conversion Notice) to the Company
and (B) if required by Section (4)(b)(iii), surrender this Note to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to
the Company (or an indemnification undertaking reasonably satisfactory to the Company with respect to this Note in the case of its loss,
theft or destruction). On or before the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice (the Share
Delivery Date), the Company shall (X) if legends are not required to be placed on certificates of Common Shares and provided
that the Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Companys (DTC) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer Program, credit such aggregate number of Common Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holders or its designees
balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in
the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate,
registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Common Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled which certificates
shall not bear any restrictive legends unless required pursuant to rules and regulations of the Commission. If this Note is physically
surrendered for conversion and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the Principal portion of the Conversion Amount
being converted, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt of this
Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person
or Persons entitled to receive the Common Shares issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such Common Shares upon the transmission of a Conversion Notice.

(ii) Companys
Failure to Timely Convert. If within three (3) Trading Days after the Companys receipt of an email copy of a Conversion Notice
the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder or credit the Holders balance account with DTC for the
number of Common Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon such holders conversion of any Conversion Amount (a Conversion
Failure), and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Shares
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Common Shares issuable upon such conversion that the Holder anticipated receiving
from the Company (a Buy-In), then the Company shall, within three (3) Business Days after the Holders request
and in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions and other out of pocket expenses, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased (the Buy-In Price),
at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Common Shares) shall terminate, or (ii)
promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Common Shares and pay cash to
the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Common Shares, times
(B) the Closing Price on the Conversion Date.

9

(iii) Book-Entry.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (A) the full Conversion Amount represented by
this Note is being converted or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a
Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the Principal and Interest converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion.

(c) Limitations
on Conversions.

(i) Beneficial
Ownership. The Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note to the extent that after giving effect to such
conversion, the Holder, together with any affiliate thereof, would beneficially own (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 4.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after
giving effect to such conversion or receipt of shares as payment of interest. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the
Company the number of Common Shares it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder, unless the conversion at issue would result in
the issuance of Common Shares in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding Common Shares without regard to any other shares which may be
beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof, the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the
restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that
the limitation contained in this Section applies, the determination of which portion of the Principal amount of this Note is convertible
shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a Principal amount of this
Note that, without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own, would result in the issuance in
excess of the permitted amount hereunder, the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum
Principal amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date in accordance with Section (4)(a) and, any Principal amount tendered
for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder shall remain outstanding under this Note. The provisions of this Section may
be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other
Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.

(ii) Compliance
with Rules of Principal Market. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not issue any Common Shares under
this Note to the extent (but only to the extent) that after giving effect to such issuance the aggregate number of Common Shares issued
under this Note would exceed 19.99% of the aggregate number of Common Shares issued and outstanding as of the Issuance Date of this Note,
which number shall be reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number of Common Shares issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction
or series of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Note under the applicable rules of the rules
or regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq) (such maximum number of shares, the Exchange
Cap) unless the Companys stockholders have approved the issuance of Common Shares pursuant to this Note in excess of
the Exchange Cap in accordance with the applicable rules of the Nasdaq.

10

(d) Other
Provisions.

(i) All
calculations under this Note shall be rounded to the nearest $0.0001 or whole share.

(ii) So
long as this Note remains outstanding, the Company shall have reserved from its duly authorized share capital, and shall have instructed
its transfer agent to irrevocably reserve, the maximum number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note (without taking
into account any limitations on the conversion of the Note) (the Required Reserve Amount), provided that at no time
shall the number of Common Shares reserved pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(ii) be reduced other than proportionally with respect to all
Common Shares in connection with any conversion (other than pursuant to the conversion of this Note) and/or cancellation, or reverse
stock split. If at any time the number of Common Shares authorized but unissued and not otherwise reserved for issuance (including (i)
in relation to equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for or that can be settled in Common Shares
(other than the Note) and (ii) Common Shares remaining available for issuance under the Companys equity incentive plans) is not
sufficient to meet the Required Reserve Amount, the Company will promptly take all corporate action necessary to propose to its general
meeting of shareholders an increase of its authorized share capital necessary to meet the Companys obligations pursuant to this
Note, recommending that shareholders vote in favor of such an increase.

(iii) Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section (2) herein for
the Companys failure to deliver certificates representing Common Shares upon conversion within the period specified herein and
such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of
specific performance and/or injunctive relief, in each case without the need to post a bond or provide other security. The exercise of
any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

(iv) Legal
Opinions. The Company is obligated to cause its legal counsel to deliver legal opinions to the Companys transfer agent in
connection with any legend removal upon the expiration of any holding period and satisfaction of other requirements for which the Underlying
Shares may bear legends restricting the transfer thereof. To the extent that such requirements have been satisfied and a legal opinion
is not provided (either timely or at all), then the Company agrees to reimburse the Holder for all reasonable costs incurred by the Holder
in connection with any legal opinions paid for by the Holder in connection with sale or transfer of Underlying Common Shares. The Holder
shall notify the Company of any such costs and expenses it incurs that are referred to in this section from time to time and all amounts
owed hereunder shall be paid by the Company with reasonable promptness.

11

(e) Adjustment
of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Shares. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding,
shall (a) pay a stock dividend or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Shares or any other equity or
equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares, (b) subdivide outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (c) combine
(including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (d) issue by reclassification
of Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then each of the Conversion Price and the Floor Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such
event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to
this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such
dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or
re-classification.

(f) Other
Corporate Events. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental
Transaction pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange
for Common Shares (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure that the Holder will
thereafter have the right to receive upon a conversion of this Note, at the Holders option, (i) in addition to the Common Shares
receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which the Holder would have been entitled with respect to such Common
Shares had such Common Shares been held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without taking into account any
limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note) or (ii) in lieu of the Common Shares otherwise receivable upon such conversion,
such securities or other assets received by the holders of Common Shares in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event
in such amounts as the Holder would have been entitled to receive had this Note initially been issued with conversion rights for the
form of such consideration (as opposed to Common Shares) at a conversion rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion
Price. Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Holder. The provisions
of this Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive Corporate Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations
on the conversion or redemption of this Note.

(g) Whenever
the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to Section (4) hereof, the Company shall promptly provide the Holder with a written notice
setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(h) In
case of any (1) merger or consolidation of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company with or into another Person that results in a
Change of Control of the Company as defined in Section 13(f), or (2) sale by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company of more than
one-half of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, a Holder shall have the right to (A) exercise any rights
under Section (3)(a)(xii), (B) convert the aggregate amount of this Note then outstanding into the shares of stock and other securities,
cash and property receivable upon or deemed to be held by holders of Common Shares following such merger, consolidation or sale, and
such Holder shall be entitled upon such event or series of related events to receive such amount of securities, cash and property as
the Common Shares into which such aggregate Principal amount of this Note could have been converted immediately prior to such merger,
consolidation or sales would have been entitled, or (C) in the case of a merger or consolidation, require the surviving entity to issue
to the Holder a convertible Note with a Principal amount equal to the aggregate Principal amount of this Note then held by such Holder,
plus all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owing thereon, which such newly issued convertible Note shall have terms identical
(including with respect to conversion) to the terms of this Note, and shall be entitled to all of the rights and privileges of the Holder
of this Note set forth herein and the agreements pursuant to which this Note was issued. In the case of clause (C), the conversion price
applicable for the newly issued shares of convertible preferred stock or convertible debentures shall be based upon the amount of securities,
cash and property that each Common Shares would receive in such transaction and the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the
effectiveness or closing date for such transaction. The terms of any such merger, sale or consolidation shall include such terms so as
to continue to give the Holder the right to receive the securities, cash and property set forth in this Section upon any conversion or
redemption following such event. This provision shall similarly apply to successive such events.

12

(5) REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
Holder may not transfer this Note without the prior written consent of the Company. If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall
surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in
accordance with Section (5)(d)), registered in the name of the registered transferee or assignee, representing the outstanding Principal
being transferred by the Holder (along with any accrued and unpaid interest thereof) and, if less then the entire outstanding Principal
is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section (5)(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred.
The Holder and any permitted assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion or redemption of any
portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section (5)(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section (5)(d)) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of
this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time
of such surrender.

(d) Issuance
of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms hereof, such new Note (i) shall be of like
tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the
case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section (5)(a) or Section (5)(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when added
to the Principal represented by the other new Note issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding
under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Note), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such
new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall
represent accrued and unpaid Interest from the Issuance Date.

13

(6) NOTICES. Any
notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms hereof must be in writing by letter
and email and will be deemed to have been delivered: upon the later of (A) either (i) receipt, when delivered personally or (ii) one
(1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly addressed to
the party to receive the same and (B) receipt, when sent by electronic mail. The addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications
shall be:

If
to the Company, to: 

BANZAI
INTERNATIONAL, INC.

[***]

Attn:Joseph Davy

Telephone:
[***]

Email:
[***]

With
copies (which shall not

constitute
notice or delivery of process) to: 

Hunter
Taubman Fischer & Li LLC

[***]

Attention:Louis Taubman

Telephone:
[***]

E-mail:
[***]

If
to the Holder: YA
II PN, Ltd

[***]

Attention:Mark Angelo

Telephone:
[***]

Email:
[***]

or
at such other address and/or email and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice
given to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given
by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) electronically generated by the senders email service
provider containing the time, date, recipient email address or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service,
shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service
in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

14

(7) Except
as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligations of the Company, which are absolute and
unconditional, to pay the Principal of, interest and other charges (if any) on, this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the currency,
herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of the Company. As long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not and shall
cause their subsidiaries not to, without the consent of the Holder, (i) amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other charter
documents so as to adversely affect any rights of the Holder; or (ii) enter into any agreement, arrangement or transaction in or of which
the terms thereof would materially restrict, materially delay, conflict with or materially impair the ability of the Company to perform
its obligations under the this Note, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to make cash payments hereunder.

(8) This
Note shall not entitle the Holder to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including without limitation, the right to vote,
to receive dividends and other distributions, or to receive any notice of, or to attend, meetings of stockholders or any other proceedings
of the Company, unless and to the extent converted into Common Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.

(9) CHOICE
OF LAW; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

(a) Governing
Law. This Note and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall, in all respects, be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws (excluding the principles of conflict of laws) of the State of New York (the Governing Jurisdiction)
(including Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), including all matters of construction,
validity and performance.

(b) Jurisdiction;
Venue; Service.

(i) The
Company hereby irrevocably consents to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state courts of the Governing Jurisdiction and,
if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of any United States District Court for the Governing
Jurisdiction.

(ii) The
Company agrees that venue shall be proper in any court of the Governing Jurisdiction selected by the Holder or, if a basis for federal
jurisdiction exists, in any United States District Court in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company waives any right to object to the
maintenance of any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract
or in tort or otherwise, in any of the state or federal courts of the Governing Jurisdiction on the basis of improper venue or inconvenience
of forum.

15

(iii) Any
suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or tort or otherwise,
brought by the Company against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction
Document, or any contemplated transaction, shall be brought in a court only in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company shall not file
any counterclaim against the Holder in any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Holder against the Company in
a jurisdiction outside of the Governing Jurisdiction unless under the rules of the court in which the Holder brought such suit, claim,
action, litigation or proceeding the counterclaim is mandatory, and not permissive, and would be considered waived unless filed as a
counterclaim in the suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding instituted by the Holder against the Company. The Company agrees that
any forum outside the Governing Jurisdiction is an inconvenient forum and that any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought
by the Company against the Holder in any court outside the Governing Jurisdiction should be dismissed or transferred to a court located
in the Governing Jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Company irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not bring or commence any
suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or
otherwise, against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction Document,
or any contemplated transaction, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and the United
States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto
irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, claim,
action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State Court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, in such federal court. The Company and the Holder agree that a final judgment in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

(iv) The
Company and the Holder irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, claim,
action, litigation or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail postage prepaid, to it at the address
provided for notices in this Note, such service to become effective thirty (30) days after the date of mailing.

(v) Nothing
herein shall affect the right of the Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or
to otherwise proceed against the Company or any other Person in the Governing Jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction.

(c) THE
PARTIES MUTUALLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS NOTE OR ANY MATTER RELATING
TO THIS NOTE, OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS IS A WAIVER OF A
LEGAL RIGHT AND THAT THE PARTIES EACH MAKE THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY AFTER CONSULTATION WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE
CHOICE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE OF A COURT HAVING JURISDICTION, WITHOUT A JURY.

(10) If
the Company fails to strictly comply with the terms of this Note, then the Company shall reimburse the Holder promptly for all fees,
costs and expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in any action in connection
with this Note, including, without limitation, those incurred: (i) during any workout, attempted workout, and/or in connection with the
rendering of legal advice as to the Holders rights, remedies and obligations, (ii) collecting any sums which become due to the
Holder, (iii) defending or prosecuting any proceeding or any counterclaim to any proceeding or appeal; or (iv) the protection, preservation
or enforcement of any rights or remedies of the Holder.

16

(11) Any
waiver by the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach
of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to
any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist
upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note. Any waiver must be in writing.

(12) If
any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision
is inapplicable to any person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances. If it
shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder shall violate applicable laws governing usury, the applicable
rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum permitted rate of interest. The Company covenants
(to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take
the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all
or any portion of the Principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this indenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so)
hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder,
delay or impeded the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though
no such law has been enacted.

(13) CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Bloomberg
means Bloomberg Financial Markets.

(b) Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day
on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or other government action to close.

(c) Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section (4)(b)(ii).

(d) Buy-In
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (4)(b)(ii).

(e) Calendar
Month means one of the months as named in the calendar.

17

(f) Change
of Control Transaction means the occurrence of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or
group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal
or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the voting
power of the Company (except that the acquisition of voting securities by the Holder or any other current holder of convertible securities
of the Company shall not constitute a Change of Control Transaction for purposes hereof), (b) a replacement at one time or over time
of more than one-half of the members of the board of directors of the Company (other than as due to the death or disability of a member
of the board of directors) which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the board of directors on the
date hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the board of directors on any date whose nomination to the board of
directors was approved by a majority of the members of the board of directors who are members on the date hereof), (c) the merger, consolidation
or sale of fifty percent (50%) or more of the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in one or a series of related transactions
with or into another entity, or (d) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound,
providing for any of the events set forth above in (a), (b) or (c). No transfer to a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall be deemed a Change
of Control Transaction under this provision.

(g) Closing
Price means the price per share in the last reported trade of the Common Shares on a Primary Market or on the exchange which
the Common Shares are then listed as quoted by Bloomberg.

(h) Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

(i) Common
Share Equivalents shall mean any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries which entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares

(j) Common
Shares means the Class A common stock, par value $0.0001, of the Company and stock of any other class into which such shares
may hereafter be changed or reclassified.

(k) Conversion
Amount s means the portion of the Principal, Interest, or other amounts outstanding under this Note to be converted, redeemed
or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made.

(l) Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (4)(b)(i).

(m) Conversion
Failure shall have the meaning set forth in Section (4)(b)(ii).

(n) Conversion
Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section (4)(b)(i).

(o) Conversion
Price means, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, (i) $2.00 per Common Share, as shall be adjusted from
time to time pursuant to the other terms and conditions of this Note.

(p) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

18

(q) Fundamental
Transaction means any of the following: (1) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or
into another Person and the Company is the non-surviving company (other than a merger or consolidation with a wholly owned Subsidiary
of the Company for the purpose of redomiciling the Company), (2) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets
in one or a series of related transactions, (3) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed
pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or
(4) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares
is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property.

(r) Periodic
Reports shall mean the Companys (reports required to be filed by the Company with the Commission under applicable laws
and regulations (including, without limitation, Regulation S-K) for so long as any amounts are outstanding under this Note; provided
that all such Periodic Reports shall include, when filed, all information, financial statements, audit reports (when applicable)
and other information required to be included in such Periodic Reports in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

(s) Person
means a corporation, an association, a partnership, organization, a business, an individual, a government or political subdivision thereof
or a governmental agency.

(t) Primary
Market means any of The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or
the Nasdaq Global Select Market, and any successor to any of the foregoing markets or exchanges.

(u) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(v) SEPA
means the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2023 (as may be amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented
or otherwise modified in writing from time to time), between the Company and the YA II PN, Ltd., as the Investor.

(w) Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

(x) Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total
voting power of shares of capital stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence
of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled,
directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person; (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiary of such Person; or (iii) one or more Subsidiary
of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as Subsidiaries.

(y) Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Shares are quoted or traded on a Primary Market on which the Common Shares are then quoted
or listed; provided, that in the event that the Common Shares are not listed or quoted, then Trading Day shall mean a Business Day.

19

(z) Underlying
Shares means the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof.

(aa) Variable
Rate Transaction shall mean a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents
that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional Common Shares either (A) at a
conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations
for the Common Shares at any time after the initial issuance of Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, or (B) with a conversion,
exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such equity or debt security
or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market
for the Common Shares (including, without limitation, any full ratchet, share ratchet, price ratchet,
or weighted average anti-dilution provisions, but not including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization,
recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar transaction), or (ii) enters into any agreement, including but not
limited to an equity line of credit or other continuous offering or similar offering of Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents.
For the avoidance of doubt, an offering by the Company of securities pursuant to an effective registration statement (including on a
Form S-3) at prevailing market prices at the time of any sale thereunder is expressly not a Variable Rate Transaction for purposes of
this Note.

(bb) VWAP
means, for any security as of any date, the daily dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Primary Market during
regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg through its Historical Prices Px Table with Average Daily Volume
functions.

[Signature
Page Follows]

20

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Convertible Promissory Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the
date set forth above.

COMPANY:

BANZAI
INTERNATIONAL, INC.

By: 

Name:
Joseph
Davy

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
I

CONVERSION
NOTICE

(To
be executed by the Holder in order to Convert the Note)

TO:
BANZAI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Via
Email:

The
undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert a portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount of Note No. BNZI-4
into Common Shares of BANZAI INTERNATIONAL, INC., according to the conditions stated therein, as of the Conversion Date written
below.

Conversion
Date: 

Principal
Amount to be Converted: 

Accrued
Interest to be Converted: 

Total
Conversion Amount to be converted: 

Conversion
Price: 

Number
of Common Shares to be issued: 

Please
issue the Common Shares in the following name and deliver them to the following account:

Issue
to: 

Broker
DTC Participant Code: 

Account
Number: 

Authorized
Signature: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
II

CLOSING
STATEMENT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bnzi-20250131.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bnzi-20250131_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bnzi-20250131_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bnzi-20250131_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 31, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 31, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-39826

Entity Registrant Name Banzai
International, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001826011

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3118980

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 435
Ericksen Ave

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 250

Entity Address, City or Town Bainbridge
Island

Entity Address, State or Province WA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98110

City Area Code (206)

Local Phone Number 414-1777

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol BNZI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol BNZIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BNZI_ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BNZI_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://banzai.io/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bnzi-20250131.xsd 
bnzi-20250131_def.xml 
bnzi-20250131_lab.xml 
bnzi-20250131_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004502-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001826011 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

0001826011 

BNZI:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

0001826011 

BNZI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001826011 
8-K 
2025-01-31 
Banzai International, Inc. 
DE 
001-39826 
85-3118980 
435 Ericksen Ave 
Suite 250 
Bainbridge Island 
WA 
98110 
(206) 
414-1777 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
BNZI 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 
BNZIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>