<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-030027.txt : 20250220
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-030027.hdr.sgml : 20250220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250220060359
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-030027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Parker-Hannifin Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000076334
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTS [3490]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				340451060
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04982
		FILM NUMBER:		25643111

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6035 PARKLAND BOULEVARD
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44124-4141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2168963000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6035 PARKLAND BOULEVARD
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44124-4141

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PARKER HANNIFIN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PARKER APPLIANCE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670907
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d862439d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Parker-Hannifin Corpfalse000007633400000763342025-02-202025-02-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 20, 2025

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ohio 1-4982 34-0451060

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

6035 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (216)896-3000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

on which Registered

Common Shares, $.50 par value PH New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

On February 20, 2025, Parker-Hannifin Corporation (Parker or the Company) completed its previously announced registered offering of 700 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.900% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes). The Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of September 5, 2023, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee), as supplemented by an Officers Certificate relating to the Notes, dated February 20, 2025 (the Officers Certificate). Copies of the Officers Certificate and the form of Note are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. The offering of the Notes was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement (the Registration Statement) on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-274347). A prospectus supplement, dated February 6, 2025, relating to the offering and sale of the Notes was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2025. 

The Notes will bear interest at a rate of 2.900% per annum. Interest on the Notes will be paid annually on March 1 of each year commencing March 1, 2026. 

Prior to February 1, 2030, the Company may redeem some or all of the Notes at the redemption prices described in the prospectus supplement. After such dates, as applicable, the Company may redeem some or all of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. If the Company experiences certain kinds of changes of control, it will be required to offer to purchase the Notes at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 

The Company will, subject to certain exceptions and limitations set forth herein, pay as additional interest on the Notes such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net payment by the Company or the paying agent of the principal of and interest on the Notes to a holder who is not a United States person, after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by the United States or a taxing authority in the United States, will not be less than the amount provided in the Notes to be then due and payable. 

The Notes are subject to redemption in whole at 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including the redemption date at the option of the Company if at any time certain changes affecting taxation in the United States occur and would cause the Company to become obligated to pay additional amounts with respect to the Notes. 

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes, together with cash on hand, to repay its 1.125% Senior Notes due 2025 at maturity. Pending such use, the Company may deposit the net proceeds in interest bearing accounts, invest the net proceeds in short-term securities and/or repay short-term indebtedness. 

The Notes are subject to customary events of default, including failure to make required payments, failure to comply with certain agreements or covenants, failure to pay or acceleration of certain other indebtedness and certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization. 

The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of payment with all of its other senior unsecured debt and senior in right of payment to all of its subordinated debt, and are effectively subordinated to any of the Companys secured debt to the extent of the value of collateral securing such debt. 

Certain of the underwriters of the Notes and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions that have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking, commercial banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company or its affiliates, including acting as lenders under the Companys revolving credit facility. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions or other payments for these transactions. Certain of the underwriters (or affiliates thereof) may also be holders of our 1.125% Senior Notes due 2025 and, as such, may receive a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes. In addition, one of the underwriters is an affiliate of the Trustee. 

In connection with the offering of the Notes, the Company is filing the legal opinion relating to the offering as Exhibit 5.1 to this report and this Current Report on Form 8-K and exhibits thereto are incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description of Exhibits

4.1 

Officers Certificate, relating to the 2.900% Senior Notes due 2030, dated February 20, 2025. 

4.2 Form of 2.900% Global Note due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.1). 

5.1 Opinion of Jones Day. 

23.1 Consent of Jones Day (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover Page Interactive File (the cover page tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION

Date: February 20, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Joseph R. Leonti

Joseph R. Leonti

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d862439dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

PARKER-HANNIFIN
CORPORATION OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

ESTABLISHING TERMS OF NOTES UNDER AN OPEN-ENDED INDENTURE 

Todd M. Leombruno, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Parker-Hannifin Corporation, an Ohio corporation (the
Company), does hereby certify in accordance with Sections 201 and 301 of the Indenture, dated as of September 5, 2023 (the Indenture), with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the
Trustee), as follows (capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are used with the same meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture): 

1. 

Authorization. The establishment of a new series of Securities of the Company has been approved and
authorized in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture pursuant to the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company on January 22-23, 2025 and the Pricing
Committee of the Board on February 6, 2025. 

2. 

Compliance with Covenants and Conditions Precedent. All covenants and conditions precedent provided for
in the Indenture relating to the establishment of such series of Securities have been complied with. 

3. 

Terms. The terms of the series of Securities established pursuant to this Officers Certificate
shall be as follows: 

(a) 

Title: 2.900% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes); 

(b) 

Initial Aggregate Principal Amount: 700,000,000; 

(c) 

Denomination: 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof;

(d) 

Maturity Date: March 1, 2030; 

(e) 

Interest Rate: 2.900% per annum, computed on the basis of the payment convention ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA) as
defined in the rulebook of the International Capital Markets Association; 

(f) 

Interest Payment Date: Annually on March 1 of each year, commencing March 1, 2026;

(g) 

Record Date: Business Day (as defined below) immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date;

(h) 

Paying Agent and Transfer Agent: U.S. Bank Europe DAC, UK Branch; 

(i) 

Registrar: U.S. Bank Europe DAC; 

(j) 

Form of Security: The Notes will be issued in the form of Global Securities, which will be deposited
with, or on behalf of, the Depositary; and 

(k) 

Depositary: Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme.

4. 

The Notes shall have the following additional terms: 

Principal, Interest and Maturity 

Payment
will be made upon presentation of the Notes at the office of the Paying Agent, currently at 125 Old Broad Street, Fifth Floor, London, EC2N 1AR, United Kingdom; provided, however, that payment of interest may be made at the Companys option by
check mailed to the registered holder on the applicable record date at such address as shall appear in the security register or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account 

specified in writing by such holder to the Company, the Paying Agent and the trustee prior to the relevant record date. So long as the Notes are in book-entry form registered in the name of the
nominee of the Common Safekeeper and held by the Common Safekeeper, the Company will make payments of principal and interest to the Common Safekeeper whose nominee is the registered holder of the Global Notes. 

Interest payable on any Interest Payment Date for the Notes, any redemption date for the Notes or the maturity date for the Notes will be the
amount of interest accrued from, and including, the preceding Interest Payment Date for the Notes in respect of which interest has been paid or duly provided for (or from and including the original issue date, if no interest has been paid or duly
provided for with respect to the Notes) to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date, redemption date or maturity date, as the case may be. This payment convention is referred to as ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA) as defined in the rulebook of the
International Capital Markets Association. If any Interest Payment Date, redemption date or maturity date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment otherwise required to be made on such date will be made on the next succeeding Business
Day, and the Company will not be liable for any additional interest as a result of the delay in payment. If a redemption date or maturity date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest will be made on
the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next succeeding Business Day. 

Issuance in Euro 

Initial holders will be
required to pay for the Notes in euro, and principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes (including payments made upon any redemption of such Notes) will be payable in euro. The Company has initially appointed as paying agent U.S. Bank
Europe DAC, with its registered office at Block F1, Cherrywood Business Park, Cherrywood, Dublin 18, Ireland D18 W2X7, acting through its UK branch from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, Fifth Floor, London, EC2N 1AR, United Kingdom, under the
trade name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust. 

If euro is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other
circumstances beyond the Companys control or if euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or
within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until euro is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into U.S. dollars at
the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second business day prior to the relevant payment date or, if the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most
recently available market exchange rate for euro. Any payment in respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an event of default under the Notes or the Indenture. Neither the trustee nor the Paying Agent shall be responsible for
obtaining exchange rates, effecting conversions or otherwise handling redenominations. 

Optional Redemption 

Prior to February 1, 2030 (one month prior to their maturity date) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the
Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on an annual basis (ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the Comparable Government Bond Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date for the Notes, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

For the purposes of the optional redemption provisions of the Notes, the following
additional terms will be applicable: 

Comparable Government Bond means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond
Rate calculation, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by the Company, a German government bond whose maturity is closest to the Par Call Date, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such
similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or market makers in, German government bonds selected by such independent investment bank, determine to
be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. 

Comparable Government Bond Rate means the price,
expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the Notes, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third Business Day prior to the date fixed for redemption,
would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such Business Day of the applicable Comparable Government Bond on the basis of the middle market price of such Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such Business Day as
determined by an independent investment bank selected by the Company. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the
redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The trustee shall not be responsible for calculating the redemption price or determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys
procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed. Any redemption or notice described above may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of one
or more conditions precedent. In addition, if such redemption is subject to satisfaction or waiver of one or more conditions precedent, the notice of such redemption shall state that, in the Companys discretion, the redemption date may be
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such notice may be rescinded and the redemption terminated in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the redemption
date, or by the redemption date so delayed. The Company shall notify holders of any such rescission as soon as practicable after the Company determines that such conditions precedent will not be able to be satisfied or the Company is not able or
willing to waive such conditions precedent. 

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made
pursuant to the applicable depositarys procedures. No Notes of a principal amount of 100,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the note will state the
portion of the principal amount of the note to be redeemed. A new note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the note will be issued in the name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original note. For
so long as the Notes are held by Euroclear, Clearstream or another depositary, the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or
portions thereof called for redemption. 

For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for
performing any calculations or selections in connection with any optional redemption. 

Payment of Additional Amounts 

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on
account of, any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or a taxing authority in the United States, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. The Company
will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional interest on the Notes such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net payment by The Company or the Paying Agent of the principal of and interest on
the Notes to a holder who is not a United States person (as defined below), after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by the United States or a taxing authority in the United States
will not be less than the amount provided in the Notes to be then due and payable; provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay additional amounts shall not apply: 

(1) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the holder (or the
beneficial owner for whose benefit such holder holds such note), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the holder if the holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or
trust administered by a fiduciary holder, being treated as: 

a. 

being or having been present in, or engaged in a trade or business in, the United States, being treated as
having been present in, or engaged in a trade or business in, the United States, or having or having had a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States; 

b. 

having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a
result of the ownership of the Notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights hereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United States or being or having been treated as a resident thereof;

c. 

being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a foreign tax exempt organization or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 

d. 

being or having been a 10-percent shareholder of the
Company as defined in section 871(h)(3)(B) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or any successor provision; or 

e. 

being a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the
ordinary course of its trade or business, within the meaning of section 881 of the Code or any successor provision; 

(2) 

to any holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of the Notes, or a portion of the Notes, or that is a
fiduciary, partnership or limited liability company, but only to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a beneficial owner or member of the partnership or limited liability company would not have been entitled to the
payment of an additional amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment; 

(3) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the
holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of the Notes, if
(a) compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or
other governmental charge and (b) such holder or other person is legally able to comply with such requirements; 

(4) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by the
Company or the Paying Agent from the payment; 

(5) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed or withheld but for a
change in law, regulation, or administrative or judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; 

(6) 

to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or
similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(7) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by a paying agent from any payment
of principal of or interest on any note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by at least one other paying agent; 

(8) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the presentation
by the holder of any note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later, except to
the extent that the holder or beneficial owner would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such note on any date during such 30-day period; 

(9) 

to any withholding or deduction that is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code
(or any amended or successor version of such sections that is substantially comparable) and any related U.S. Treasury regulations, pronouncements or other official guidance thereunder, or any laws, regulations or other official guidance enacted in
any jurisdiction implementing the same or any agreements (including any intergovernmental agreements) entered into in connection therewith (FATCA); 

(10) 

to any tax imposed pursuant to section 871(h)(6) or 881(c)(6) of the Code (or any amended or successor
provisions); or 

(11) 

in the case of any combination of items (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9) and (10).

Except as specifically provided under this heading Payment of Additional Amounts, the Company will not be
required to pay additional amounts in respect of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge. 

As used under this heading
Payment of Additional Amounts and under the heading Redemption for Tax Reasons, the term United States means the United States of America (including the states and the District of Columbia and any political
subdivision thereof), and the term United States person means (i) any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or
organized in or under the laws of the United States (other than a partnership that is not treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes), (iii) any estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income
taxation regardless of its source, or (iv) any trust if a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons can control all substantial trust decisions, or if a valid election
is in place to treat the trust as a United States person. Any reference in the terms of the Notes to any amounts in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this provision. 

Redemption for Tax Reasons 

If, as a
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any taxing authority in the United States), or any change in, or amendment to, an official position regarding the
application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after February 6, 2025, the Company becomes or, based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected
by the Company, will become obligated to pay additional amounts as described herein under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts with respect to the Notes, then the Company may at any time at its option redeem, in whole, but not in
part, the Notes on not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. 

Repurchase Upon a Change of Control 

If a
Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to the Notes, unless the Company has exercised its option to redeem the Notes as described above, the Company will be required to make an offer (a Change of Control
Offer) to each holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to 100,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000 in excess thereof) of that holders Notes on the terms set forth in such Notes. In a Change of Control
Offer, the Company will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased to the date of repurchase (a Change of
Control Payment). 

Within 30 days following any such Change of Control Triggering Event or, at the
Companys option, prior to any Change of Control (as defined below), but after public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, a notice will be mailed or electronically delivered, or with respect
to Notes held in global form, to the extent permitted or required by applicable procedures or regulations of Euroclear and Clearstream, sent electronically to holders of the Notes, with a copy to the Trustee under the Indenture and the Paying Agent
that such Notes are being issued under, describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier
than 10 days and (unless delivered in advance of the occurrence of such Change of Control Triggering Event) no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent (a Change of Control Payment Date). The notice will, if
mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control Triggering Event occurring. 

On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Company will, to the extent lawful: 

accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the applicable Change of Control
Offer; 

deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered; and 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Paying Agent the Notes properly accepted together with an officers
certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. 

The Company will
not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control
Offer made by the Company, and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. 

The Company
will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the
extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the
Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the Company will comply with those securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes by virtue of any
such conflict. 

If holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw
such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such holders, the Company will
have the right, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such
purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to the applicable Change of Control Payment. 

Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall
be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is required. Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for monitoring
the Companys rating status, making any request upon any Rating Agency, or determining whether any rating event with respect to the Notes has occurred. 

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following terms
will be applicable: 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect
sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or more related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and the assets of the Companys subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, to any person, other than the Company or one of its subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person becomes the
beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock
(as defined below), measured by voting power rather than number of shares; (3) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant
to a transaction in which any of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or the Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the
Companys Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any direct or indirect parent company of the surviving
person, measured by voting power rather than number of shares, immediately after giving effect to such transaction; (4) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors; or (5) the
adoption of a plan relating to the Companys liquidation or dissolution. The term person, as used in this definition, has the meaning given thereto in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to involve a Change of Control if (1) the Company becomes a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (2)(A) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting
Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (B) immediately following that transaction no person (other than a holding company satisfying the requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of
the Voting Stock of such holding company. 

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of
Control and a Rating Event. 

Continuing Directors means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of
Directors who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date the Notes were issued or (2) was nominated for election, elected or appointed to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the directors who were
members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination, election or appointment (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Companys proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director,
without objection to such nomination). 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Inc., and its successors. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the
equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys, and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement rating agency or Rating Agencies
selected by the Company. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and its successors. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, Moodys and S&P; and (2) if any of Fitch, Moodys or
S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of
Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Board of Directors) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moodys or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be, with respect to the Notes.

Rating Event means the rating on the Notes is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies and the Notes are
rated below an Investment Grade Rating by at least two of the three Rating Agencies on any day within the 60-day period (which 60-day period will be extended so long as
the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) after the earlier of (1) the occurrence of a Change of Control and (2) public notice of the occurrence of a Change of
Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc.,
and its successors. 

Voting Stock means, with respect to any specified person (as that term is used in
Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date, the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. 

5. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, the Notes shall have the following terms:

(a) 

The definition of Business Day in Section 101 of the Indenture is hereby replaced and
superseded in its entirety to read as follows: 

Business Day means each Monday,
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday (a) which is not a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close in New York City or London and (b) on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time
Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (the TARGET2 system), or any successor thereto, is open. 

(Signatures are on the following
page.) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has placed his hand as of this 20th day of February,
2025. 

/s/ Todd M. Leombruno

Todd M. Leombruno

Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

EXHIBIT A 

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE] 

[Global
Notes Legend] 

THE NOTE IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A
NOMINEE OF THE ENTITY APPOINTED AS COMMON SAFEKEEPER (THE COMMON SAFEKEEPER) AND WILL BE DEPOSITED WITH THE COMMON SAFEKEEPER FOR EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV (EUROCLEAR) AND CLEARSTREAM BANKING, S.A.
(CLEARSTREAM). UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMMON SAFEKEEPER TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED
IN THE NAME OF THE NOMINEE OF THE COMMON SAFEKEEPER OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMMON SAFEKEEPER (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO THE COMMON SAFEKEEPER OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMMON SAFEKEEPER), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, THE COMMON SAFEKEEPER OR ITS NOMINEES, HAS AN INTEREST
HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF THE COMMON SAFEKEEPER OR TO
A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. 

[FORM OF NOTE] 

No. R-[] 

2.900% Senior Notes due 2030 

ISIN: XS2986378714 

Common Code:
298637871 

This certifies that the person whose name is entered in the register maintained by the Registrar in relation to the Notes (the
Register) is the duly registered holder (the Holder) of Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 700,000,000 or such other amount as is shown on Register as being represented by this Global Note and is
duly endorsed (for information purposes only) in the fourth column of the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Note attached to this Global Note. 

Parker-Hannifin Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of Ohio, promises to pay to each Holder the aggregate
principal amount shown on the Register as being represented by this Global Note on March 1, 2030 (the Stated Maturity Date) (unless redeemed on any day fixed for redemption prior to the Stated Maturity Date in accordance with
the terms of this Note and the Indenture). 

Interest Payment Dates: March 1 of each year, commencing March 1, 2026 

Issue Date: February 20, 2025 

Record Dates: Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date 

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the other side of this Note. 

This Global Note shall not be valid unless authenticated by the Trustee and effectuated by
the entity appointed as Common Safekeeper by Clearstream. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this instrument to be duly
executed. 

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes referred to in the Indenture. 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

*/ 

If the Note is to be issued in global form, add the Global Notes Legend and the attachment from Exhibit A
captioned TO BE ATTACHED TO GLOBAL NOTES - SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTE. 

EFFECTUATED for and on behalf of

CLEARSTREAM BANKING, S.A.

as Common Safekeeper, without recourse, warranty or liability

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Date:

[FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] 

2.900% Senior Notes due 2030 

Parker-Hannifin Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of Ohio (herein called the Company,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note annually on March 1 of each year, commencing March 1, 2026 at
the rate per annum shown above. If an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of interest or principal, as applicable, will be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the
date the payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the date the payment is made. 

Interest on the Notes shall be computed on an annual basis (ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA)). The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly
provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such
interest, which shall be the Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be
paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given
to Holders of Notes not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice
as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of and any such interest on
this Note will be made to Euroclear, Clearstream, or such nominees of such Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, as Holder hereof. The Company shall maintain a Paying Agent authorized by the Company to pay the principal of and any such interest on
this Note. 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Notes), issued
and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of September 5, 2023 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the
Trustee), as supplemented by the officers certificate, dated February 20, 2025 of Todd M. Leombruno, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company (the Officers
Certificate) (the Base Indenture as supplemented by the Officers Certificate is collectively referred to herein as the Indenture, which term shall have the meaning assigned to it in such instrument), between the
Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of
the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the
series designated on the face hereof. 

Principal, Interest and Maturity 

Payment will be made upon presentation of the Notes at the office of the Paying Agent, currently at 125 Old Broad Street, Fifth Floor, London,
EC2N 1AR, United Kingdom; provided, however, that payment of interest may be made at the Companys option by check mailed to the registered holder on the applicable record date at such address as shall appear in the security register or by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account specified in writing by such holder to the Company, the Paying Agent and the trustee prior to the relevant record date. So long as the Notes are in book-entry form registered in the name of the
nominee of the Common Safekeeper and held by the Common Safekeeper, the Company will make payments of principal and interest to the Common Safekeeper whose nominee is the registered holder of the Global Notes. 

Interest payable on any Interest Payment Date for the Notes, any redemption date for the Notes or the maturity date for the Notes will be the
amount of interest accrued from, and including, the preceding Interest Payment Date for the Notes in respect of which interest has been paid or duly provided for (or from and including the original issue date, if no interest has been paid or duly
provided for with respect to the Notes) to, but excluding, 

such Interest Payment Date, redemption date or maturity date, as the case may be. This payment convention is referred to as ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA) as defined in the rulebook of the International
Capital Markets Association. If any Interest Payment Date, redemption date or maturity date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment otherwise required to be made on such date will be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and the
Company will not be liable for any additional interest as a result of the delay in payment. If a redemption date or maturity date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest will be made on the next
succeeding Business Day, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next succeeding Business Day. 

Issuance in Euro 

Initial holders will be
required to pay for the Notes in euro, and principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes (including payments made upon any redemption of such Notes) will be payable in euro. The Company has initially appointed as paying agent U.S. Bank
Europe DAC, with its registered office at Block F1, Cherrywood Business Park, Cherrywood, Dublin 18, Ireland D18 W2X7, acting through its UK branch from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, Fifth Floor, London, EC2N 1AR, United Kingdom, under the
trade name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust. 

If euro is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other
circumstances beyond the Companys control or if euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or
within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until euro is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into U.S. dollars at
the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second business day prior to the relevant payment date or, if the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most
recently available market exchange rate for euro. Any payment in respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an event of default under the Notes or the Indenture. Neither the trustee nor the Paying Agent shall be responsible for
obtaining exchange rates, effecting conversions or otherwise handling redenominations. 

Optional Redemption 

Prior to February 1, 2030 (one month prior to their maturity date) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the
Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on an annual basis (ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the Comparable Government Bond Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date for the Notes, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

For the purposes of the optional redemption provisions of the Notes, the following additional terms will be applicable: 

Comparable Government Bond means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an
independent investment bank selected by the Company, a German government bond whose maturity is closest to the Par Call Date, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other
German government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or market makers in, German government bonds selected by such independent investment bank, determine to be appropriate for determining the
Comparable Government Bond Rate. 

Comparable Government Bond Rate means the price, expressed as a
percentage (rounded to three decimal places, 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the Notes, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third Business Day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal
to the gross redemption yield on such Business Day of the applicable Comparable Government Bond on the basis of the middle market price of such Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such Business Day as determined by
an independent investment bank selected by the Company. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The trustee shall not be responsible for calculating the redemption price or determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys
procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed. Any redemption or notice described above may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of one
or more conditions precedent. In addition, if such redemption is subject to satisfaction or waiver of one or more conditions precedent, the notice of such redemption shall state that, in the Companys discretion, the redemption date may be
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such notice may be rescinded and the redemption terminated in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the redemption
date, or by the redemption date so delayed. The Company shall notify holders of any such rescission as soon as practicable after the Company determines that such conditions precedent will not be able to be satisfied or the Company is not able or
willing to waive such conditions precedent. 

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made
pursuant to the applicable depositarys procedures. No Notes of a principal amount of 100,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the note will state the
portion of the principal amount of the note to be redeemed. A new note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the note will be issued in the name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original note. For
so long as the Notes are held by Euroclear, Clearstream or another depositary, the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or
portions thereof called for redemption. 

For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for
performing any calculations or selections in connection with any optional redemption. 

Payment of Additional Amounts 

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on
account of, any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or a taxing authority in the United States, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. The Company
will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional interest on the Notes such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net payment by The Company or the Paying Agent of the principal of and interest on
the Notes to a holder who is not a United States person (as defined below), after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by the United States or a taxing authority in the United States
will not be less than the amount provided in the Notes to be then due and payable; provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay additional amounts shall not apply: 

(1) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the holder (or the
beneficial owner for whose benefit such holder holds such note), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the holder if the holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or
trust administered by a fiduciary holder, being treated as: 

a. 

being or having been present in, or engaged in a trade or business in, the United States, being treated as
having been present in, or engaged in a trade or business in, the United States, or having or having had a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States; 

b. 

having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a
result of the ownership of the Notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights hereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United States or being or having been treated as a resident thereof;

c. 

being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a foreign tax exempt organization or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 

d. 

being or having been a 10-percent shareholder of the
Company as defined in section 871(h)(3)(B) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or any successor provision; or 

e. 

being a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the
ordinary course of its trade or business, within the meaning of section 881 of the Code or any successor provision; 

(2) 

to any holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of the Notes, or a portion of the Notes, or that is a
fiduciary, partnership or limited liability company, but only to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a beneficial owner or member of the partnership or limited liability company would not have been entitled to the
payment of an additional amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment; 

(3) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the
holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of the Notes, if
(a) compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or
other governmental charge and (b) such holder or other person is legally able to comply with such requirements; 

(4) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by the
Company or the Paying Agent from the payment; 

(5) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed or withheld but for a
change in law, regulation, or administrative or judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; 

(6) 

to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or
similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(7) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by a paying agent from any payment
of principal of or interest on any note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by at least one other paying agent; 

(8) 

to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the presentation
by the holder of any note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later, except to
the extent that the holder or beneficial owner would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such note on any date during such 30-day period; 

(9) 

to any withholding or deduction that is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code
(or any amended or successor version of such sections that is substantially comparable) and any related U.S. Treasury regulations, pronouncements or other official guidance thereunder, or any laws, regulations or other official guidance enacted in
any jurisdiction implementing the same or any agreements (including any intergovernmental agreements) entered into in connection therewith (FATCA); 

(10) 

to any tax imposed pursuant to section 871(h)(6) or 881(c)(6) of the Code (or any amended or successor
provisions); or 

(11) 

in the case of any combination of items (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9) and (10).

Except as specifically provided under this heading Payment of Additional Amounts, the Company will not be
required to pay additional amounts in respect of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge. 

As used under this heading
Payment of Additional Amounts and under the heading Redemption for Tax Reasons, the term United States means the United States of America (including the states and the District of Columbia and any political
subdivision thereof), and the term United States person means (i) any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or
organized in or under the laws of the United States (other than a partnership that is not treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes), (iii) any estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income
taxation regardless of its source, or (iv) any trust if a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons can control all substantial trust decisions, or if a valid election
is in place to treat the trust as a United States person. Any reference in the terms of the Notes to any amounts in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this provision. 

Redemption for Tax Reasons 

If, as a
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any taxing authority in the United States), or any change in, or amendment to, an official position regarding the
application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after February 6, 2025, the Company becomes or, based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected
by the Company, will become obligated to pay additional amounts as described herein under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts with respect to the Notes, then the Company may at any time at its option redeem, in whole, but not in
part, the Notes on not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. 

Repurchase Upon a Change of Control 

If a
Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to the Notes, unless the Company has exercised its option to redeem the Notes as described above, the Company will be required to make an offer (a Change of Control
Offer) to each holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to 100,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000 in excess thereof) of that holders Notes on the terms set forth in such Notes. In a Change of Control
Offer, the Company will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased to the date of repurchase (a Change of
Control Payment). 

Within 30 days following any such Change of Control Triggering Event or, at the Companys option, prior
to any Change of Control (as defined below), but after public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, a notice will be mailed or electronically delivered, or with respect to Notes held in global
form, to the extent permitted or required by applicable procedures or regulations of Euroclear and Clearstream, sent electronically to holders of the Notes, with a copy to the Trustee under the Indenture and the Paying Agent that such Notes are
being issued under, describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute 

the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 10 days and (unless delivered in advance of
the occurrence of such Change of Control Triggering Event) no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent (a Change of Control Payment Date). The notice will, if mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation
of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control Triggering Event occurring. 

On
each Change of Control Payment Date, the Company will, to the extent lawful: 

accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the applicable Change of Control
Offer; 

deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered; and 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Paying Agent the Notes properly accepted together with an officers
certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. 

The Company will
not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control
Offer made by the Company, and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. 

The Company
will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the
extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the
Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the Company will comply with those securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes by virtue of any
such conflict. 

If holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw
such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such holders, the Company will
have the right, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such
purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to the applicable Change of Control Payment. 

Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall
be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is required. Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for monitoring
the Companys rating status, making any request upon any Rating Agency, or determining whether any rating event with respect to the Notes has occurred. 

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following terms will be applicable: 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or more related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and the assets of the Companys subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any
person, other than the Company or one of its subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in
Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock (as defined below), measured by
voting power rather than number of shares; (3) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person 

consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or the Voting Stock of such other
person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Companys Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or
exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any direct or indirect parent company of the surviving person, measured by voting power rather than number of shares, immediately after giving effect to such transaction;
(4) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors; or (5) the adoption of a plan relating to the Companys liquidation or dissolution. The term person, as used in
this definition, has the meaning given thereto in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction
will not be deemed to involve a Change of Control if (1) the Company becomes a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (2)(A) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of such holding company immediately
following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (B) immediately following that transaction no person (other than a holding company satisfying the
requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such holding company. 

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Rating Event. 

Continuing Directors means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors who (1) was a member
of such Board of Directors on the date the Notes were issued or (2) was nominated for election, elected or appointed to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the
time of such nomination, election or appointment (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Companys proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Inc., and its successors. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the
equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys, and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement rating agency or Rating Agencies
selected by the Company. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and its successors. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, Moodys and S&P; and (2) if any of Fitch, Moodys or
S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of
Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Board of Directors) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moodys or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be, with respect to the Notes.

Rating Event means the rating on the Notes is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies and the Notes are
rated below an Investment Grade Rating by at least two of the three Rating Agencies on any day within the 60-day period (which 60-day period will be extended so long as
the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) after the earlier of (1) the occurrence of a Change of Control and (2) public notice of the occurrence of a Change of
Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a
division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors. 

Voting Stock means, with respect to any specified
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date, the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. 

Defeasance and Discharge 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Note or certain restrictive covenants and
Events of Default with respect to this Note, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

Events of Default

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and
payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

Modification and Waiver 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of
the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Notes of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes at the time
Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Notes of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Notes, to
waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and
upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. 

Remedies 

As provided in and subject to
the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Note shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall
have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Notes of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Notes of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made
written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Notes
of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any
suit instituted by the Holder of this Note for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

Transfer and Exchange 

As provided in the
Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note is registrable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the
principal of and interest on this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly
authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series, and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of 100,000 and any integral multiple of 1,000 in
excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Notes of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of this series and of like tenor, of a different authorized
denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge
payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee
and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be
affected by notice to the contrary. 

All terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to
them in the Indenture. Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee by manual or electronic signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

Governing Law 

The Indenture and the
Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 

Defined Terms 

All terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers this Note to: 

(Insert assignees social security or tax
identification number) 

(Insert address and zip code of assignee) 

and irrevocably appoints 

agent to transfer this Note on the books of the
Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him or her. 

Date: 

Signature:

Signature Guarantee:

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note) 

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Security Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Security Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for,
STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN NOTE 

The initial principal amount of this Note is 700,000,000. The following increases or decreases in the principal amount of this Note have been made: 

Date 

Amount of

decrease in

principal

amount of
this

Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal

amount of
this

Note 

Principal

amount of this

Note
following

such decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

officer
of

Trustee or Registrar
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d862439dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

2727 NORTH HARWOOD STREET DALLAS, TEXAS 75201.1515 

TELEPHONE: +1.214.220.3939 JONESDAY.COM 

February 20, 2025 

Parker-Hannifin
Corporation 

6035 Parkland Boulevard 

Cleveland, Ohio
44124-4141 

Re: 

700,000,000 of 2.900% Senior Notes due 2030 of Parker-Hannifin Corporation

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We
are acting as counsel for Parker-Hannifin Corporation, an Ohio corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale of 700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 2.900% Senior
Notes due 2030 (the Notes), pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Limited, HSBC Bank
plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, acting as representatives (in such capacity, the Representatives) of the several underwriters named therein. The Notes are being issued under an Indenture, dated as
of September 5, 2023 (the Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee), and an Officers Certificate, dated
February 20, 2025, setting forth the terms of the Notes. 

In connection with the opinion expressed herein, we have examined such
documents, records and matters of law as we have deemed relevant or necessary for purposes of this opinion. Based on the foregoing, and subject to the further limitations, qualifications and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that
the Notes constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company. 

The opinion set forth above is subject to the following limitations,
qualifications and assumptions: 

For purposes of the opinion expressed herein, we have assumed that (i) the Trustee has authorized,
executed and delivered the Indenture, (ii) the Notes have been duly authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and (iii) the Indenture is the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Trustee. 

The opinion expressed herein is limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer and fraudulent conveyance,
voidable preference, moratorium or other similar laws and related regulations and judicial doctrines from time to time in effect relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and (ii) general equitable principles and public policy
considerations, whether such principles and considerations are considered in a proceeding at law or at equity. 

AMSTERDAM ATLANTA
BEIJING BOSTON BRISBANE BRUSSELS CHICAGO CLEVELAND COLUMBUS DALLAS 

DETROIT 
DUBAI DSSELDORF FRANKFURT HONG KONG HOUSTON IRVINE LONDON LOS ANGELES MADRID 

MELBOURNE MEXICO CITY MIAMI MILAN MINNEAPOLIS MUNICH NEW YORK PARIS PERTH
PITTSBURGH 

SAN DIEGO SAN FRANCISCO SO PAULO SHANGHAI SILICON VALLEY 
SINGAPORE SYDNEY TAIPEI TOKYO WASHINGTON 

Parker-Hannifin Corporation 

February 20, 2025 

Page 2 

As to facts material to the opinion and assumptions expressed herein, we have relied upon
oral or written statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company and others. The opinion expressed herein is limited to the laws of the State of New York and the laws of the State of Ohio, as currently in effect,
and we express no opinion as to the effect of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as
Exhibit 5.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated the date hereof filed by the Company and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-274347) (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company to effect the registration of the Notes under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act) and to
the reference to Jones Day under the caption Legal Matters in the prospectus constituting a part of such Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are included in the category of persons whose
consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Jones Day
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ph-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ph-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ph-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g862439g0218215540150.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g862439g0218215540477.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Parker-Hannifin Corp

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000076334

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code OH

Entity File Number 1-4982

Entity Tax Identification Number 34-0451060

Entity Address, Address Line One 6035 Parkland Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Cleveland

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 44124-4141

City Area Code (216)

Local Phone Number 896-3000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Shares, $.50 par value

Trading Symbol PH

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://parkerhannifin.com//20250220/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d862439d8k.htm 
ph-20250220.xsd 
ph-20250220_lab.xml 
ph-20250220_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-030027-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d862439d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000076334 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

Parker-Hannifin Corp 
false 
0000076334 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
OH 
1-4982 
34-0451060 
6035 Parkland Boulevard 
Cleveland 
OH 
44124-4141 
(216) 
896-3000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares, $.50 par value 
PH 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>