<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-000681.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-000681.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326073013
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-000681
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eterna Therapeutics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000748592
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				311103425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11460
		FILM NUMBER:		25770180

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1035 CAMBRIDGE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 18A
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 582-1199

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10531 4S COMMONS DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 166-550
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Brooklyn ImmunoTherapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210325

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NTN BUZZTIME INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NTN COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-310000748592Eterna Therapeutics Inc.00007485922025-03-262025-03-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 26, 2025

Ernexa
Therapeutics Inc.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Eterna
Therapeutics Inc.

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Delaware 

001-11460 31-1103425

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1035
Cambridge Street, Suite 18A 

Cambridge,
MA 02141

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (617)798-6700

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.005 per share ERNA The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

Effective
March 26, 2025, Ernexa Therapeutics Inc. (formerly known as Eterna Therapeutics Inc.) (the Company), filed an amendment
to the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended with the Secretary of State of Delaware, to change the Companys
name to Ernexa Therapeutics Inc. (the Name Change).

Additionally,
effective March 26, 2025, the Company adopted amended and restated bylaws solely to reflect the Name Change.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective March 26, 2025 (Name Change).

3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

-2-

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

Ernexa
Therapeutics Inc.

Dated:
March 26, 2025 By: /s/
Sanjeev Luther

Sanjeev
Luther

President
and Chief Executive Officer

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

CERTIFICATE
OF AMENDMENT

OF

RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

ETERNA
THERAPEUTICS INC.

Eterna
Therapeutics Inc. (the Corporation), a Delaware corporation, does hereby certify that:

1.
The certificate of incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended by deleting Article I thereof in its entirety and inserting the
following in lieu thereof:

The
name of the corporation (the Corporation) is Ernexa Therapeutics Inc.

2.
The amendment set forth in this Certificate of Amendment has been duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware.

3.
This Certificate of Amendment shall be effective on March 26, 2025 at 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate to be execute and acknowledged on March 21, 2025.

ETERNA THERAPEUTICS INC.

/s/
Sanjeev Luther

Sanjeev Luther

President and Chief Executive
Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

BYLAWS

OF

ERNEXA
THERAPEUTICS INC.

(as
amended and restated through March 26, 2025)

THIRD
AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS

OF

ERNEXA
THERAPEUTICS INC.

Effective
March 26, 2025

CORPORATE
OFFICES

1.1
Registered Office.

The
registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware. The name of the registered
agent of the Corporation at such location is Corporate Agents, Inc.

1.2
Other Offices.

The
Board of Directors may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business.

MEETINGS
OF STOCKHOLDERS

2.1
Annual Meetings.

The
annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may lawfully
come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board
of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting may be held solely by means of remote communication, as permitted
by Section 211 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL).

At
an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting.
To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be: (A) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto)
given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (B) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the
Board of Directors, or (C) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder. For business to be properly brought before
an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, (1) with respect to the 2007 annual meeting of the stockholders a stockholders notice must be delivered to
or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation no later than the date that is ninety (90) calendar days
in advance of the anniversary date of the 2006 annual meeting of stockholders, and (2) with respect to annual meetings of stockholders
beginning in 2008 and for years thereafter, a stockholders notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal
executive offices of the Corporation no later than the date specified in the Corporations proxy statement released to stockholders
in connection with the previous years annual meeting of stockholders, which date shall be not less than ninety (90) or more than
one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of the anniversary of the date of such previous years proxy statement; provided,
however, that if the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days before or delayed by more than 30 days after the anniversary
of the preceding years annual meeting, or if the Corporation did not hold an annual meeting in the preceding year, notice by the
stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day before such annual meeting
or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. A stockholders notice
to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting: (i) a brief description
of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii)
the name and address, as they appear on the Corporations books, of the stockholder proposing such business, (iii) the class and
number of shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by the stockholder, (iv) any material interest of the stockholder in
such business and (v) any other information that is required to be provided by the stockholder pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), in his capacity as a proponent to a stockholder proposal. In
addition to the foregoing, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of
proxy for a stockholders meeting, stockholders must provide notice as required by the regulations promulgated under the Exchange
Act to the extent such regulations require notice that is different from the notice required above. Notwithstanding anything in these
Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this
paragraph (b) of this Section 2.1. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power and the duty to determine whether any business proposed
to be brought before the meeting has been made in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and, if any proposed business
is not in compliance with these Bylaws, to declare that such defectively proposed business shall not be presented for stockholder action
at the meeting and shall be disregarded.

Only
persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this paragraph (c) shall be eligible for election as directors.
Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation may be made at a meeting of stockholders by or at the
direction of the Board of Directors or by any stockholder of the Corporation entitled to vote in the election of directors at the meeting
who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this paragraph (c). Such nominations, other than those made by or at the direction
of the Board of Directors, shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation in accordance with
the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 2.1. Such stockholders notice shall set forth (i) as to each person, if any, whom
the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence address
of such person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (C) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that
are beneficially owned by such person, (D) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee
and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the stockholder,
and (E) any other information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors,
or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including without limitation such persons
written consent to being named in the proxy statement, if any, as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and (ii) as to
such stockholder giving notice, the information required to be provided pursuant to subitems (ii), (iii) and (iv) of paragraph (b) of
this Section 2.1. At the request of the Board of Directors, any person nominated by a stockholder for election as a director shall furnish
to the Secretary of the Corporation that information required to be set forth in the stockholders notice of nomination which pertains
to the nominee. No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures
set forth in this paragraph (c). The chairman of the meeting shall have the power and the duty to determine whether a nomination has
been made in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and, if any proposed nomination is not in compliance with these
Bylaws, to declare that such defectively proposed nomination shall not be presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be
disregarded.

Nothing
in this Section 2.1 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations
proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.

2.2
Special Meetings.

Special
meetings of the stockholders, other than those required by statute, may be called at any time by the Board of Directors acting pursuant
to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. For purposes of these Bylaws, the term Whole Board shall mean
the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. The Board of
Directors may postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting.

Only
such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of the stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the
Corporations notice of the meeting.

Nominations
of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected
pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any stockholder
of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this paragraph, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies
with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.2. Nominations by stockholders of persons for election to the Board of Directors
may be made at such a special meeting of stockholders if the stockholders notice has been delivered to the Secretary at the principal
executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day before such special meeting or
the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed
by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting.

2

Nothing
in this Section 2.2 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations
proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.

2.3
Notice of Stockholders Meetings.

Notice
of the place, if any, date and time of all meetings of stockholders, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders
and proxy holders may be deemed to be present and person and vote at such meeting, shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days
before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, except as otherwise provided herein or required
by law or the Certificate of Incorporation. Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. Without
limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic
mail or other electronic transmission, in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant
secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence
of the facts stated therein.

When
a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof,
and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote
at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however, that if the date of any
adjourned meeting is more than 30 days after the date for which the meeting was originally noticed, or if a new record date is fixed
for the adjourned meeting, notice of the place, if any, date, and time of the adjourned meeting and the means of remote communications,
if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, shall be given
in conformity herewith. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting.

2.4
Quorum.

At
any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person
or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for all purposes, except as otherwise provided by the DGCL or by the Certificate of Incorporation.
Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, a majority of the shares of such class or classes or series present
in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter.

If
a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeting to another place, if any, date or time.

2.5
Organization; Conduct of Business.

The
chief executive officer of the Corporation or, if no such officer has been appointed or in his or her absence, the president of the Corporation
or, in his or her absence, the chairman of the Board of Directors, shall call to order any meeting of the stockholders and act as chairman
of the meeting. In the absence of the secretary of the Corporation, the secretary of the meeting shall be such person as the chairman
of the meeting appoints.

The
chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including the manner
of voting and the conduct of business. The chairman shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another place, if any, date and time.
The date and time of opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced
at the meeting.

2.6
Proxies and Voting.

At
any meeting of the stockholders, every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing
or by a transmission permitted by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting. Any copy, facsimile communication
or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to this paragraph may be substituted or used in lieu of
the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided
that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or
transmission.

3

The
Corporation may, and to the extent required by law, shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors
to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more alternate inspectors to replace any
inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the meeting may,
and to the extent required by law, shall, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon
the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality
and according to the best of his or her ability. Every vote taken by ballots shall be counted by a duly appointed inspector or inspectors.

All
elections of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by law, all other matters
shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively.

2.7
Waiver of Notice.

Whenever
notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver
thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, or waiver by electronic mail or other electronic transmission by such person, whether
before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a
waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of
the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted
at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice, or any
waiver of notice by electronic transmission, unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

2.8
Record Date for Stockholder Notice.

In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment
thereof or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any
rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors
may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date on which the resolution fixing the date is adopted and which record
date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days before any other action.

If
the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date:

The
record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding
the day on which the meeting is held.

The
record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors
adopts the resolution relating thereto.

A
determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment
of the meeting, if such adjournment is for 30 days or less; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date
for the adjourned meeting.

DIRECTORS

3.1
Number of Directors.

The
number of directors constituting the Whole Board shall be determined by the Board from time to time by a resolution duly adopted by the
Board, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors under specified circumstances. No decrease
in the number of authorized directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

4

3.2
Election and Term of Office of Directors.

Except
as provided in Section 3.3 of these Bylaws, and unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, directors shall be elected
at each annual meeting of stockholders to hold office until the next annual meeting at which the term of office of the class to which
they have been elected expires. Each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until his or her successor
is elected or until his or her earlier resignation or removal.

3.3
Director Resignations, Newly Created Directors and Vacancies.

Any
director may resign at any time upon written notice to the attention of the secretary of the Corporation or, if there is no secretary
in office, then to the attention of any other corporate officer or to the Board of Directors as a whole. When one or more directors so
resigns and the resignation is effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned,
shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become
effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office as provided in this section in the filling of other vacancies.

Subject
to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from any increase
in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, removal
from office or other cause shall, unless otherwise required by law or by resolution of the Board of Directors, be filled only by a majority
vote of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, and directors so chosen shall serve for a term expiring at the next
annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which they have been elected expires or until such directors
successor shall have been duly elected. Unless otherwise required by law or by resolution of the Board of Directors, the stockholders
shall have no right or power to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships.

Whenever
the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors
elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.

If
at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or
any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility
for the person or estate of a stockholder, may call a special meeting of stockholders in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation or these Bylaws, or may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section
211 of the DGCL.

If,
at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of
the Whole Board (as constituted immediately before any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder
or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors,
summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen
by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the DGCL as far as
applicable.

3.4
Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone.

Members
of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee, by
means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each
other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

3.5
Regular Meetings.

Regular
meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such place, date and time as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of
Directors. A notice of each regular meeting shall not be required.

5

3.6
Special Meetings.

Special
meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the president or by a majority of the Whole Board, and
shall be held at such place, date and time as he, she or they shall fix.

Notice
of the place, date and time of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class
mail, charges prepaid, or by facsimile or electronic mail, addressed to each director at that directors address as it is shown
on the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four days before
the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally, or by facsimile, electronic mail or telephone, it shall
be delivered at least 24 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting, if
the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. Any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting,
unless otherwise indicated in the notice thereof.

3.7
Quorum.

At
any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for all purposes, except as may be otherwise
specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, then a majority
of the directors present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date or time, without further notice or waiver thereof.

A
meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any
action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting.

3.8
Waiver of Notice.

Whenever
notice of a Board of Directors meeting is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL or of the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, or waiver by electronic mail or other electronic
transmission by such person, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person
at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of
objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.
Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of,

any
regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice
or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

3.9
Conduct of Business; Board Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting.

At
any meeting of the Board of Directors, business shall be transacted in such order and manner as the Board of Directors may from time
to time determine, and all matters shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the directors present, except as otherwise provided
in these Bylaws or by law.

Any
action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without
a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission,
and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors
or committee. Such filings shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the
minutes are maintained in electronic form.

3.10
Compensation of Directors.

The
Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of the directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any,
of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors, and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors,
or paid a stated salary or paid other compensation as director. No such compensation shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation
in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefore. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed compensation for
attending committee meetings.

6

3.11
Approval of Loans to Officers.

Subject
to applicable law, including Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act, the Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or
otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiary, including any officer or employee who is a director
of the Corporation or of its subsidiary, whenever, in the judgment of the directors, such loan, guaranty or assistance may reasonably
be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guaranty or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured,
or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the
Corporation. Nothing in this section shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation
at common law or under any statute.

3.12Removal of Directors.

Unless
otherwise restricted by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board of Directors may
be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.

3.13
Chairman of the Board of Directors.

The
Corporation may have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, a Chairman of the Board of Directors who shall not be considered by
virtue of holding such position an officer of the Corporation.

COMMITTEES

4.1
Committees of Directors.

The
Board of Directors may from time to time designate committees of the Board of Directors, with such lawfully delegable powers and duties
as it thereby confers, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and shall, for those committees and any others provided for
herein, elect a director or directors to serve as the member or members, designating, if it desires, other directors as alternate members
who may replace any absent members at any meeting of the committee. In the absence of any member of any committee and any alternate member
in his or her place, the member or members of the committee present at the meeting, whether or not he or she or they constitute a quorum,
may by unanimous vote appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of the absent member. Any Board
committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of such committee, and delegate to
the subcommittee any or all of the powers of the committee.

4.2
Committee Minutes.

Each
committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and maintain them in the Corporations official minute book.

4.3
Conduct of Business.

Each
committee may determine the procedural rules for meeting and conducting its business and shall act in accordance therewith, except as
otherwise provided herein or required by law. Adequate provision shall be made for notice to members of all meetings; one-half of the
members shall constitute a quorum; and all matters shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present. Action may be taken
by any committee without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or
writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of such committee. Such filing shall
be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic
form.

The
Board of Directors may adopt rules for the governance of any committee not inconsistent with these Bylaws.

7

OFFICERS

5.1
Officers.

The
officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, a president, and a secretary. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion
of the Board of Directors, one or more vice presidents, one or more assistant secretaries, a treasurer and one or more assistant treasurers,
and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.

5.2
Appointment of Officers.

The
officers of the Corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Sections 5.3 or 5.5 of these
Bylaws, shall be appointed by the Board of Directors.

5.3
Subordinate Officers.

The
Board of Directors may appoint, or empower the chief executive officer or the president to appoint, such other officers and agents as
the business of the Corporation may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties
as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board of Directors or such other officer may from time to time determine. The Board of Directors
may empower the chief executive officer or the president to define the authority and duties of such subordinate officers.

5.4
Removal and Resignation of Officers.

Subject
to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an
affirmative vote of the majority of the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or, except in
the case of an officer chosen by the Board of Directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board
of Directors.

Any
officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the secretary of the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the
date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the
acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any,
of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.

5.5
Vacancies in Offices.

Any
vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for regular appointments
to that office.

5.6
Chief Executive Officer.

Subject
to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the chairman of the board, if any, the chief executive
officer of the Corporation, if such an officer is appointed, shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision,
direction, and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders
and, in the absence or nonexistence of a chairman of the board, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, shall have the general powers
and duties of management usually vested in the office of chief executive officer of a Corporation and shall have such other powers and
duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.

5.7
President.

Subject
to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the chairman of the board, if there is one, or the chief
executive officer, if such an officer is appointed, the president shall be the principal executive officer of the company and shall,
subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction, and control of the business and other officers
of the Corporation. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of president of a Corporation
and such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.

8

5.8
Vice Presidents.

In
the absence or disability of the chief executive officer and president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed
by the Board of Directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the Board of Directors, shall perform all the duties of the
president and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the president. The vice presidents
shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively (in order of
priority) by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, or the president.

5.9
Secretary.

The
secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or such other place as the Board of Directors
may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall
show the time and place of each meeting, the names of those present at directors meetings or committee meetings, the number of
shares present or represented at stockholders meetings, and the proceedings thereof.

The
secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporations
transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register,
showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates
evidencing such shares, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation.

The
secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors required to be given
by law or by these Bylaws. He or she shall keep the seal of the Corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other
powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws.

5.10
Principal Financial Officer.

The
Board of Directors shall designate an officer appointed pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Bylaws to serve as the principal financial officer
of the Company. The principal financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books
and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities,
receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital retained earnings, and shares.

The
principal financial officer shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositories
as may be designated by the Board of Directors. He or she shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board
of Directors, shall render to the president, the chief executive officer, or the directors, upon request, an account of all his or her
transactions as principal financial officer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have other powers and perform
such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or the Bylaws.

5.11
Action with Respect to Securities of Other Corporations.

Unless
otherwise directed by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, the president or any officer of the Corporation authorized
by the chief executive officer or the president is authorized to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation, in person or by
proxy, at any meeting of stockholders of or with respect to any action of stockholders of any other corporation in which the Corporation
may hold securities and otherwise to exercise any and all rights and powers which the Corporation may possess by reason of its ownership
of securities in such other corporation.

5.12
Delegation of Authority.

Notwithstanding
any other provision in these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any
other officers or agents.

9

INDEMNIFICATION
OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,

EMPLOYEES
AND OTHER AGENTS

6.1
Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

Each
person who was or is made a party to or is threatened to be made a party to, witness or other participant in any action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was
a director or officer of the Corporation (an Indemnities), whether the basis of the Proceeding is alleged action in an
official capacity as a director or officer or in any other capacity while serving as a director or officer, shall be indemnified and
held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in
the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights
than such law permitted the Corporation to provide before such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys
fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by Indemnitee
in connection therewith; provided, however, the Corporation shall not indemnify any such Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding (or
part thereof) (i) initiated by such Indemnitee against the Corporation or any director or officer of the Corporation unless the Corporation
has joined in or consented to the initiation of such Proceeding or (ii) made on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes
a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, or is an act or omission not in good faith which
involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law. For purposes of this Section 6.1, a director or officer
of the Corporation includes any person who (i) is or was a director or officer of the Corporation , (ii) is or was serving at the request
of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or (iii) was
a director or officer of a corporation that was a predecessor corporation of the Corporation or of another enterprise at the request
of such predecessor corporation.

6.2
Indemnification of Others.

The
Corporation shall have the power, to the maximum extent and in the manner permitted by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter
be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader
indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide before such amendment), to indemnify each of its employees
and agents against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties
and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such employees and agents in connection therewith; provided, however,
provided, however, the Corporation shall not indemnify any such employee or agent in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) (i)
initiated by such employee or agent against the Corporation or any director or officer of the Corporation unless the Corporation has
joined in or consented to the initiation of such Proceeding or (ii) made on account of such employees or agents conduct
which constitutes a breach of such employees or agents duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, or is an
act or omission not in good faith which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law. For purposes of this Section
6.2, an employee or agent of the Corporation includes any person other than a director or officer (i) who
is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, (ii) who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as an employee or agent
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or (iii) who was an employee or agent of a corporation
which was a predecessor corporation of the Corporation or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation.

6.3
Payment of Expenses in Advance.

Expenses
incurred in defending any Proceeding for which indemnification is required pursuant to Section 6.1 shall be, or for which indemnification
is permitted pursuant to Section 6.2 following authorization thereof by the Board of Directors may be, paid by the Corporation in advance
of the final disposition of such Proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnified party to repay such amount
if it shall ultimately be determined, by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal, that the indemnified
party is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized in this Article VI.

10

6.4
Indemnity Not Exclusive.

The
indemnification provided by this Article VI shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification
may been entitled under any Bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in an official
capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.

6.5
Insurance.

The
Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity,
or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such
liability under the provisions of the DGCL.

RECORDS
AND REPORTS

7.1
Maintenance and Inspection of Records.

The
Corporation shall, either at its principal executive offices or at such place or places as designated by the Board of Directors, keep
a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of
these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books and other records.

Any
stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have
the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporations stock ledger, a list of its stockholders,
and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to
such persons interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to
inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other
agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in
Delaware or at its principal place of business.

A
complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock
and showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares registered in each such stockholders name, shall be
open to the examination of any such stockholder for a period of at least ten days before the meeting in the manner provided by law. The
stock list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting as provided by law. This list
shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each
of them.

7.2
Inspection by Directors.

Any
director shall have the right to examine the Corporations stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records
for a purpose reasonably related to his or her position as a director.

GENERAL
MATTERS

8.1
Checks.

From
time to time, the Board of Directors shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other
orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, and
only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.

11

8.2
Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments.

The
Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter
into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined
to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer,
agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or
to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.

8.3
Stock Certificates.

The
shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates provided, however, that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution
or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be represented by uncertificated shares, and provided,
further, that any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the
Corporation. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the
Corporation by the chairman or vice-chairman of the Board of Directors, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an
assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may
be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate
has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, the certificate may be issued by the Corporation
with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

No
stock certificates will be issued in bearer form.

8.4
Special Designation on Certificates.

If
the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations,
the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate
that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in
Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the
Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each
stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.

8.5
Lost Certificates.

Except
as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the
latter is surrendered to the Corporation and canceled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place
of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, and the Corporation may require
the owner of the lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed certificate, or the owners legal representative, to give the Corporation
a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, mutilation or
destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate.

8.6
Construction; Definitions.

Unless
the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction
of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes
the singular, and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural person.

12

8.7
Fiscal Year.

The
fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors and may be changed by the Board of Directors.

8.8
Seal.

The
Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof,
to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.

8.9
Transfers of Stock.

Transfers
of stock shall be made only upon the transfer books of the Corporation kept at an office of the Corporation or by transfer agents designated
to transfer shares of the stock of the Corporation.

8.10
Registered Stockholders.

The
Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive
dividends and to vote as such owner and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or
shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the
laws of Delaware.

8.11
Facsimile Signatures.

In
addition to the provisions for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of
any officer or officers of the Corporation may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof.

8.12.
Exclusive Forum.

Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (A) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (B) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director
or officer or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (C) any action asserting a claim
against the Corporation or any director or officer or stockholder of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or
this Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, or (D) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer
or stockholder of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be a state court located within the State of Delaware
(or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware).

If
any provision of this Section 8.12 is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance
for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of such provision
in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Section 8.12 (including, without limitation, each portion of any sentence
of this Section 8.12 containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities or circumstances shall not in any way be
affected or impaired thereby.

AMENDMENTS

The
Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed, in whole or in part, by the majority vote of the Board of Directors or
by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that no bylaw may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders
except by the vote or written consent of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of the Corporation.

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>erna-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>erna-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>erna-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-11460

Entity Registrant Name Eterna Therapeutics Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000748592

Entity Tax Identification Number 31-1103425

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1035
Cambridge Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 18A

Entity Address, City or Town Cambridge

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02141

City Area Code (617)

Local Phone Number 798-6700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.005 per share

Trading Symbol ERNA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://eternatx.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

erna-20250326.xsd 
erna-20250326_lab.xml 
erna-20250326_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-000681-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000748592 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0000748592 
Eterna Therapeutics Inc. 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
DE 
001-11460 
31-1103425 
1035 Cambridge Street 
Suite 18A 
Cambridge 
MA 
02141 
(617) 
798-6700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.005 per share 
ERNA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>