<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-006181.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-006181.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124064521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-006181
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250122
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EON Resources Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842556
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				854359124
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41278
		FILM NUMBER:		25551597

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3730 KIRBY DRIVE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77098
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713.834.1145

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3730 KIRBY DRIVE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77098

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HNR Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210126
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228565-8k_eonresour.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184255600018425562025-01-222025-01-220001842556EONR:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-222025-01-220001842556EONR:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForThreeQuartersOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-01-222025-01-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 22, 2025

EON RESOURCES INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-41278 85-4359124

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3730 Kirby Drive, Suite 1200

Houston, Texas77098

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

(713) 834-1145

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class: Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share EONR NYSE American

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for three quarters of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share EONR WS NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities

As previously disclosed,
between January 2023 and November 2023, EON Resources Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into note and
warrant purchase agreements (Purchase Agreements) with certain accredited investors (the Investors) whereby
the Investors purchased promissory notes with principal amounts equal to the purchase price (the Old Notes) and warrants
to purchase shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock),
equal to three-fourths of the purchase price (the Old Warrants).

Between November 21,
2024 and January 22, 2024, the Company and seven of the Investors (the Exchange Investors) entered into exchange agreements
(the Exchange Agreements) whereby the Exchange Investors exchanged their Old Notes and Old Warrants for convertible promissory
notes (the Convertible Notes). The principal amounts of the Convertible Notes were determined by adding the original principal
amount of the Old Notes and the number of Old Warrants. In connection with the Exchange Agreements, the Company issued Convertible Notes
in the aggregate principal amount of $1,350,000 in exchange for Old Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $400,000 and 950,000 Old
Warrants.

The Convertible Notes
mature on January 31, 2028 and accrue interest at a rate of 7.5% per annum. The Convertible Notes may be prepaid by the Company at any
time, in whole or in part, without any premium or penalty. The Convertible Notes may be converted by the holders at any time after issuance
into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the greater of (a) $0.25 per share or (b) 90% multiplied by (i) the average
of the three lowest VWAPs of the Common Stock over the ten trading days prior to conversion (for three of the Convertible Notes that have
an aggregate principal amount of $550,000) or (ii) the average of the four lowest VWAPs of the Common Stock over the seven trading days
prior to conversion (for four of the Convertible Notes that have an aggregate principal amount of $800,000) (the Conversion Price).
If, at any time the Convertible Notes are outstanding, the Company issues or sells Common Stock for no consideration or at a price lower
than the then-current Conversion Price, then the Conversion Price of the Convertible Notes will be automatically reduced to the amount
of consideration per share received by the Company in such sale or offering. In addition, so long as any Convertible Notes are outstanding,
if the Company issues any security on terms more favorable than the Convertible Notes, then the Company must notify the holder and such
more favorable term shall become a part of the Convertible Note, at the holders option

The Exchange Agreement
and the Convertible Notes each also contain customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions.

The foregoing is a summary
description of certain terms of the Exchange Agreement and the Convertible Note. For a full description of all terms, please refer to
the copies of the form of Exchange Agreement and the form of Convertible Note that are filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2,
respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

The Company has issued the Convertible Notes pursuant
to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), available
under Section 3(a)(9) and intends to issue any shares upon conversion of the Convertible Note pursuant to such exemption. The Exchange
Investors are each an accredited investor as such term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

This Current Report on
Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall such securities be offered or sold in
the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements and certificates evidencing such shares
contain a legend stating the same.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Form of Exchange Agreement

10.2 Form of Convertible Promissory Note

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

January 24, 2025 EON Resources Inc.

By: /s/ Mitchell B. Trotter

Name: Mitchell B. Trotter

Title: Chief Financial Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022856501ex10-1_eonresour.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXCHANGE
AGREEMENT

This Exchange Agreement (this
Agreement) is made and entered into as of __, 2025 (the Execution Date), by and between EON
Resources Inc., f/k/a HNR Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and _______ (the Noteholder).
The Company and the Noteholder are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the Parties and individually as
a Party.

WHEREAS, the Company has
previously issued to the Noteholder that certain private loan(s) (the Loan), as well as certain Common Stock Warrants
(the Warrants and collectively with the Loans, the Securities) as listed in amounts and dates
below; and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire
to exchange the Securities for a $___,000 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Note).

Instrument Amount Date

Loan 

Warrants 

Total
Note 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants, agreements and understandings herein contained, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

SECTION
1. Exchange of Securities.

1.1 The
Exchange. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, on the Closing Date (as defined below) the Noteholder shall
assign, transfer and deliver to the Company all of the Noteholders right, title and interest in and to all of the Securities against
the issuance and delivery of the Note by the Company, which shall be in full satisfaction of all obligations of the Company under the
Securities.

1.2 Closing.
The closing of the transaction contemplated hereunder (the Closing) shall take place on the Execution Date (or such
other date as is mutually agreed to by the Company and the Noteholder) (the Closing Date), provided that the representations
and warranties made by the Company in Section 2 of this Agreement and by the Noteholder in Section 3 of this Agreement are
true and correct on the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date. At the Closing:

(a) The
Noteholder shall deliver the Securities to the Company, and the Company shall cancel the Securities upon receipt; and

(b) The
Company shall deliver the Note to the Noteholder, against delivery of the Securities pursuant to subsection (a) above.

SECTION
2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. As a material inducement to the Noteholder
to enter into this Agreement, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Noteholder that the following statements are true and
correct as of the Execution Date and will be true and correct as of the Closing Date. 

2.1 Organization,
Corporate Power and Licenses. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of Delaware. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

2.2 Authorization;
No Breach. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the Company. This Agreement constitutes
the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other similar laws of general application affecting enforcement
of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity and there is no litigation challenging the enforceability of this
Agreement in accordance with its terms. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the exchange of the Securities
for the issuance of the Note by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement does not and shall not (i) conflict with
or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (ii) result in a violation of, or (iii) require any authorization,
consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice or declaration to, or filing with (other than any consent that has been obtained
on or prior to the Execution Date, and other than required filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)),
any third party or any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to, (A) the Companys certificate of incorporation
or bylaws, or (B) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any material agreement, instrument, order,
judgment or decree to which the Company is subject.

2.3 Investment
Company Act. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated by this Repurchase Agreement, will not be required to register as an investment company within the meaning
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.

2.4 Valid
Issuance. The shares of Company common stock underlying the Note (the Shares) have been duly and validly authorized.
Upon the issuance of the Shares upon the due conversion of the Note in accordance with the terms thereof, the Shares will be validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and free and clear of all encumbrances and restrictions, except for restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable
securities laws and except for those created by the Noteholder. As of the Closing, the Company will have reserved a sufficient number
of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Shares upon conversion of the Note.

2.5 Brokers
Fees. Neither the Company nor any of its officers or directors has retained or authorized any investment banker, broker, finder or
other intermediary to act on behalf of the Company or incurred any liability for any bankers, brokers or finders
fees or commissions in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees would be payable by the Noteholder.

SECTION
3. Representations and Warranties of the Noteholder. As a material inducement to the Company
to enter into this Agreement, the Noteholder hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the following statements are complete
and accurate as of the Execution Date and will be complete and accurate as of the Closing Date:

3.1 Organization;
Power. The Noteholder is duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of organization. The Noteholder possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. 

2

3.2 Authorization;
No Breach. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the Noteholder. Assuming that this
Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, then this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding
obligation of the Noteholder, enforceable against the Noteholder in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other similar laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors
rights generally and general principles of equity and there is no litigation challenging the enforceability of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms. The execution and delivery by the Noteholder of this Agreement and the exchange of the Securities by the Noteholder in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, do not and shall not (i) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or
provisions of, (ii) result in a violation of, or (iii) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice
or declaration to, or filing with, any third party or any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to (A) the Noteholders
organizational documents or (B) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Noteholder is subject, or any material agreement, instrument,
order, judgment or decree to which the Noteholder is subject.

3.3 Full
Satisfaction of Obligations under the Exchange Securities. The Noteholder acknowledges that upon receipt of the Note the obligations
of the Company to the Noteholder under the Securities have been satisfied in full and no accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable
on such Securities to the Noteholder.

3.4 Brokers
Fees. Neither the Noteholder nor any of its officers or directors has retained or authorized any investment banker, broker, finder
or other intermediary to act on behalf of the Noteholder or incurred any liability for any bankers, brokers or finders
fees or commissions in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees would be payable by the Company.

3.5 Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. The Note to be received by the Noteholder hereunder will be acquired for the Noteholders own account
and not for the account of others or as nominee or agent, and not with a view to, or for, resale, distribution, syndication, or fractionalization
thereof, and such Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation
of the Securities Act without prejudice, however, to the Noteholders right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or
any part of such Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws.

3.6 Restricted
Securities. The Noteholder understands that the Note is characterized as a restricted security under the U.S. federal
securities laws inasmuch as it is being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that under such
laws and applicable regulations such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain circumstances,
and may contain a legend to such extent.

3.7 Accredited
Investor. The Noteholder is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D, as amended, under the Securities Act.

3.8 No
General Solicitation. The Noteholder did not enter into this Agreement or otherwise acquire the Securities as a result of any general
solicitation or general advertising.

SECTION
4. Other Agreements.

4.1 Survival
of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement
and the Schedules attached hereto shall survive for a period of three years after the Closing Date.

3

4.2 Further
Assurances. In case at any time after the Closing Date any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, each of the Parties will take such further action (including the execution and delivery
of such further instruments and documents) as any other Party may reasonably request.

4.3 If
the Noteholder provides the Company (which shall be at the cost of the Company), with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and
scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of any Shares under the Note may
be made without registration under the Securities Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances
that such Shares can be sold pursuant to Rule 144, the Company shall permit the transfer, and promptly instruct its transfer agent to
issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Noteholder or,
in the sole discretion of the Noteholder, the Company shall take all action necessary to ensure that such Shares are transferred electronically
as DWAC shares. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Noteholder,
by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at
law for a breach of its obligations under this Section may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by
the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Noteholder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to
an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any
bond or other security being required. This provision shall survive, including after the termination of this Agreement, for a period of
three years.

SECTION
5. Termination.

5.1 Termination
may occur:

(a) Prior
to Closing by the mutual written consent of the Parties;

(b) Prior
to Closing by the Company if there has been a material misrepresentation, material breach of warranty by the Noteholder in the representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement; or

(c) Prior
to Closing by the Noteholder if there has been a material misrepresentation, material breach of warranty by the Company in the representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement.

SECTION
6. Miscellaneous.

6.1 Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any person or circumstance shall be held to be
prohibited by, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall
be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or illegality or unenforceability, without invalidating the remainder of such provision
or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

6.2 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in counterparts (including by means of telecopied signature pages), any one of which need
not contain the signatures of more than one Party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

4

6.3 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and the agreements and documents referred to herein contain the entire agreement and understanding between
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral,
relating to such subject matter in any way (including, without limitation, the Term Sheet).

6.4 Costs
and Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Noteholder for its reasonable legal fees incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

6.5 Governing
Law; Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. Each of the Company and the Investor hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the United States federal and state courts located in Los Angeles, California, with respect to any dispute arising under the Transaction
Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company and the Investor hereby waive
a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the parties hereto against the other in respect of any
matter arising out of or in connection with this agreement. Any dispute, controversy, difference or claim that may arise between
the Company and the Investor in connection with Agreement; and all claims arising out of or relating to the validity, construction, interpretation,
enforceability, breach, performance, application or termination of this Agreement), shall be submitted to binding arbitration governed
by the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The seat of the arbitration shall be in the State and County of New York. There
shall be only one arbitrator selected in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall be conducted
in English and may be conducted in a virtual setting. The arbitrators decision shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered
thereon. Provided a Party has made a sufficient showing under applicable law, the arbitrator shall have the freedom to invoke, and the
Parties agree to abide by, injunctive measures that either party submits in writing for arbitration claims requiring immediate relief.
Additionally, nothing in this Section shall preclude either Party from seeking equitable relief or interim or provisional relief from
a court of competent jurisdiction, including a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or other equitable relief, concerning
a dispute either prior to or during arbitration if necessary to protect the interests of such party or to preserve the status quo pending
the arbitration proceeding. Each side must bear its own costs and legal fees during the pendency of the arbitration. A Partys failure
to pay any costs or fees required to proceed in the arbitration, as they timely come due, shall result in an immediate default against
that Party. The prevailing Party in the arbitration shall be entitled to recoup all its reasonable attorneys fees and costs from
the nonprevailing, including, without limitation, all of its costs relating to the arbitration. The arbitrators final award shall
include this assessment of costs and fees.

6.6 Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid
next business day delivery, or (c) transmitted by hand delivery, or email as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address
as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required
or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if
delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such
delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received).

** Signature Pages Follows
**

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Execution Date.

EON Resources Inc., f/k/a HNR Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 3730 Kirby Dr., Ste 1200, Houston, TX 77098

E-mail: 

Noteholder

By: 

Name: 

Address: 

E-mail: 

[Signature Page to Exchange Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

See attached
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022856501ex10-2_eonresour.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE NOR SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES FILED PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES
MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

Principal Amount: $___,000.00 Issue Date: __, 2025

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
as of __, 2025 (the Issue Date), EON Resources Inc.,
f/k/a HNR Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or Company),
hereby promises to pay to the order of _________ or its registered assigns (the Holder), the principal sum of $___,000.00,
payable upon the earlier of maturity or upon prepayment of this Note as set forth herein. The term Note and all
references thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented,
then as so amended or supplemented. This Note shall accrue interest at the rate of 7.5% on the principal amount of this Note. The
maturity date of this Note shall be January 31, 2028 (the Maturity Date), and is the date upon which the principal
amount, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. This Note may be prepaid in whole or
in part as explicitly set forth herein. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company,
$0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money
of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written
notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due
on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day and, in the
case of any interest payment date which is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension of the due date thereof shall
not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date. As used in this Note, the term business
day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of Los Angeles, California
are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined,
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Exchange Agreement dated __, 2025 between the parties, pursuant to which
this Note was originally issued (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Exchange Agreement).

The consideration delivered
to the Borrower at the closing for the issuance of this Note is the exchange of a principal amount of $___,000 of other securities issued
by the Company to the Holder, consisting of any promissory notes and warrants, as contemplated by the Exchange Agreement. The parties
acknowledge and agree that such issuance upon exchange is intended to constitute a Section 3(a)(9) exchange under the U.S. Securities
Act of 1933 (1933 Act).

This Note is free from all
taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar
rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The Company hereby affirms
all of its obligations to the Holder under all of the Transaction Documents and agrees and affirms as follows: (i) that as of the Issue
Date, the Company has performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all the covenants, agreements and conditions under
each of the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company; (ii) that the Company shall continue to
perform each and every covenant, agreement and condition set forth in each of the Transaction Documents and this Note, and continue to
be bound by each and all of the terms and provisions thereof and hereof; (iii) that as of the Issue Date, no default or Event of Default
has occurred or is continuing under the Exchange Agreement, the Note or any other Transaction Documents, and no event has occurred that,
with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default or an Event of Default under the Exchange Agreement,
the Note or any other Transaction Documents; and (iv) that as of the Issue Date, no event, fact, or other set of circumstances has occurred
which could reasonably be expected to have, cause, or result in a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect
means any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company and/or its subsidiaries that is material
and adverse to the Company and/or such subsidiaries and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that prohibits or otherwise materially
interferes with the ability of the Company and/or its subsidiaries to enter into and/or perform its obligations under any Transaction
Document.

The Company hereby acknowledges,
represents, warrants and confirms to the Holder that: (i) each of the Transaction Documents executed by the Company are valid and binding
obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms; and (ii) no oral representations,
statements, or inducements have been made by Holder, or any agent or representative of Holder, with respect to this Note, any other Note,
the Exchange Agreement, and all other Transaction Documents.

The following additional
terms shall also apply to this Note:

ARTICLE
I

CONVERSION RIGHTS

1.1 Conversion
Right. The Holder shall have the right at any time, and from time to time, on or after the Issue Date until the complete satisfaction
by the Borrower of all amounts owed under this Note to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal, interest, fees,
or any other obligation owed pursuant to this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists
on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be
changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) selected by the Holder for any particular conversion, determined
as provided herein (a Conversion); provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled
to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially
owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of this Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of
the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the Conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being
made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.
For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except
as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each Conversion of this Note
shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) (the numerator) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect
on the date specified in the notice of conversion (the denominator), in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice
of Conversion), delivered to the Company by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice
of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the
Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date). The term Conversion
Amount means, with respect to any Conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted
in such Conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the
interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, provided however, that the Borrower shall have the right to pay any or all
interest in cash plus (3) at the Holders option, fees on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1)
and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holders option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(f)
hereof.

2

1.2 Conversion
Price. Subject to the adjustments described herein, this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock at any time, and from
time to time, in any portion at either of the Variable Conversion Price (or the Default Conversion Price, in the sole discretion of the
Holder during a period that the Borrower is in default due to the actions of the Borrower). Conversion Price means
the greater of the then applicable Variable Conversion Price or Default Conversion Price. The Conversion Price shall be automatically
adjusted equitably for stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrowers securities
or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, as well as combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions
and similar events, but excluding private investment equity raises:

(a) Variable
Conversion Price. At any time, and from time to time, the Holder may utilize the Variable Conversion Price for conversions of this
Note into Common Stock. The Variable Conversion Price shall be a rate per share equal to the greater of: (a) $0.25 or (b) 90% multiplied
by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 10%) (the Variable Conversion Price). Market
Price means the average of the three (3) lowest VWAP Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10)
Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means the
lowest volume-weighted average daily price as reported on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is
quoted, listed or traded or, if no trading price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the trading
prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink sheets by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc.
Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the NYSE American or on the
principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being quoted or traded.

(b) Default
Conversion Price: Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon delivery by the Holder to the Borrower of a Default Notice
(as defined herein) setting forth the Event of Default under the Note, at the sole option of the Holder the Default Conversion Price
(as defined below) can be used by the Holder as the Conversion Price, at any time, and from time to time, thereafter while the Note remains
outstanding and the Borrower is in default due to the actions of the Borrower. The Default Conversion Price shall
mean $0.25 per share.

(c) Additional
Conversion Considerations. To the extent the Conversion Price of the Borrowers Common Stock closes below the par value per
share, the Borrower will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the par value of the Common Stock
to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending this adjustment. If the shares
of the Borrowers Common Stock have not been delivered within two (2) business days to the Holder after its transmittal of the
Notice of Conversion, the Notice of Conversion may be rescinded by the Holder in its sole discretion. If the Trading Price cannot be
calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually
determined by the Borrower and the Holder for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion
Price of such Notes. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value
of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion
and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal
means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable
upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted
by the Holder to the par value price.

3

(d) Pro
Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection
with a conversion of this Note, the Borrower shall issue to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve
such dispute in accordance with this Note.

1.3 Authorized
Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period the Conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon
the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized
and reserved two times (200%) the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion
Price of the Note in effect from time to time) (the Reserved Amount). The Borrower represents that upon issuance,
such shares of Common Stock will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue
any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which this Note
shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter
there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of
the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) represents that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to
its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates
for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

Borrowers failure to
maintain or to replenish the Reserved Amount within three (3) business days of a request of the Holder, shall be an Event of Default
under this Note.

1.4 Method
of Conversion.

(a) Mechanics
of Conversion. Subject to Section 1.1, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time
to time on or after the Issue Date, by (i) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable
means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (ii) subject to Section
1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower.

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted and
the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require
physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall,
prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of
this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note,
the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

4

(c) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable
means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the
Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates (or electronic shares
via DWAC transfer, at the option of Holder) for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within two (2) business days after such
receipt (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender
of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof.

(d) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the
holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid
interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article
I, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the
Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice
of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute
and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to
any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the
enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might
otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the
Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New
York, New York time, on such date.

(e) Delivery
of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion,
provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer
(FAST) program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section 1.1
and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common
Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC (as designated by the Holder
in a Notice of Conversion) through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system.

(f) Failure
to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Delivery Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other remedies,
including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
this Note is not delivered by the Deadline the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $2,000.00 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline
that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock until the Borrower issues and delivers a certificate to the Holder or credit the
Holders balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such Holders
conversion of any Conversion Amount (under Holders and Borrowers expectation that any damages will tack back to the Issue
Date). Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the
option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall
be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note
and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees
that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference
with such conversion right is difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages
provision contained in this Section 1.4(f) are justified.

5

(g) Rescindment
of a Notice of Conversion. If (i) the Borrower fails to respond to Holder within one (1) business day from the Conversion Date confirming
the details of Notice of Conversion, (ii) the Borrower fails to provide any of the shares of the Borrowers Common Stock requested
in the Notice of Conversion within two (2) business days from the date of receipt of the Note of Conversion, (iii) the Holder is unable
to procure a legal opinion required to have the shares of the Borrowers Common Stock issued unrestricted and/or deposited to sell
for any reason related to the Borrowers standing, (iv) the Holder is unable to deposit the shares of the Borrowers Common
Stock requested in the Notice of Conversion for any reason related to the Borrowers standing, (v) at any time after a missed Deadline,
at the Holders sole discretion, or (vi) if there is a trading restriction on the Common Stock on the day of or any day after the
Conversion Date, the Holder maintains the option and sole discretion to rescind the Notice of Conversion with a Notice of Rescindment.

1.5 Concerning
the Shares. Until such time as the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the 1933
Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that
can then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so
included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption
that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE OR SALE OF
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED
BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE
144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

The legend set forth above
shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if (i) the Borrower
or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable
transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the 1933 Act,
which opinion shall be reasonably accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected or (ii) in the case of the Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement
filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a
particular date that can then be immediately sold. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the
Holder with respect to the transfer of securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the
Deadline, and the does not provide a suitable replacement opinion to the Holder within two (2) business days, it will be considered an
Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

6

1.6 Effect
of Certain Events.

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of
the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into
any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default
(as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and
as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III) or (ii) be treated pursuant
to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the
Notes, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to
the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, thirty
(30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting
of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares,
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert
this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of
this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share
exchanges.

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to
the Borrowers shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off))
(a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date
of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable
to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares
of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

7

(d) Adjustment
Due to Dilutive Issuance. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues or sells, or in accordance
with this Section 1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, except for shares of Common Stock issued directly to vendors
or suppliers of the Borrower in satisfaction of amounts owed to such vendors or suppliers (provided, however, that such vendors or suppliers
shall not have an arrangement to transfer, sell or assign such shares of Common Stock prior to the issuance of such shares), any shares
of Common Stock for no consideration or for a consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions or underwriting
discounts or allowances in connection therewith) less than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of such issuance (or deemed issuance)
of such shares of Common Stock (a Dilutive Issuance), then immediately upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion
Price will be reduced to the amount of the consideration per share received by the Borrower in such Dilutive Issuance, subject to the
Holders other rights under Section 1.2 to select its Conversion Price.

The Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common
Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or grants any warrants, rights or options (not including employee stock plans or other use
of equity to pay or settle any payables or existing agreements), whether or not immediately exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase
Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock (Convertible Securities) (such
warrants, rights and options to purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities are hereinafter referred to as Options)
and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options is less than the Conversion Price then in
effect, then the Conversion Price shall be equal to such price per share. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the price per
share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options is determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any,
received or receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the issuance or granting of all such Options, plus the minimum aggregate amount
of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Borrower upon the exercise of all such Options, plus, in the case of Convertible Securities
issuable upon the exercise of such Options, the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration payable upon the conversion or exchange
thereof at the time such Convertible Securities first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all such Options (assuming full conversion of Convertible Securities, if applicable). No further
adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or upon
the conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such Options.

Additionally, the Borrower
shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities,
whether or not immediately convertible (other than where the same are issuable upon the exercise of Options), and the price per share
for which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the Conversion
Price shall be equal to such price per share. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the price per share for which Common
Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange is determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable
by the Borrower as consideration for the issuance or sale of all such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional
consideration, if any, payable to the Borrower upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities first
become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange
of all such Convertible Securities. No further adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common
Stock upon conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(e) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when any Notes are issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any Convertible Securities or rights to purchase
stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights) pro rata to the record holders of any class
of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate
Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on which a record
is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

8

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in this Section 1.6, or under Section 1.2 (regarding stock splits, combinations, etc.), the Borrower, at its expense, shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Borrower shall, upon the written
request at any time of the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment or readjustment, (ii)
the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities
or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note.

1.7 Trading
Market Limitations. Unless permitted by the applicable rules and regulations of the principal securities market on which the Common
Stock is then quoted, listed or traded, in no event shall the Borrower issue upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note more
than the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that the Borrower can issue pursuant to any rule of the principal United States securities
market on which the Common Stock is then traded (the Maximum Share Amount), subject to equitable adjustment from
time to time for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, capital reorganizations and similar events relating to the Common Stock
occurring after the Issue Date. Once the Maximum Share Amount has been issued, if the Borrower fails to eliminate any prohibitions under
applicable law or the rules or regulations of any stock exchange, interdealer quotation system or other self-regulatory organization
with jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of its securities on the Borrowers ability to issue shares of Common Stock in excess
of the Maximum Share Amount, in lieu of any further right to convert this Note, this will be considered an Event of Default under Section
3.2 of the Note.

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the shares covered thereby (other than the shares, if
any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holders allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum
Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holders rights as a Holder of such converted
portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock and
to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to comply
with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates or transmission of such shares
pursuant to Section 1.4(e) for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline
with respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status
as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to
such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or,
if this Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases,
the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive Conversion default payments
pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required thereby for such Conversion default and any subsequent Conversion default and (ii)
the right to have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent conversions determined in accordance with Section 1.2) for the
Borrowers failure to convert this Note.

1.9 Prepayment.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, the Borrower may prepay the amounts outstanding hereunder without first
obtaining the written consent of the original Holder. If the Holder sells or transfers the instrument to a non-affiliated Holder (with
permission of the Borrower), the Borrower may not prepay the amounts outstanding hereunder without first obtaining the written consent
of the subsequent Holder.

9

ARTICLE
II

CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement
structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the 1933 Act (a
3(a)(9) Transaction) or Section 3(a)(10) of the 1933 Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction). In the event
that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while
this Note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25% of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than Fifteen
Thousand Dollars ($15,000.00), will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form
of cash payment or addition to the balance of this Note.

2.2 Preservation
of Existence, etc. The Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence,
rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing
in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes
such qualification necessary.

2.3 Non-circumvention.
The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that the Borrower will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or through
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times
in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder.

2.4 Sales
of Common Stock. Unless and until an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Holder agrees that on any single Trading Day it
will not sell shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of this Note in amounts in excess of 5% of the average trading volume for
the two (2) preceding Trading Days unless the trading volume for the given day is over 1,000,000 shares; provided that such limitation
shall be waivable upon e-mail approval by e any Company executive (including without limitation, its CEO, CFO or General Counsel).

2.5 Piggyback
Registration Rights. The Company shall include on any registration statement or offering statement filed with the SEC, all shares
of Common Stock issuable and issued pursuant to the exercise of this Note. In addition to all other remedies at law or in equity or otherwise
in connection with any breaches under this Note or the other Transaction Documents, failure to do so in compliance with this Section
2.5 will result in liquidated damages of $100,000, being immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of
cash payment.

2.6 Legal
Opinions. If the Holder provides the Company (which shall be at the cost of the Company), with (i) an opinion of counsel in form,
substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of the Shares may
be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Holder provides reasonable assurances
that the Shares can be sold pursuant to Rule 144, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Shares, promptly instruct
its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified
by the Holder or, in the sole discretion of the Holder, the Company shall take all action necessary to ensure that such Shares are transferred
electronically as DWAC shares. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm
to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that
the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened
breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies
(including without limitation consequential damages), to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

10

ARTICLE
III

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

The occurrence of any of
the following shall each constitute an Event of Default with no right to notice except as specifically stated. Default
Events may be waived by the Holder:

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at
the Maturity Date, or upon any granted optional prepayment date, upon acceleration or otherwise. The Borrower has a 30-day cure period
prior to the default becoming effective. If the payment is made during or after the Default Event period, the default is considered cured.

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the Conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or
impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions
in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to
this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor
the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat
not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice
of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an Event
of Default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower
to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrowers transfer agent in order
to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower to the Holder within forty-eight (48) hours of a demand from
the Holder.

3.3 Breach
of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any covenant or other term or condition contained in this Note or in any of the Transaction Documents
including but not limited to the Exchange Agreement. The Borrower has a 30-day cure period after the Holder has provided notice of default
prior to the default becoming effective. If the breach is rectified, the default is considered cured.

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate
given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Exchange Agreement), shall be false or
misleading in any material respect when made. The Borrower has a 30-day cure period after the Holder has provided notice of default prior
to the default becoming effective. If the breach is rectified, the default is considered cured.

11

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent
to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee
shall otherwise be appointed.

3.6 Judgments.
Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of
its property or other assets for more than $100,000.00, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20)
days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

3.7 Bankruptcy;
Liquidation. (i) Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Company or any subsidiary
of the Company or the Borrower admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature, or have filed against it an
involuntary petition for bankruptcy; or (ii) any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its
business occurs.

3.8 Delisting
of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the NYSE American or an equivalent replacement
national securities exchange. The Borrower has a 30-day cure period after the Holder has provided notice of default prior to the default
becoming effective. If the breach is rectified, the default is considered cured.

3.9 Failure
to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to timely comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act (including
but not limited to becoming delinquent in its filings); and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act; and/or the Borrower shall not have publicly available all information required by paragraph (b) of Rule 15c2-11 of
the Exchange Act (as effective on September 26, 2021), as amended, such that brokers or dealers attempting to publish any quotation for
the Common Stock or, directly or indirectly, to submit any such quotation for publication, shall be able to comply with Rule 15c2-11(a).
The Borrower has a 30-day cure period after the Holder has provided notice of default prior to the default becoming effective. If the
breach is rectified, the default is considered cured.

3.10 DTC.
In the event that the Company unless outside of the Borrows control (i) loses its ability to deliver shares via DWAC/FAST
electronic transfer, or (ii) loses its stats as DTC Eligible.

3.11 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going concern
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.12 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower unless outside the Borrows control to maintain any material intellectual property rights,
personal, real property or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future) or any disposition
or conveyance of any material asset of the Borrower. The Borrower has a 30-day cure period after the Holder has provided notice of default
prior to the default becoming effective. If the breach is rectified, the default is considered cured.

3.13 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from
two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would,
by comparison to the unrestated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect
to this Note or the Exchange Agreement.

12

3.14 Reverse
Splits. The Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common Stock without twenty (20) days prior written notice to the Holder.

3.15 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Transfer Agent Instruction Letter in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Exchange Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

3.16 Cessation
of Trading. Any cessation of trading unless outside the Borrowers control of the Common Stock on the NYSE American or equivalent
national securities exchange, and such cessation of trading shall continue for a period of five consecutive (5) Trading Days.

3.17 Cross-Default.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the
Borrower of any material covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements, other than any such breach or
default which is cured by agreement of the parties, after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the
option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder shall be entitled (but
in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements by reason
of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. Other Agreements means, collectively, all agreements and instruments
between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder and any affiliate of the Holder, including, without
limitation, promissory notes. Each of the loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other
existing and future debt of Borrower to the Holder.

3.18 Inside
Information. Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual
transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information
concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrowers filing of a
Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date.

3.19 Unavailability
of Rule 144. If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i) obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter
from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holders brokerage firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrowers
transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holders conversion of any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrowers
Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and (ii) thereupon deposit such shares into the Holders brokerage account. The Borrower has
a 30-day cure period after the Holder has provided notice of default prior to the default becoming effective. If the breach is rectified,
the default is considered cured.

Upon the occurrence of any
Event of Default specified above, exercisable through the delivery of written notice to the Borrower by such Holders (the Default
Notice) the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of
its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to (x) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (y) accrued and unpaid
interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment on the amounts referred to in clauses (x) and/or (y) plus
(z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(f) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount
of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the
Default Amount).

13

The Holder shall
have the right at any time, to require the Borrower to immediately issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common
Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price then in effect, subject to the terms of this Note.
This requirement by the Borrower shall automatically apply upon the occurrence of an Event of Default without the need for any party
to give any notice or take any other action.

If the Holder
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, including, without limitation, engaging an attorney, then
if the Holder prevails in such action, the Holder shall be reimbursed by the Borrower for its attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

ARTICLE
IV

MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive
of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2 Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be delivered as contemplated
by the notice provisions under Section 6.6 of the Exchange Agreement.

4.3 Amendments.
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder.

4.4 Assignability.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its successors
and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Holder. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, (i) this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bonafide
margin account or other lending arrangement, and (ii) the Holder may assign this Note and any rights hereunder with the prior written
consent of the Borrower. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of
a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof reasonable costs of collection,
including reasonable attorneys fees.

4.6 Governing
Law; Dispute Resolution. This Note shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California without
regard to the principles of conflicts of law. Each of the Company and the Holder hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
United States federal and state courts located in Los Angeles, California, with respect to any dispute arising under the Transaction
Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING
OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGAINST THE OTHER IN RESPECT OF ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THIS NOTE. Any dispute, controversy, difference or claim that may arise between the Company and the Holder in connection with Agreement;
and all claims arising out of or relating to the validity, construction, interpretation, enforceability, breach, performance, application
or termination of this Note), shall be submitted to binding arbitration governed by the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
The seat of the arbitration shall be in the State and County of New York. There shall be only one arbitrator selected in accordance with
the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall be conducted in English and may be conducted in a virtual setting.
The arbitrators decision shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered thereon. Provided a Party has made a sufficient
showing under applicable law, the arbitrator shall have the freedom to invoke, and the Parties agree to abide by, injunctive measures
that either party submits in writing for arbitration claims requiring immediate relief. Additionally, nothing in this Section shall preclude
either Party from seeking equitable relief or interim or provisional relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, including a temporary
restraining order, preliminary injunction or other equitable relief, concerning a dispute either prior to or during arbitration if necessary
to protect the interests of such party or to preserve the status quo pending the arbitration proceeding. Each side must bear its own
costs and legal fees during the pendency of the arbitration. A Partys failure to pay any costs or fees required to proceed in
the arbitration, as they timely come due, shall result in an immediate default against that Party. The prevailing Party in the arbitration
shall be entitled to recoup all its reasonable attorneys fees and costs from the nonprevailing, including, without limitation,
all of its costs relating to the arbitration. The arbitrators final award shall include this assessment of costs and fees.

14

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding principal amount (or
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest, the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual
damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine and the amount to be so paid by the
Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty.

4.8 Exchange
Agreement. By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Exchange Agreement.

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided in this Note, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common
Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrowers shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any proposed sale, lease or conveyance
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the
Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days
prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for
the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend,
distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring
notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Section 4.9 including, but not limited to, name changes, recapitalizations, etc. as soon as possible under law.

4.10 Usury.
If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the
applicable provision shall automatically be revised to equal the maximum rate of interest or other amount deemed interest permitted under
applicable law. The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not seek to claim or take advantage of
any usury law that would prohibit or forgive the Borrower from paying all or a portion of the principal or interest on this Note.

15

4.11 Remedies.
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. No provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional,
to pay the principal of, and interest on, this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the form, herein prescribed.

4.12 Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or
rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision hereof.

4.13 Terms
of Future Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries of any security
with any term more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term (including without limitation any Conversion Price) in favor
of the holder of such security that was not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note (other than a future financing with the Holder),
then the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such additional or more favorable term and such term, at Holders option, shall become
a part of the Transaction Documents with the Holder. The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the
holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing conversion discounts, prepayment rate, conversion lookback
periods, interest rates, original issue discounts, stock sale price, private placement price per share, and warrant coverage.

*** signature page follows ***

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer as of the Issue Date.

COMPANY:

EON Resources Inc., f/k/a HNR Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged and Accepted by:

HOLDER: 

By: 

Name: 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

The undersigned hereby elects
to convert $_________________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) together with $________________ of accrued and unpaid interest
thereto, totaling $_____________ into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Common
Stock) as set forth below, of EON Resources Inc., f/k/a HNR Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower),
according to the conditions of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as of [___], 2025 (the Note), as of the
date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box Checked as to applicable instructions:

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock
issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal
At Custodian system (DWAC Transfer).

Name of DTC Prime
Broker: _____________________________________________

Account Number:
_____________________________________________

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holders calculation
attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Name: [NAME]________________________________________________________ 

Address: [ADDRESS]___________________________________________________ 

Date of Conversion: ________________________________________________________ 

Applicable
Conversion Price: $ ________________________________________________ 

Number of Shares
of Common Stock to be Issued 

Pursuant to
Conversion of the Notes:___________________________________________ 

Amount of Principal
Balance Due remaining 

Under the Note
after this conversion: ___________________________________________ 

Accrued
and unpaid interest remaining: __________________________________________ 

[HOLDER] 

By: 

Name: [NAME] 

Title: [TITLE] 

Date: [DATE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>eonr-20250122.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>eonr-20250122_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>eonr-20250122_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for three quarters of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>eonr-20250122_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 22, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41278

Entity Registrant Name EON RESOURCES INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001842556

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-4359124

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3730 Kirby Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1200

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77098

City Area Code 713

Local Phone Number 834-1145

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol EONR

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for three quarters of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, exercisable for three quarters of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol EONR WS

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EONR_ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EONR_RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForThreeQuartersOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://eon-r.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228565-8k_eonresour.htm 
eonr-20250122.xsd 
eonr-20250122_def.xml 
eonr-20250122_lab.xml 
eonr-20250122_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-006181-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0228565-8k_eonresour_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001842556 

2025-01-22 
2025-01-22 

0001842556 

EONR:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-22 
2025-01-22 

0001842556 

EONR:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForThreeQuartersOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-01-22 
2025-01-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001842556 
8-K 
2025-01-22 
EON RESOURCES INC. 
DE 
001-41278 
85-4359124 
3730 Kirby Drive 
Suite 1200 
Houston 
TX 
77098 
713 
834-1145 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
EONR 
NYSEAMER 
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for three quarters of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
EONR WS 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>