<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001704720-25-000020.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001704720-25-000020.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317164829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001704720-25-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cannae Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001704720
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING & DRINKING PLACES [5810]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				821273460
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38300
		FILM NUMBER:		25745266

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CANNAE HOLDINGS, INC.
		STREET 2:		1701 VILLAGE CENTER CIRCLE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-323-7334

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CANNAE HOLDINGS, INC.
		STREET 2:		1701 VILLAGE CENTER CIRCLE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89134
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cnne-20250314.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?cnne-20250314

0001704720false00017047202025-03-142025-03-14

United States

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):

March 14, 2025

CANNAE HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

1-38300

(Commission File Number)

Nevada 82-1273460

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 

Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number)

1701 Village Center Circle

Las Vegas, Nevada89134

(Addresses of Principal Executive Offices)

(702) 323-7330

(Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Cannae Common Stock, $0.0001 par value CNNE New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On March 17, 2025, Cannae Holdings, Inc. (Cannae, the Company, or our) entered into a three-year employment agreement with Peter T. Sadowski, our Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, (the "Chief Legal Officer Employment Agreement") and an amended and restated employment agreement with William P. Foley II, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer (the "Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement").

The Chief Legal Officer Employment Agreement is effective as of March 17, 2025 and contains a provision for automatic one-year extensions each year following the effective date and continuing thereafter unless the Company provides timely notice that the term should not be extended. Pursuant to the terms of the Chief Legal Officer Employment Agreement, Mr. Sadowski's minimum annual salary is $30,000. Mr. Sadowski is also eligible for an annual discretionary incentive bonus and participation in the Company's equity incentive plans, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company's board of directors (the Board). Mr. Sadowski and his eligible dependents are entitled and shall be eligible to medical and other insurance coverage we provide to our other top executives as a group. 

The Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement is effective as of March 17, 2025 and amends and restates Mr. Foley's previous employment agreement dated February 26, 2024. The primary change to the agreement is a new provision which provides that if Mr. Foley terminates his employment for Good Reason (as defined in the Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement), the Company shall purchase half of Mr. Foley's then owned shares of common stock of the Company for a price equal to the greater of (i) $19.50 per share or (ii) 20% greater than the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of such termination of employment.

The foregoing descriptions of the Chief Legal Officer Employment Agreement and amendments to the Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete text of the Chief Legal Officer Employment Agreement and Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement, copies of which are attached as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference in their entirety.

Item 8.01. Other Items.

On March 14, 2025, the Compensation Committee and Related Person Transaction Committee of the Company's Board of Directors approved a change to the terms of the equity incentive awards granted to each of the directors of our Board of Directors which provides that the outstanding and unvested restricted stock and equity incentive awards will become immediately vested if any director is not reelected by a vote of the Company's shareholders. 

The Company sent a letter dated March 17, 2025 to our Board of Directors notifying the directors of this change to their unvested restricted stock awards, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Description

10.1 

Employment Agreement between Cannae Holdings, Inc. and Peter T. Sadowski, effective as of March 17, 2025

10.2 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Cannae Holdings, Inc. and William P. Foley II, effective as of March 17, 2025

10.3 

Letter to Directors dated March 17, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Cannae Holdings, Inc.

Date: March 17, 2025 By: /s/ Michael L. Gravelle 

Name: Michael L. Gravelle 

Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101sadowskiemployme.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

EXHIBIT 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is effective as of March 17, 2025 (the "Effective Date"), by and between CANNAE HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and PETER T. SADOWSKI (the "Employee"). In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1.Purpose. The purpose of this Agreement is to recognize the Employee's significant contributions to the overall financial performance and success of the Company and to provide a single, integrated document which shall provide the basis for the Employee's employment by the Company. 

2.Employment and Duties. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company employs the Employee to serve in an executive capacity as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of Cannae Holdings, Inc. The Employee will perform such other duties and responsibilities as are from time to time assigned to the Employee by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, consistent with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Employee is now and may continue to serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) and, in each case, its respective affiliates or their respective successors. 

3.Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years ending on the third anniversary of the Effective Date or, if later, ending on the last day of any extension made pursuant to the next sentence, subject to prior termination as set forth in Section 8 (such term, including any extensions pursuant to the next sentence, the "Employment Term"). The Employment Term shall be extended automatically for one (1) additional year on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and for an additional year each anniversary thereafter unless and until the Company gives at least one years advance written notice to the Employee prior to the then current Employment Term expiration not to extend the Employment Term before such extension would be effectuated. Notwithstanding any termination of the Employment Term or the Employee's employment, the Employee and the Company agree that Sections 8 through 10 shall remain in effect until all parties' obligations and benefits are satisfied thereunder.

4.Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay the Employee an annual base salary, before deducting all applicable withholdings, of no less than $30,000 per year, payable at the time and in the manner dictated by the Company's standard payroll policies. Such minimum annual base salary may be periodically reviewed and increased (but not decreased without the Employees express written consent) at the discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee) to reflect, among other matters, cost of living increase and performance results (the aggregate amount of paid salary in any given year shall be referred to as the Annual Base Salary).

5.Other Compensation and Fringe Benefits. In addition to any executive bonus, deferred compensation and long-term incentive plans which the Company or an affiliate of the Company may from time to time make available to the Employee, the Employee shall be entitled to the following during the Employment Term: 

(a)the standard Company benefits enjoyed by the Company's other top executives as a group;

(b)medical and other insurance coverage (for the Employee and any covered dependents) provided by the Company to its other top executives as a group; 

(c)an annual discretionary incentive bonus opportunity under the Companys annual incentive plan (Annual Bonus Plan) for each calendar year included in the Employment Term (Annual Bonus). ; and

(d)Employee shall be eligible to participate in the Companys equity incentive plans. 

6.Vacation. For and during each calendar year within the Employment Term, the Employee shall be entitled to reasonable paid vacation periods consistent with the Employee's position and in accordance with the Company's standard policies, or as the Board may approve. In addition, the Employee shall be entitled to such holidays consistent with the Company's standard policies or as the Board or the Committee may approve.

7.Expense Reimbursement. In addition to the compensation and benefits provided herein, the Company shall, upon receipt of appropriate documentation, reimburse the Employee each month for his reasonable travel, lodging, entertainment, promotion and other ordinary and necessary business expenses to the extent such reimbursement is permitted under the Company's expense reimbursement policy. 

8.Termination of Employment. The Company or the Employee may terminate the Employee's employment at any time and for any reason in accordance with Subsection 8(a) below. The Employment Term shall be deemed to have ended on the last day of the Employee's employment. The Employment Term shall terminate automatically upon the Employee's death.

(a)Notice of Termination. Any purported termination of the Employee's employment (other than by reason of death) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination (as defined herein) from one party to the other in accordance with the notice provisions contained in Section 25. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a notice that indicates the Date of Termination (as that term is defined in Subsection 8(b)) and, with respect to a termination due to Disability (as that term is defined in Subsection 8(e)), Cause (as that term is defined in Subsection 8(d)), or Good Reason (as that term is defined in Subsection 8(f)), sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances that are alleged to provide a basis for such termination. A Notice of Termination from the Company shall specify whether the termination is with or 

without Cause or due to the Employee's Disability. A Notice of Termination from the Employee shall specify whether the termination is with or without Good Reason. 

(b) Date of Termination. For purposes of this Agreement, "Date of Termination" shall mean the date specified in the Notice of Termination (but in no event shall such date be earlier than the thirtieth (30th) day following the date the Notice of Termination is given) or the date of the Employee's death. 

(c) No Waiver. The failure to set forth any fact or circumstance in a Notice of Termination, which fact or circumstance was not known to the party giving the Notice of Termination when the notice was given, shall not constitute a waiver of the right to assert such fact or circumstance in an attempt to enforce any right under or provision of this Agreement.

(d) Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination for "Cause" means a termination by the Company based upon the Employee's: (i) persistent failure to perform duties consistent with a commercially reasonable standard of care (other than due to a physical or mental impairment or due to an action or inaction directed by the Company that would otherwise constitute Good Reason); (ii) willful neglect of duties (other than due to a physical or mental impairment or due to an action or inaction directed by the Company that would otherwise constitute Good Reason); (iii) conviction of, or pleading nolo contendere to, criminal or other illegal activities involving dishonesty; (iv) material breach of this Agreement that causes a material and adverse detriment to the Companys business; or (v) failure to materially cooperate with or impeding an investigation authorized by the Board; provided, however, that the Employee shall have been given reasonable opportunity (A) to cure any act or omission that constitutes Cause if capable of cure and (B), together with counsel, during the thirty (30) day period following the receipt by the Employee of the Notice of Termination and prior to the adoption of the Board's resolution, to be heard by the Board.

(e) Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination based upon "Disability" means a termination by the Company based upon the Employee's entitlement to long-term disability benefits under the Company's or FNFs (as applicable) long-term disability plan or policy, as the case may be, as in effect on the Date of Termination.

(f) Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination for "Good Reason" means a termination by the Employee during the Employment Term based upon the occurrence (without the Employee's express written consent) of any of the following:

(i)a material diminution in the Employee's position or title, or the assignment of duties to the Employee that are materially inconsistent with the Employee's position or title;

(ii)a material diminution in the Employee's Annual Base Salary or Annual Bonus Opportunity; 

(iii)relocates Employees principal place of employment to a location outside of Las Vegas, Nevada; 

(iv)within six (6) months immediately preceding or within two (2) years immediately following a Change in Control: (A) a material adverse change in the Employee's status, authority or responsibility (e.g., the Employee no longer serving as President would constitute such a material adverse change); (B) a material adverse change in the position to whom the Employee reports (including any requirement that the Employee report to a corporate officer or employee instead of reporting directly to the Board) or to the Employee's service relationship (or the conditions under which the Employee performs his duties) as a result of such reporting structure change, or a material diminution in the authority, duties or responsibilities of the position to whom the Employee reports; (C) a material diminution in the budget over which the Employee has managing authority; or (D) a material change in the geographic location of the Employee's principal place of employment (e.g., the Company has determined that a relocation of more than thirty-five (35) miles would constitute such a material change); or

(v)a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee being placed on a paid leave for up to sixty (60) days pending a determination of whether there is a basis to terminate the Employee for Cause shall not constitute Good Reason. The Employee's continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure to act constituting Good Reason hereunder; provided, however, that no such event described above shall constitute Good Reason unless: (1) the Employee gives Notice of Termination to the Company specifying the condition or event relied upon for such termination either: (x) within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such event; or (y) in the case of an event predating a Change in Control, within ninety (90) days of the Change in Control; and (2) the Company fails to cure the condition or event constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days following receipt of the Employee's Notice of Termination.

9.Obligations of the Company Upon Termination.

(a)Termination by the Company for a Reason Other than Cause, Death or, Disability or Termination by the Employee for Good Reason. If the Employees employment is terminated by: (1) the Company for any reason other than Cause, Death or Disability; or (2) the Employee for Good Reason: 

i.the Company shall pay the Employee the following (collectively, the "Accrued Obligations"): (A) within five (5) business days after the Date of Termination, any earned but unpaid Annual Base Salary; (B) within a 

reasonable time following submission of all applicable documentation, any expense reimbursement payments owed to the Employee for expenses incurred prior to the Date of Termination and (C) no later than March 15th of the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, any earned but unpaid Annual Bonus payments relating to the prior calendar year;

ii.the Company shall pay the Employee no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, a prorated Annual Bonus based upon the actual Annual Bonus that would have been earned by the Employee for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs (based upon the target Annual Bonus opportunity in the year in which the Date of Termination occurred, or the prior year if no target Annual Bonus opportunity has yet been determined, and the actual satisfaction of the applicable performance measures, but ignoring any requirement under the annual bonus plan that the Employee must be employed on the payment date) multiplied by the percentage of the calendar year completed before the Date of Termination (the Post-Termination Pro-Rata Bonus Payment);

iii.the Company shall pay the Employee, no later than the sixty-fifth (65th) calendar day after the Date of Termination, a lump-sum payment equal to: (A) 100% of the Employee's Annual Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination (disregarding any reduction in Annual Base Salary to which the Employee did not expressly consent in writing); and (B) 100% of the highest Annual Bonus paid to the Employee by the Company within the three (3) years preceding his termination of employment; 

iv.all stock option, restricted stock, profits interest, other equity-based incentive awards granted by the Company that were outstanding but not vested as of the Date of Termination shall become immediately vested and/or payable, as the case may be, provided, however, that any such equity awards that are vested pursuant to this provision and that constitute a non-qualified deferred compensation arrangement within the meaning of Code Section 409A shall be paid or settled on the earliest date coinciding with or following the Date of Termination that does not result in a violation of or penalties under Section 409A (the Existing Equity Acceleration); and

v.the Company shall provide the Employee with certain continued welfare benefits as follows:

A.Any life insurance coverage provided by the Company shall terminate at the same time as life insurance coverage would normally terminate for any other employee that terminates employment with the Company, and the Employee shall have the right to convert that life insurance coverage to an individual policy under the regular rules of the Company's group policy. In addition, 

if the Employee is covered under or receives life insurance coverage provided by the Company on the Date of Termination, then within thirty (30) business days after the Date of Termination, the Company shall pay the Employee a lump sum cash payment equal to thirty-six (36) monthly life insurance premiums based on the monthly premiums that would be due assuming that the Employee had converted his Company life insurance coverage that was in effect on the Notice of Termination into an individual policy.

B.As long as the Employee pays the full monthly premiums for COBRA coverage, the Company shall provide the Employee and, as applicable, the Employee's eligible dependents with continued medical and dental coverage, on the same basis as provided to the Company's active executives and their dependents until the earlier of: (i) three (3) years after the Date of Termination; or (ii) the date the Employee is first eligible for medical and dental coverage (without pre-existing condition limitations) with a subsequent employer. In addition, within thirty (30) business days after the Date of Termination, the Company shall pay the Employee a lump sum cash payment equal to thirty-six (36) monthly medical and dental COBRA premiums based on the level of coverage in effect for the Employee (e.g., employee only or family coverage) on the Date of Termination

(b) Termination by the Company for Cause and by the Employee without Good Reason. If the Employee's employment is terminated (i) by the Company for Cause or (ii) by the Employee without Good Reason (excluding for this purpose the Employee terminating his employment without Good Reason during the six (6) month period immediately following a Change in Control in accordance with Section 9(a)), the Company's only obligation under this Agreement shall be payment of any Accrued Obligations

(c) Termination due to Death, Disability or Incapacity. If the Employee's employment is terminated due to death or Disability or if a court of competent jurisdiction determines Employee to be incapacitated, the Company shall pay the Employee (or to the Employee's estate or personal representative in the case of death and, if appropriate, Disability), within thirty (30) business days after the Date of Termination: (i) any Accrued Obligations, (ii) Post-Termination Pro-Rata Bonus Payment, and (iii) Existing Equity Acceleration.

(d) Definition of Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Change in Control" shall mean that the conditions set forth in any one of the following subsections shall have been satisfied: 

i.the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any "person" (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof) of 

"beneficial ownership" (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all outstanding securities of the Company; 

ii.a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity, except for a transaction in which the holders of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation hold, in the aggregate, securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all outstanding voting securities of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation; 

iii.a reverse merger in which the Company is the surviving entity but in which securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all outstanding voting securities of the Company are transferred to or acquired by a person or persons different from the persons holding those securities immediately prior to such merger; 

iv.during any period of two (2) consecutive years during the Employment Term or any extensions thereof, individuals, who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, unless the election of each director who was not a director at the beginning of such period has been approved in advance by directors representing at least two-thirds of the directors then in office who were directors at the beginning of the period;

v.the sale, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of assets of the Company that have a total fair market value equal to or more than one-third of the total fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such sale, transfer or other disposition, other than a sale, transfer or other disposition to an entity (A) which immediately following such sale, transfer or other disposition owns, directly or indirectly, at least fifty percent (50%) of the Company's outstanding voting securities or (B) fifty percent (50%) or more of whose outstanding voting securities is immediately following such sale, transfer or other disposition owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. For purposes of the foregoing clause, the sale of stock of a subsidiary of the Company (or the assets of such subsidiary) shall be treated as a sale of assets of the Company; or 

vi.the approval by the stockholders of a plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

(e) Six-Month Delay. To the extent the Employee is a "specified employee," as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder and any elections made by the Company in 

accordance therewith, notwithstanding the timing of payment provided in any other Section of this Agreement, no payment, distribution or benefit under this Agreement that constitutes a distribution of deferred compensation (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)) upon separation from service (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)), after taking into account all available exemptions, that would otherwise be payable during the six (6) month period after separation from service, will be made during such six (6) month period, and any such payment, distribution or benefit will instead be paid on the first business day after such six (6) month period, provided, however, that if the Employee dies following the Date of Termination and prior to the payment, distribution, settlement or provision of any payments, distributions or benefits delayed on account of Code Section 409A, such payments, distributions or benefits shall be paid or provided to the personal representative of the Employees estate within 30 days after the date of Employees death. 

10.Excise Tax. If any payments or benefits paid or provided or to be paid or provided to the Employee or for Employees benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise in connection with, or arising out of, employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or the termination thereof (a "Payment" and, collectively, the "Payments") would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then Employee may elect for such Payments to be reduced to one dollar less than the amount that would constitute a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code (the Scaled Back Amount). Any such election must be in writing and delivered to the Company within thirty (30) days after the Date of Termination. If Employee does not elect to have Payments reduced to the Scaled Back Amount, Employee shall be responsible for payment of any Excise Tax resulting from the Payments and Employee shall not be entitled to a gross-up payment under this Agreement or any other for such Excise Tax. If the Payments are to be reduced, they shall be reduced in the following order of priority: (i) first from cash compensation, (ii) next from equity compensation, then (iii) pro-rata among all remaining Payments and benefits. To the extent there is a question as to which Payments within any of the foregoing categories are to be reduced first, the Payments that will produce the greatest present value reduction in the Payments with the least reduction in economic value provided to Employee shall be reduced first. Notwithstanding the order of priority of reduction set forth above, the Employee may include in the Employees election for a Scaled Back Amount a change to the order of such Payment reduction. The Company shall follow such revised reduction order, if and only if, the Company, in its sole judgment, determines such change does not violate the provisions of Code Section 409A.

11.Non-Delegation of the Employee's Rights. The obligations, rights and benefits of the Employee hereunder are personal and may not be delegated, assigned or transferred in any manner whatsoever, nor are such obligations, rights or benefits subject to involuntary alienation, assignment or transfer. 

12.Confidential Information. The Employee acknowledges that he will occupy a position of trust and confidence and will have access to and learn substantial information about the Company and its affiliates and their operations that is confidential or not generally known in the industry including, without limitation, information that relates to purchasing, sales, 

customers, marketing, and the financial positions and financing arrangements of the Company and its affiliates. The Employee agrees that all such information is proprietary or confidential, or constitutes trade secrets and is the sole property of the Company and/or its affiliates, as the case may be. The Employee will keep confidential, and will not reproduce, copy or disclose to any other person or firm, any such information or any documents or information relating to the Company's or its affiliates' methods, processes, customers, accounts, analyses, systems, charts, programs, procedures, correspondence or records, or any other documents used or owned by the Company or any of its affiliates, nor will the Employee advise, discuss with or in any way assist any other person, firm or entity in obtaining or learning about any of the items described in this Section 12. Accordingly, the Employee agrees that during the Employment Term and at all times thereafter he will not disclose, or permit or encourage anyone else to disclose, any such information, nor will he utilize any such information, either alone or with others, outside the scope of his duties and responsibilities with the Company and its affiliates.

13.Non-Competition.

a.During Employment Term. The Employee agrees that, during the Employment Term, Employee will devote such business time, attention and energies reasonably necessary to the diligent and faithful performance of the services to the Company and its affiliates under this Agreement, and, subject to Section 13(c), Employee will not engage in any way whatsoever, directly or indirectly, in any business that is a direct competitor with the Company's or its affiliates' principal business, nor solicit customers, suppliers or employees of the Company or affiliates on behalf of, or in any other manner work for or assist any business which is a direct competitor with the Company's or its affiliates' principal business. In addition, during the Employment Term and subject to Section 13(c), Employee will undertake no planning for or organization of any business activity competitive with the work he performs as an employee of the Company, and Employee will not combine or conspire with any other employee of the Company or any other person for the purpose of organizing any such competitive business activity. 

b.After Employment Term. The parties acknowledge that Employee will acquire substantial knowledge and information concerning the business of the Company and its affiliates as a result of his employment. The parties further acknowledge that the scope of business in which the Company and its affiliates are engaged as of the Effective Date is national and very competitive and one in which few companies can successfully compete. Competition by Employee in that business after the Employment Term would severely injure the Company and its affiliates. Accordingly, for a period of one (1) year after Employee's employment terminates for any reason whatsoever, except as otherwise stated in Section 13(c), Employee agrees: (i) not to become an employee, consultant, advisor, principal, partner or substantial shareholder of any firm or business that directly competes with the Company or its affiliates in their principal products and markets; and (ii), on behalf of any such competitive firm or business, not to solicit any person or business that was at the time of such termination and remains a customer or 

prospective customer, a supplier or prospective supplier, or an employee of the Company or an affiliate. 

c. Exclusion. Working, directly or indirectly, for any of the following entities shall not be considered competitive to the Company or its affiliates for the purpose of this Section 13: (i) FNF, and (ii) its respective affiliates or successors. 

14.Return of Company Documents. Upon termination of the Employment Term, the Employee shall return immediately to the Company all records and documents of or pertaining to the Company or its affiliates and shall not make or retain any copy or extract of any such record or document, or any other property of the Company or its affiliates.

15.Improvements and Inventions. Any and all improvements or inventions that the Employee may make or participate in during the Employment Term, unless wholly unrelated to the business of the Company and its affiliates and not produced within the scope of the Employee's employment hereunder, shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company. The Employee shall, whenever requested by the Company, execute and deliver any and all documents that the Company deems appropriate in order to apply for and obtain patents or copyrights in improvements or inventions or in order to assign and/or convey to the Company the sole and exclusive right, title and interest in and to such improvements, inventions, patents, copyrights or applications.

16.Actions. The parties agree and acknowledge that the rights conveyed by this Agreement are of a unique and special nature and that the Company and Employee will not have an adequate remedy at law in the event of a failure by the other party to abide by its terms and conditions, nor will money damages adequately compensate for such injury. Therefore, it is agreed between and hereby acknowledged by the parties that, in the event of a breach by a party of this Agreement of any of its and his obligations of this Agreement, the other party shall have the right, among other rights, to damages sustained thereby and to obtain an injunction or decree of specific performance from any court of competent jurisdiction to restrain or compel the other party to perform as agreed herein. The Employee hereby acknowledges that obligations under Sections and Subsections 12, 13(b), 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18 shall survive the termination of employment and be binding by their terms at all times subsequent to the termination of employment for the periods specified therein. Nothing herein shall in any way limit or exclude any other right granted by law or equity to the Company.

17.Release. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company may require that, prior to payment of any amount or provision of any benefit under Section 9 (other than due to the Employee's death), the Employee shall have executed a complete mutual release in such form as is mutually agreed by the Company and Employee, and any waiting periods contained in such release shall have expired; provided, however, that such release relates only to the Employee's employment relationship with the Company. With respect to any release required to receive payments owed pursuant to Section 9, the Company must provide the Employee with the form of release no later than seven (7) days after the Date of Termination and the release must be signed by the Employee and 

returned to the Company, unchanged, effective and irrevocable, no later than sixty (60) days after the Date of Termination.

18.No Mitigation. The Company agrees that, if the Employee's employment hereunder is terminated during the Employment Term, the Employee is not required to seek other employment or to attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to the Employee by the Company hereunder. Further, the amount of any payment or benefit provided for hereunder (other than pursuant to Subsection 9(a)(v) hereof) shall not be reduced by any compensation earned by the Employee as the result of employment by another employer, by retirement benefits or otherwise.

19.Entire Agreement and Amendment. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes and replaces all prior agreements, understandings and commitments with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement may be amended only by a written document signed by both parties to this Agreement.

20.Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. Any litigation pertaining to this Agreement shall be adjudicated in courts located in Clark County, Nevada.

21.Successors. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Employee. In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor to the Company, the Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the stock, business and/or assets of the Company, to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. Failure of the Company to obtain such assumption by a successor shall be a material breach of this Agreement. The Employee agrees and consents to any such assumption by a successor of the Company, as well as any assignment of this Agreement by the Company for that purpose. As used in this Agreement, "Company" shall mean the Company as herein before defined as well as any such successor that expressly assumes this Agreement or otherwise becomes bound by all of its terms and provisions by operation of law. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors or assigns.

22.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

23.Attorneys' Fees. If any party finds it necessary to employ legal counsel or to bring an action at law or other proceedings against the other party to interpret or enforce any of the terms hereof, the party prevailing in any such action or other proceeding shall be promptly paid by the other party its reasonable legal fees, court costs, litigation expenses, all as determined by the court and not a jury, and such payment shall be made by the non-prevailing party no later than the end of the Employee's tax year following the 

Employee's tax year in which the payment amount becomes known and payable; provided, however, that on or after a Change in Control, and following the Employee's termination of employment with the Company, if any party finds it necessary to employ legal counsel or to bring an action at law or other proceedings against the other party to interpret or enforce any of the terms hereof, the Company shall pay (on an ongoing basis) to the Employee to the fullest extent permitted by law, all legal fees, court costs and litigation expenses reasonably incurred by the Employee or others on his behalf (such amounts collectively referred to as the "Reimbursed Amounts"); provided, further, that the Employee shall reimburse the Company for the Reimbursed Amounts if it is determined that a majority of the Employee's claims or defenses were frivolous or without merit. Requests for payment of Reimbursed Amounts, together with all documents required by the Company to substantiate them, must be submitted to the Company no later than ninety (90) days after the expense was incurred. The Reimbursed Amounts shall be paid by the Company within ninety (90) days after receiving the request and all substantiating documents requested from the Employee. The payment of Reimbursed Amounts during the Employee's tax year will not impact the Reimbursed Amounts for any other taxable year. The rights under this Section 23 shall survive the termination of employment and this Agreement until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.

24.Severability. If any section, subsection or provision hereof is found for any reason whatsoever to be invalid or inoperative, that section, subsection or provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the force and validity of any other provision of this Agreement. If any covenant herein is determined by a court to be overly broad thereby making the covenant unenforceable, the parties agree and it is their desire that such court shall substitute a reasonable judicially enforceable limitation in place of the offensive part of the covenant and that as so modified the covenant shall be as fully enforceable as if set forth herein by the parties themselves in the modified form. The covenants of the Employee in this Agreement shall each be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision in this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action of the Employee against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of the covenants in this Agreement.

25.Notices. Any notice, request, or instruction to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when personally delivered or three (3) days after being sent by United States Certified Mail, postage prepaid, with Return Receipt Requested, to the parties at their respective addresses set forth below:

To the Company:

Cannae Holdings, Inc.

1701 Village Center Circle

Las Vegas, NV 89134

Attention: General Counsel

To the Employee:

Peter T. Sadowski

At the address shown on the Companys records

26.Waiver of Breach. The waiver by any party of any provisions of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any prior or subsequent breach by the other party.

27.Tax Withholding. The Company or an affiliate may deduct from all compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement any taxes or withholdings the Company is required to deduct pursuant to state, federal or local laws.

28. Code Section 409A. To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and any payment made hereunder shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and any related regulations or other guidance promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service ("Code Section 409A"). Any provision that would cause the Agreement or any payment hereof to fail to satisfy Code Section 409A shall have no force or effect until amended to comply with Code Section 409A, which amendment may be retroactive to the extent permitted by Code Section 409A. Each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. In no event may Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A, including, without limitation, that (i) in no event shall reimbursements by the Company under this Agreement be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the applicable fees and expenses were incurred; (ii) the amount of in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any given calendar year shall not affect the in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any other calendar year; (iii) the Employees right to have the Company pay or provide such reimbursements and in-kind benefits may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit; and (iv) in no event shall the Companys obligations to make such reimbursements or to provide such in-kind benefits apply later than the Employees remaining lifetime. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, (x) in no event shall the Date of Termination occur until the Employee experiences a separation of service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, and the date on which such separation from service takes place shall be the Date of Termination, and all references herein to a termination of employment (or words of similar meaning) shall mean a separation of service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and (y) to the extent the payment of any amount pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)) and such amount is payable within a number of days (e.g., no later than the sixty-fifth (65th) calendar day after the Date of Termination) that begins in one calendar year and ends in a subsequent calendar year, such amount shall be paid in the subsequent calendar year. The Employee acknowledges that he has been advised to consult with an attorney and any other advisors of Employees choice prior to executing this Agreement, and the Employee further acknowledges that, in entering into this Agreement, he has not relied upon any representation or statement made by any agent or representative of Company or its affiliates that is not expressly set forth in this Agreement, including, without limitation, any representation with respect to the consequences or characterization 

(including for purpose of tax withholding and reporting) of the payment of any compensation or benefits hereunder under Section 409A of the Code and any similar sections of state tax law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

CANNAE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/Michael L. Gravelle

Its: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

PETER T. SADOWSKI

/s/Peter T. Sadowski
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit102foleyemploymenta.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

EXHIBIT 10.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is effective as of March 17, 2025 (the "Effective Date"), by and between CANNAE HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and WILLIAM P. FOLEY, II (the "Employee") and amends and restates that certain employment agreement dated February 26, 2024 by and between the Company and Employee. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1.Purpose. The purpose of this Agreement is to recognize the Employee's significant contributions to the overall financial performance and success of the Company and to provide a single, integrated document which shall provide the basis for the Employee's employment by the Company. 

2.Employment and Duties. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company employs the Employee to serve in an executive capacity as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of the Board of Cannae Holdings, Inc. The Employee accepts such employment and agrees to undertake and discharge the duties, functions and responsibilities set forth in Appendix A attached hereto as reasonably determined by Employee. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Employee is now and may continue to serve as Chairman of Fidelity National Financial, Inc., Managing Member of Trasimene Capital Management, LLC, Executive Chairman of Dun & Bradstreet Holdings, Inc., Executive Chairman of F&G Life & Annuities, Inc., director of Alight, Inc., and his various owned and managed personal real estate, winery, restaurant, hockey, soccer and other businesses and investments, in each case, as from time to time constituted and, in each case, its respective affiliates or their respective successors. 

3.Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue through March 31, 2027 or, if later, ending on the last day of any extension made pursuant to the next sentence, subject to prior termination as set forth in Section 8 (such term, including any extensions pursuant to the next sentence, the "Employment Term"). The Employment Term shall be extended automatically for one (1) additional year on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and for an additional year each anniversary thereafter unless and until the Company gives at least one years advance written notice to the Employee prior to the then current Employment Term expiration not to extend the Employment Term before such extension would be effectuated. Notwithstanding any termination of the Employment Term or the Employee's employment, the Employee and the Company agree that Sections 8 through 10 shall remain in effect until all parties' obligations and benefits are satisfied thereunder.

4.Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay the Employee an annual base salary, before deducting all applicable withholdings, of no less than $1,000,000 per year, payable at the time and in the manner dictated by the Company's standard payroll policies. Such minimum annual base salary may be periodically reviewed and increased (but not decreased without the Employees express written consent) at the discretion of 

the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee) to reflect, among other matters, cost of living increase and performance results (the aggregate amount of paid salary in any given year shall be referred to as the Annual Base Salary).

5.Other Compensation and Fringe Benefits. In addition to any executive bonus, deferred compensation and long-term incentive plans which the Company or an affiliate of the Company may from time to time make available to the Employee, the Employee shall be entitled to the following during the Employment Term and except as described below, at no cost to Employee: 

(a)the standard Company benefits enjoyed by the Company's other top executives as a group;

(b)medical and other insurance coverage (for the Employee and any covered dependents) provided by the Company to its other top executives as a group. As of the Effective Date, the Company is not providing medical or other insurance coverage to Employee and any covered dependents; 

(c) on the later of the Effective Date or on the second business day following the expiration of any trading blackout, a grant of 1,000,000 shares of Company restricted common stock units with time-based only vesting as follows: 400,000 shares on July 2, 2024, 400,000 shares on July 2, 2025, and 200,000 shares on July 2, 2026. In accordance with Section 9.4 of the Companys 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan dated November 17, 2017 (the Omnibus Plan), the Company and the Companys Compensation Committee have agreed to deposit 1,000,000 restricted stock shares into a Rabbi Trust with Employee as the sole beneficiary, which shall provide all shares are eligible to vote immediately with pass-through voting rights with respect such deposited shares. In accordance with Section 9.5 of the Omnibus Plan, the Company and the Companys Compensation Committee have agreed that the award of restricted stock units agreement shall provide the Employee with the right to receive dividend equivalents, which will be credited to an account for the Employee and will be subject to the vesting conditions applicable to such award, and shall be settled in cash. Such dividend equivalents shall be paid on the date that the restricted stock units with respect to the dividend equivalents vest. Restricted units/shares will be governed by the terms of a definitive award agreement attached hereto as Annex B. In the event that the Company does not receive any necessary shareholder approval for this grant, the Company shall pay the cash equivalent to Employee; 

(d) on or prior to March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026, participation in the Company's equity incentive plans in an annual amount of at least 150,000 (150,000 shares on or prior to March 31, 2025 and 150,000 shares on or prior to March 31, 2026) shares of Company restricted common stock units, par value $0.0001 per share with time-based only vesting in three equal annual installments. In accordance with Section 9.4 of the Companys 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan dated November 17, 2017 (the Omnibus Plan), the Company and the Companys Compensation Committee have agreed to deposit 150,000 restricted stock shares on each grant date into a Rabbi Trust with Employee as the sole beneficiary, which shall 

provide all shares are eligible to vote immediately with pass-through voting rights with respect such deposited shares. In accordance with Section 9.5 of the Omnibus Plan, the Company and the Companys Compensation Committee have agreed that the award of restricted stock units agreement shall provide the Employee with the right to receive dividend equivalents, which will be credited to an account for the Employee and will be subject to the vesting conditions applicable to such award, and shall be settled in cash. Such dividend equivalents shall be paid on the date that the restricted stock units with respect to the dividend equivalents vest. Restricted units/shares will be governed by the terms of a definitive award agreement attached hereto as Annex B. In the event that the Company does not have sufficient capacity in its Omnibus Plan to make these grants or the Company does not receive any necessary shareholder approval for these grants, the Company shall pay the cash equivalent to Employee;

(e) eligibility to receive annual cash bonus payments beginning in 2025 based on performance at the discretion of the Companys Compensation Committee.

(f) personal, family, and home(s) security in the manner as at least provided to Employee on the Effective Date. As of the Effective Date, Cannae is not paying for any personal, family and home(s) security for Employee; and

(g) for security reasons, travel on private jet aircraft as determined by Employee for business and personal purposes, which Cannae will pay 100% for business travel and 50% for personal travel. 

6.Vacation. For and during each calendar year within the Employment Term, the Employee shall be entitled to reasonable paid vacation periods consistent with the Employee's position and in accordance with the Company's standard policies, or as the Board may approve. In addition, the Employee shall be entitled to such holidays consistent with the Company's standard policies or as the Board or the Committee may approve.

7.Expense Reimbursement. In addition to the compensation and benefits provided herein, the Company shall, upon receipt of appropriate documentation, reimburse the Employee each month for his reasonable travel, lodging, entertainment, promotion and other ordinary and necessary business expenses to the extent such reimbursement is permitted under the Company's expense reimbursement policy. 

8.Termination of Employment. The Company or the Employee may terminate the Employee's employment at any time and for any reason in accordance with Subsection 8(a) below. The Employment Term shall be deemed to have ended on the last day of the Employee's employment. The Employment Term shall terminate automatically upon the Employee's death.

(a)Notice of Termination. Any purported termination of the Employee's employment (other than by reason of death) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination (as defined herein) from one party to the other in accordance with the notice provisions contained in Section 25. For purposes of 

this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a notice that indicates the Date of Termination (as that term is defined in Subsection 8(b)) and, with respect to a termination due to Disability (as that term is defined in Subsection 8(e)), Cause (as that term is defined in Subsection 8(d)), or Good Reason (as that term is defined in Subsection 8(f)), sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances that are alleged to provide a basis for such termination. A Notice of Termination from the Company shall specify whether the termination is with or without Cause or due to the Employee's Disability. A Notice of Termination from the Employee shall specify whether the termination is with or without Good Reason. 

(b)Date of Termination. For purposes of this Agreement, "Date of Termination" shall mean the date specified in the Notice of Termination (but in no event shall such date be earlier than the thirtieth (30th) day following the date the Notice of Termination is given) or the date of the Employee's death. 

(c)No Waiver. The failure to set forth any fact or circumstance in a Notice of Termination, which fact or circumstance was not known to the party giving the Notice of Termination when the notice was given, shall not constitute a waiver of the right to assert such fact or circumstance in an attempt to enforce any right under or provision of this Agreement.

(d)Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination for "Cause" means a termination by the Company based upon the Employee's: (i) conviction of, or pleading nolo contendere to, criminal or other illegal activities involving dishonesty; (ii) material breach of this Agreement that causes a material and adverse detriment to the Companys business; or (iii) failure to materially cooperate with or impeding an investigation authorized by the Board. The Employee's termination for Cause shall be effective when and if a resolution is duly adopted by an affirmative vote of at least of the Board (less the Employee), stating that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Employee is guilty of the conduct described in the Notice of Termination and such conduct constitutes Cause under this Agreement; provided, however, that the Employee shall have been given reasonable opportunity (A) to cure any act or omission that constitutes Cause if capable of cure and (B), together with counsel, during the thirty (30) day period following the receipt by the Employee of the Notice of Termination and prior to the adoption of the Board's resolution, to be heard by the Board.

(e)Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination based upon "Disability" means a termination by the Company based upon the Employee's entitlement to long-term disability benefits under the Company's long-term disability plan or policy, as the case may be, as in effect on the Date of Termination.

(f)Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination for "Good Reason" means a termination by the Employee during the Employment Term based upon the occurrence (without the Employee's express written consent) of any of the following: 

i.a material diminution in the Employee's position or title, or the assignment of duties to the Employee that are materially inconsistent with the Employee's position or title;

ii.a material diminution in the Employee's Annual Base Salary; 

iii.relocates Employees principal place of employment to a location outside of Las Vegas, Nevada; 

iv.within six (6) months immediately preceding or within two (2) years immediately following a Change in Control: (A) a material adverse change in the Employee's status, authority or responsibility (e.g., the Employee no longer serving as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board would constitute such a material adverse change); (B) a material adverse change in the position to whom the Employee reports (including any requirement that the Employee report to a corporate officer or employee instead of reporting directly to the Board) or to the Employee's service relationship (or the conditions under which the Employee performs his duties) as a result of such reporting structure change, or a material diminution in the authority, duties or responsibilities of the position to whom the Employee reports; (C) a material diminution in the budget over which the Employee has managing authority; or (D) a material change in the geographic location of the Employee's principal place of employment (e.g., the Company has determined that a relocation of more than thirty-five (35) miles would constitute such a material change); 

v.a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement; 

vi.election of a new director to the Companys Board who Employee (as a director of the Board) did not consent to or vote for; 

vii.the Companys failure to nominate or recommend Employees election to the Companys Board or Employee is not voted by the Companys shareholders for election to the Companys Board; or

viii.the Company or Cannae Holdings, LLC terminates or does not perform its obligations under the Third Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement by and among the Company, Cannae Holdings, LLC and Trasimene Capital Management, LLC. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee being placed on a paid leave for up to sixty (60) days pending a determination of whether there is a basis to terminate the Employee for Cause shall not constitute Good Reason. The Employee's continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure to act constituting Good Reason hereunder; provided, however, that no such event described above shall constitute Good Reason unless: (1) the Employee gives Notice of Termination to the Company specifying the condition or event relied upon for such termination either: (x) within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such event; or (y) in the case of an event predating a Change in Control, within ninety (90) days of the Change in Control; and (2) the Company fails to cure the condition or event constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days following receipt of the Employee's Notice of Termination.

9.Obligations of the Company Upon Termination.

(a)Termination by the Company for a Reason Other than Cause, Death or, Disability or Termination by the Employee for Good Reason. If the Employees employment is terminated by: (1) the Company for any reason other than Cause, Death or Disability; or (2) the Employee for Good Reason: 

i.the Company shall pay the Employee the following (collectively, the "Accrued Obligations"): (A) within five (5) business days after the Date of Termination, any earned but unpaid Annual Base Salary; and (B) within a reasonable time following submission of all applicable documentation, any expense reimbursement payments owed to the Employee for expenses incurred prior to the Date of Termination;

ii.the Company shall pay the Employee no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, a prorated annual bonus, if provided, based upon the actual annual bonus that would have been earned by the Employee for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs (based upon the target annual bonus opportunity in the year in which the Date of Termination occurred, or the prior year if no target annual bonus opportunity has yet been determined, and the actual satisfaction of the applicable performance measures, but ignoring any requirement under the annual bonus plan that the Employee must be employed on the payment date) multiplied by the percentage of the calendar year completed before the Date of Termination (the Post-Termination Pro-Rata Bonus Payment);

iii.the Company shall pay the Employee, no later than the sixty-fifth (65th) calendar day after the Date of Termination, a lump-sum payment equal to: (A) 300% of the Employee's Annual Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination (disregarding any reduction in Annual Base Salary to which the Employee did not expressly consent in writing); and (B) 300% of the highest annual bonus paid to the Employee by the Company within the three (3) years preceding his termination of employment or, if higher, the target annual bonus opportunity in the year in which the Date of Termination occurs; 

iv.all stock option, restricted stock, profits interest, other equity-based incentive awards, including any accrued but unpaid dividends, granted by the Company that were outstanding but not vested as of the Date of Termination shall become immediately vested and/or payable, as the case may be, provided, however, that any such equity awards that are vested pursuant to this provision and that constitute a non-qualified deferred compensation arrangement within the meaning of Code Section 409A shall be paid or settled on the earliest date coinciding with or following the Date of Termination that does not result in a violation of or penalties under Section 409A (the Existing Equity Acceleration); and

v.in the event Employee terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason under any provision of Section 8(a)(f), the Company shall 

purchase 50% of Employees then owned Company shares for a price equal to $19.50 per share or 20% greater than the Companys closing stock price on Employees Date of Termination, whichever is greater, with closing to occur on the Date of Termination. 

(b) Termination by the Company for Cause and by the Employee without Good Reason. If the Employee's employment is terminated (i) by the Company for Cause or (ii) by the Employee without Good Reason (excluding for this purpose the Employee terminating his employment without Good Reason during the six (6) month period immediately following a Change in Control in accordance with Section 9(a)), the Company's only obligation under this Agreement shall be payment of (i) any Accrued Obligations, plus (ii) accelerated payments under Employees Investment Success Incentive Awards for Ceridian HCM Holding Inc.

(c) Termination due to Death, Disability or Incapacity. If the Employee's employment is terminated due to death or Disability or if a court of competent jurisdiction determines Employee to be incapacitated, the Company shall pay the Employee (or to the Employee's estate or personal representative in the case of death and, if appropriate, Disability), within thirty (30) business days after the Date of Termination: (i) any Accrued Obligations, (ii) Post-Termination Pro-Rata Bonus Payment, (iii) Post-Termination Cash Payment, and (iv) Existing Equity Acceleration.

(d) Definition of Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Change in Control" shall mean that the conditions set forth in any one of the following subsections shall have been satisfied: 

i.the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any "person" (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof) of "beneficial ownership" (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all outstanding securities of the Company; 

ii.a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity, except for a transaction in which the holders of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation hold, in the aggregate, securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all outstanding voting securities of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation; 

iii.a reverse merger in which the Company is the surviving entity but in which securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all outstanding voting securities of the Company are transferred to or acquired by a person or persons different 

from the persons holding those securities immediately prior to such merger; 

iv.during any period of two (2) consecutive years during the Employment Term or any extensions thereof, individuals, who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, unless the election of each director who was not a director at the beginning of such period has been approved in advance by directors representing at least two-thirds of the directors then in office who were directors at the beginning of the period;

v.the sale, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of assets of the Company that have a total fair market value equal to or more than one-third of the total fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such sale, transfer or other disposition, other than a sale, transfer or other disposition to an entity (A) which immediately following such sale, transfer or other disposition owns, directly or indirectly, at least fifty percent (50%) of the Company's outstanding voting securities or (B) fifty percent (50%) or more of whose outstanding voting securities is immediately following such sale, transfer or other disposition owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. For purposes of the foregoing clause, the sale of stock of a subsidiary of the Company (or the assets of such subsidiary) shall be treated as a sale of assets of the Company; or 

vi.the approval by the stockholders of a plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

(e) Six-Month Delay. To the extent the Employee is a "specified employee," as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder and any elections made by the Company in accordance therewith, notwithstanding the timing of payment provided in any other Section of this Agreement, no payment, distribution or benefit under this Agreement that constitutes a distribution of deferred compensation (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)) upon separation from service (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)), after taking into account all available exemptions, that would otherwise be payable during the six (6) month period after separation from service, will be made during such six (6) month period, and any such payment, distribution or benefit will instead be paid on the first business day after such six (6) month period, provided, however, that if the Employee dies following the Date of Termination and prior to the payment, distribution, settlement or provision of any payments, distributions or benefits delayed on account of Code Section 409A, such payments, distributions or benefits shall be paid or provided to the personal representative of the Employees estate within 30 days after the date of Employees death.

10.Excise Tax. If any payments or benefits paid or provided or to be paid or provided to the Employee or for Employees benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise in connection with, or arising out of, employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or the termination thereof (a "Payment" and, collectively, the "Payments") would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then Employee may elect for such Payments to be reduced to one dollar less than the amount that would constitute a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code (the Scaled Back Amount). Any such election must be in writing and delivered to the Company within thirty (30) days after the Date of Termination. If Employee does not elect to have Payments reduced to the Scaled Back Amount, Employee shall be responsible for payment of any Excise Tax resulting from the Payments and Employee shall not be entitled to a gross-up payment under this Agreement or any other for such Excise Tax. If the Payments are to be reduced, they shall be reduced in the following order of priority: (i) first from cash compensation, (ii) next from equity compensation, then (iii) pro-rata among all remaining Payments and benefits. To the extent there is a question as to which Payments within any of the foregoing categories are to be reduced first, the Payments that will produce the greatest present value reduction in the Payments with the least reduction in economic value provided to Employee shall be reduced first. Notwithstanding the order of priority of reduction set forth above, the Employee may include in the Employees election for a Scaled Back Amount a change to the order of such Payment reduction. The Company shall follow such revised reduction order, if and only if, the Company, in its sole judgment, determines such change does not violate the provisions of Code Section 409A.

11.Non-Delegation of the Employee's Rights. The obligations, rights and benefits of the Employee hereunder are personal and may not be delegated, assigned or transferred in any manner whatsoever, nor are such obligations, rights or benefits subject to involuntary alienation, assignment or transfer. 

12.Confidential Information. The Employee acknowledges that he will occupy a position of trust and confidence and will have access to and learn substantial information about the Company and its affiliates and their operations that is confidential or not generally known in the industry including, without limitation, information that relates to purchasing, sales, customers, marketing, and the financial positions and financing arrangements of the Company and its affiliates. The Employee agrees that all such information is proprietary or confidential, or constitutes trade secrets and is the sole property of the Company and/or its affiliates, as the case may be. The Employee will keep confidential, and will not reproduce, copy or disclose to any other person or firm, any such information or any documents or information relating to the Company's or its affiliates' methods, processes, customers, accounts, analyses, systems, charts, programs, procedures, correspondence or records, or any other documents used or owned by the Company or any of its affiliates, nor will the Employee advise, discuss with or in any way assist any other person, firm or entity in obtaining or learning about any of the items described in this Section 12. Accordingly, the Employee agrees that during the Employment Term and at all times thereafter he will not disclose, or permit or encourage anyone else to disclose, any such information, nor will he utilize any such information, either alone or with others, outside the scope of his duties and responsibilities with the Company and its affiliates.

13.Non-Competition.

a.During Employment Term. The Employee agrees that, during the Employment Term, Employee will devote such business time, attention and energies as reasonably determined by Employee for the performance of the services to the Company and its affiliates under this Agreement, and, subject to Section 13(c), Employee will not engage in any way whatsoever, directly or indirectly, in any business that is a direct competitor with the Company's or its affiliates' principal business, nor solicit customers, suppliers or employees of the Company or affiliates on behalf of, or in any other manner work for or assist any business which is a direct competitor with the Company's or its affiliates' principal business. In addition, during the Employment Term and subject to Section 13(c), Employee will undertake no planning for or organization of any business activity competitive with the work he performs as an employee of the Company, and Employee will not combine or conspire with any other employee of the Company or any other person for the purpose of organizing any such competitive business activity. 

b.After Employment Term. The parties acknowledge that Employee will acquire substantial knowledge and information concerning the business of the Company and its affiliates as a result of his employment. The parties further acknowledge that the scope of business in which the Company and its affiliates are engaged as of the Effective Date is national and very competitive and one in which few companies can successfully compete. Competition by Employee in that business after the Employment Term would severely injure the Company and its affiliates. Accordingly, for a period of one (1) year after Employee's employment terminates for any reason whatsoever, except as otherwise stated in Section 13(c), Employee agrees: (i) not to become an employee, consultant, advisor, principal, partner or substantial shareholder of any firm or business that directly competes with the Company or its affiliates in their principal products and markets; and (ii), on behalf of any such competitive firm or business, not to solicit any person or business that was at the time of such termination and remains a customer or prospective customer, a supplier or prospective supplier, or an employee of the Company or an affiliate. 

c.Exclusion. Working, directly or indirectly, for any of the following entities shall not be considered competitive to the Company or its affiliates for the purpose of this Section 13: (i) Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (ii) F&G Life and Annuities, Inc., (iii) Dun & Bradstreet Holdings, Inc., (iv) Alight, Inc. (v) Trasimene Capital Management, LLC, (vi) Employees various owned and managed personal real estate, winery, restaurant, hockey, soccer and other businesses and investments, as from time to time constituted, and (vii) with respect to subsections (i) through (vi) above, its respective affiliates or successors.

14.Return of Company Documents. Upon termination of the Employment Term, the Employee shall return immediately to the Company all records and documents of or pertaining to the Company or its affiliates and shall not make or retain any copy or extract of any such record or document, or any other property of the Company or its affiliates.

15.Improvements and Inventions. Any and all improvements or inventions that the Employee may make or participate in during the Employment Term, unless wholly unrelated to the business of the Company and its affiliates and not produced within the scope of the Employee's employment hereunder, shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company. The Employee shall, whenever requested by the Company, execute and deliver any and all documents that the Company deems appropriate in order to apply for and obtain patents or copyrights in improvements or inventions or in order to assign and/or convey to the Company the sole and exclusive right, title and interest in and to such improvements, inventions, patents, copyrights or applications.

16.Actions. The parties agree and acknowledge that the rights conveyed by this Agreement are of a unique and special nature and that the Company and Employee will not have an adequate remedy at law in the event of a failure by the other party to abide by its terms and conditions, nor will money damages adequately compensate for such injury. Therefore, it is agreed between and hereby acknowledged by the parties that, in the event of a breach by a party of this Agreement of any of its and his obligations of this Agreement, the other party shall have the right, among other rights, to damages sustained thereby and to obtain an injunction or decree of specific performance from any court of competent jurisdiction to restrain or compel the other party to perform as agreed herein. The Employee hereby acknowledges that obligations under Sections and Subsections 12, 13(b), 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18 shall survive the termination of employment and be binding by their terms at all times subsequent to the termination of employment for the periods specified therein. Nothing herein shall in any way limit or exclude any other right granted by law or equity to the Company.

17.Release. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company may require that, prior to payment of any amount or provision of any benefit under Section 9 (other than due to the Employee's death), the Employee shall have executed a complete mutual release in such form as is mutually agreed by the Company and Employee, and any waiting periods contained in such release shall have expired; provided, however, that such release relates only to the Employee's employment relationship with the Company. With respect to any release required to receive payments owed pursuant to Section 9, the Company must provide the Employee with the form of release no later than seven (7) days after the Date of Termination and the release must be signed by the Employee and returned to the Company, unchanged, effective and irrevocable, no later than sixty (60) days after the Date of Termination.

18.No Mitigation. The Company agrees that, if the Employee's employment hereunder is terminated during the Employment Term, the Employee is not required to seek other employment or to attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to the Employee by the Company hereunder. Further, the amount of any payment or benefit provided for hereunder (other than pursuant to Subsection 9(a)(v) hereof) shall not be reduced by any compensation earned by the Employee as the result of employment by another employer, by retirement benefits or otherwise.

19.Entire Agreement and Amendment. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter of this Agreement, and 

supersedes and replaces all prior agreements, understandings and commitments with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement may be amended only by a written document signed by both parties to this Agreement.

20.Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. Any litigation pertaining to this Agreement shall be adjudicated in courts located in Clark County, Nevada.

21.Successors. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Employee. In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor to the Company, the Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the stock, business and/or assets of the Company, to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. Failure of the Company to obtain such assumption by a successor shall be a material breach of this Agreement. The Employee agrees and consents to any such assumption by a successor of the Company, as well as any assignment of this Agreement by the Company for that purpose. As used in this Agreement, "Company" shall mean the Company as herein before defined as well as any such successor that expressly assumes this Agreement or otherwise becomes bound by all of its terms and provisions by operation of law. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors or assigns.

22.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

23.Attorneys' Fees. If any party finds it necessary to employ legal counsel or to bring an action at law or other proceedings against the other party to interpret or enforce any of the terms hereof, the party prevailing in any such action or other proceeding shall be promptly paid by the other party its reasonable legal fees, court costs, litigation expenses, all as determined by the court and not a jury, and such payment shall be made by the non-prevailing party no later than the end of the Employee's tax year following the Employee's tax year in which the payment amount becomes known and payable; provided, however, that on or after a Change in Control, and following the Employee's termination of employment with the Company, if any party finds it necessary to employ legal counsel or to bring an action at law or other proceedings against the other party to interpret or enforce any of the terms hereof, the Company shall pay (on an ongoing basis) to the Employee to the fullest extent permitted by law, all legal fees, court costs and litigation expenses reasonably incurred by the Employee or others on his behalf (such amounts collectively referred to as the "Reimbursed Amounts"); provided, further, that the Employee shall reimburse the Company for the Reimbursed Amounts if it is determined that a majority of the Employee's claims or defenses were frivolous or without merit. Requests for payment of Reimbursed Amounts, together with all documents required by the Company to substantiate them, must be submitted to the Company no later than ninety (90) days after the expense was incurred. The Reimbursed 

Amounts shall be paid by the Company within ninety (90) days after receiving the request and all substantiating documents requested from the Employee. The payment of Reimbursed Amounts during the Employee's tax year will not impact the Reimbursed Amounts for any other taxable year. The rights under this Section 23 shall survive the termination of employment and this Agreement until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.

24.Severability. If any section, subsection or provision hereof is found for any reason whatsoever to be invalid or inoperative, that section, subsection or provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the force and validity of any other provision of this Agreement. If any covenant herein is determined by a court to be overly broad thereby making the covenant unenforceable, the parties agree and it is their desire that such court shall substitute a reasonable judicially enforceable limitation in place of the offensive part of the covenant and that as so modified the covenant shall be as fully enforceable as if set forth herein by the parties themselves in the modified form. The covenants of the Employee in this Agreement shall each be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision in this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action of the Employee against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of the covenants in this Agreement.

25.Notices. Any notice, request, or instruction to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when personally delivered or three (3) days after being sent by United States Certified Mail, postage prepaid, with Return Receipt Requested, to the parties at their respective addresses set forth below:

To the Company:

Cannae Holdings, Inc.

1701 Village Center Circle

Las Vegas, NV 89134

Attention: General Counsel

To the Employee:

William P. Foley, II

At the address shown on the Companys records

26.Waiver of Breach. The waiver by any party of any provisions of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any prior or subsequent breach by the other party.

27.Tax Withholding. The Company or an affiliate may deduct from all compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement any taxes or withholdings the Company is required to deduct pursuant to state, federal or local laws.

28.Code Section 409A. To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and any payment made hereunder shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and any related regulations or other guidance promulgated with respect to such 

Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service ("Code Section 409A"). Any provision that would cause the Agreement or any payment hereof to fail to satisfy Code Section 409A shall have no force or effect until amended to comply with Code Section 409A, which amendment may be retroactive to the extent permitted by Code Section 409A. Each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. In no event may Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A, including, without limitation, that (i) in no event shall reimbursements by the Company under this Agreement be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the applicable fees and expenses were incurred; (ii) the amount of in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any given calendar year shall not affect the in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any other calendar year; (iii) the Employees right to have the Company pay or provide such reimbursements and in-kind benefits may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit; and (iv) in no event shall the Companys obligations to make such reimbursements or to provide such in-kind benefits apply later than the Employees remaining lifetime. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, (x) in no event shall the Date of Termination occur until the Employee experiences a separation of service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, and the date on which such separation from service takes place shall be the Date of Termination, and all references herein to a termination of employment (or words of similar meaning) shall mean a separation of service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and (y) to the extent the payment of any amount pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)) and such amount is payable within a number of days (e.g., no later than the sixty-fifth (65th) calendar day after the Date of Termination) that begins in one calendar year and ends in a subsequent calendar year, such amount shall be paid in the subsequent calendar year. The Employee acknowledges that he has been advised to consult with an attorney and any other advisors of Employees choice prior to executing this Agreement, and the Employee further acknowledges that, in entering into this Agreement, he has not relied upon any representation or statement made by any agent or representative of Company or its affiliates that is not expressly set forth in this Agreement, including, without limitation, any representation with respect to the consequences or characterization (including for purpose of tax withholding and reporting) of the payment of any compensation or benefits hereunder under Section 409A of the Code and any similar sections of state tax law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

CANNAE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/Michael L. Gravelle

Its: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

WILLIAM P. FOLEY, II

/s/ William P. Foley, II

APPENDIX A

Position Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of the Board

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Reporting to the Board, the Employee's duties and responsibilities include: 

1.member of the Company's Board as Chairman; 

2.strategic planning and initiatives; 

3.mergers and acquisitions;

4.budget and long range planning advice; 

5.establishing the frequency of Board meetings and reviewing such frequency from time to time, as appropriate or as requested by the Board;

6.presiding over meetings of the Board and shareholders as Chairman of the Board; 

7.planning the contents and agenda of such meetings with the assistance of Company management;

8.recommending Board committee members and committee chair appointments to the Board for approval and reviewing the performance of those committees and chairs; and

9.supervising the Company's communications with its shareholders.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit103lettertodirectors.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
Document

EXHIBIT 10.3

March 17, 2025

William P. Foley, II

Douglas K. Ammerman

Hugh R. Harris

C. Malcolm Holland

Mark D. Linehan

Frank R. Martire

Erika Meinhardt

Barry B. Moullet

James B. Stallings

Frank P. Willey

Re:Acceleration of Unvested Equity

Ladies and Gentlemen:

On March 14, 2025, the Cannae Compensation Committee and Cannae Related Person Transaction Committee approved that if any of you are not re-elected to Cannaes Board of Directors by a vote from the Cannaes shareholders, Cannae will accelerate the vesting each of your respective outstanding, but not vested, then current number of Cannae restricted stock and equity-based incentive awards.

Thank you for your continued service with Cannae. 

Sincerely, 

/s/Michael L. Gravelle

Michael L. Gravelle

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cnne-20250314.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cnne-20250314_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cnne-20250314_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CANNAE HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity File Number 1-38300

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-1273460

Entity Address, Address Line One 1701 Village Center Circle

Entity Address, City or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89134

City Area Code 702

Local Phone Number 323-7330

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Cannae Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol CNNE

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001704720

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.cannaeholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cnne-20250314.htm 
cnne-20250314.xsd 
cnne-20250314_lab.xml 
cnne-20250314_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001704720-25-000020-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>cnne-20250314_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001704720 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001704720 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
CANNAE HOLDINGS, INC. 
1-38300 
NV 
82-1273460 
1701 Village Center Circle 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89134 
702 
323-7330 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Cannae Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
CNNE 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>