<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003232.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003232.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408163029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003232
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cocrystal Pharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001412486
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				352528215
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38418
		FILM NUMBER:		25822361

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19805 N. CREEK PARKWAY
		CITY:			BOTHELL
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(786) 459-1831

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19805 N. CREEK PARKWAY
		CITY:			BOTHELL
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIOZONE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	International Surf Resorts, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070917
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000141248600014124862025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 2, 2025

Cocrystal
Pharma, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38418 35-2528215

(State
or other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

19805
N. Creek Parkway

Bothell,
WA 98011

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (877)262-7123

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.):

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock COCP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The Nasdaq Capital Market)

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

(e)

On
April 2, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Cocrystal Pharma, Inc. (the Company) approved and adopted
the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan), which has an effective date of March 31, 2025. The principal features of the
Plan are summarized below, which summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan, a copy of which is included
as Exhibit 10.1. The Plan is effective subject to shareholder approval in accordance with the Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC.

Background

The
Plan initially authorizes up to 1,500,000 shares of our common stock for issuance pursuant to the terms of the Plan, subject to an annual
increase as described further below. The Plan is a broad-based plan in which all employees, consultants, officers, and directors of the
Company are eligible to participate. The purpose of the Plan is to further the growth and development of the Company by providing, through
ownership of stock of the Company and other equity-based awards, an incentive to its officers and other key employees and consultants
who are in a position to contribute materially to the prosperity of the Company, to increase such persons interests in the Companys
welfare, by encouraging them to continue their services to the Company, and by enabling the Company to attract individuals of outstanding
ability to become employees, consultants, officers and directors of the Company.

Available
Shares

The
Plan initially authorizes 1,500,000 shares of common stock which shall be available for grants or payments of awards under the Plan.
Such total number of shares issuable under the Plan automatically increases on January 1st of each year in which the Plan
is in effect beginning on January 1, 2026. On each January 1, an additional number of shares equal to 5% of the total number of shares
of common stock outstanding as of December 31 of the preceding year on a fully diluted basis giving effect to the exercise and conversion
of all outstanding common stock equivalents issued outside of the Plan including convertible notes, convertible preferred stock, and
warrants, minus any awards previously granted or exercised, will be added to the total number of shares authorized for issuance under
the Plan, subject to adjustment as provided under the Plan. The Plan also provides that, notwithstanding the annual increase provision,
in no event will the increase in shares available under the Plan pursuant to this increase provision exceed 2,500,000 shares (or a total
of up to 4,000,000 shares issuable under the Plan), subject to adjustment as provided under the Plan.

Administration
and Eligibility

The
Plan is administered by our Compensation Committee or by the Board, which is referred to as the Administrator. Under the
Delaware General Corporation Law, the Board may delegate to officers of the Company the power to grant awards to employees who are not
officers or directors.

Awards
granted under the Plan may be restricted stock, restricted stock units, options and stock appreciation rights (SARs) which
are awarded to employees, consultants, officers and directors, who, in the opinion of the Administrator, have contributed, or are expected
to contribute, materially to the Companys success.

The
identification of individuals entitled to receive awards, the terms of the awards, and the number of shares subject to individual awards,
are determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion.

Limitation
on Awards

The
exercise price of options or SARs granted under the Plan shall not be less than the fair market value of our common stock at the time
of grant. The option price may be paid in United States dollars by check or wire transfer or, at the discretion of the Administrator,
by delivery of shares of our common stock having fair market value equal as of the date of exercise to the cash exercise price, or a
combination thereof.

2

Stock
Options

The
Administrator may grant either qualified options, which are options that qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code (the Code), or non-qualified stock options. A stock option entitles the recipient to purchase a specified
number of shares of common stock at a fixed price subject to terms and conditions set by the Administrator, including conditions for
exercise that must be satisfied, which typically will be based solely on continued provision of services. The purchase price of shares
of common stock covered by a stock option cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date the option
is granted. Fair market value of the common stock is generally equal to the closing price for the common stock on the trading date the
option is granted.

Stock
Appreciation Rights

A
SAR entitles the holder to receive, as designated by the Administrator, cash or shares of common stock, having a value equal to the excess
of the fair market value of a specified number of shares of common stock at the time of exercise over the exercise price established
by the Administrator.

The
exercise price of each SAR granted under the Plan shall be established by the Administrator or shall be determined by the method established
by the Administrator at the time the SAR is granted, provided the exercise price shall not be less than 100% of the fair market value
of a share of common stock on the date of the grant of the SAR, or such higher price as is established by the Administrator. Shares of
common stock delivered pursuant to the exercise of a SAR shall be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Administrator
may establish in the applicable SAR agreement or document, if any.

Restricted
Stock Awards

A
restricted stock award gives the recipient a stock award subject to restriction on sale. The Administrator determines the terms and conditions
of restricted stock awards, including the number of shares of restricted stock granted, and conditions for vesting that must be satisfied,
which may be based principally or solely on continued provision of services, and also may include a performance-based component. Unless
otherwise provided in the award agreement, the holder of a restricted stock award generally will have the rights of a shareholder from
the date of grant of the award, including the right to vote the shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends and share
and property distributions on the shares.

Restricted
Stock Units

A
restricted stock unit gives the recipient the right to receive a number of shares of our common stock on the applicable vesting or other
dates. Delivery of the restricted stock unit may be deferred beyond vesting as determined by the Administrator. The Administrator determines
the terms and conditions of restricted stock units, including the number of units granted, and conditions for vesting that must be satisfied,
which may be based principally or solely on continued provision of services, and also may include a performance-based component. The
holder of a restricted stock unit award will not have voting rights with respect to the award and possess no incidents of ownership with
respect to the underlying common stock.

3

Performance
Awards

In
order to enable the Company to avail itself of the tax deductibility of qualified performance-based compensation, within
the meaning of Code Section 162(m), the Plan provides for performance based awards, the grant or vesting of which is dependent upon attainment
of objective performance targets relative to certain performance measures. The terms and conditions of any performance-based awards granted
under the Plan shall be set forth in an Award Agreement which shall contain provisions determined by the Compensation Committee and not
inconsistent with the Plan. The performance criteria to be achieved during any performance period and the length of the performance period
is determined by the Compensation Committee upon the grant of the performance-based award. Performance-based awards granted to persons
whom the Compensation Committee expects will, for the year in which a deduction arises, be covered employees (as defined
below) will, if and to the extent intended by the Compensation Committee, be subject to provisions that should qualify such awards as
performance-based compensation not subject to the limitation on tax deductibility by us under Code Section 162(m). For
purposes of Section 162(m), the term covered employee means the Chief Executive Officer and each Named Executive Officer.
If and to the extent required under Section 162(m) of the Code, any power or authority relating to a performance-based award intended
to qualify under Section 162(m) of the Code is to be exercised by the Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee shall use the
following performance measures (either individually or in any combination) to set performance goals with respect to awards intended to
qualify as performance-based awards: net sales; pretax income before allocation of corporate overhead and bonus; budget; cash flow; earnings
per share; net income; financial goals; return on shareholders equity; return on assets; attainment of strategic and operational
initiatives; appreciation in and/or maintenance of the price of the common stock or any other publicly-traded securities of the Company;
market share; gross profits; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; economic
value-added models; comparisons with various stock market indices; and/or reductions in costs.

Term,
Termination and Amendment

The
Administrator may terminate the Plan at any time. Unless sooner terminated, the Plan will terminate on March 31, 2035. No award may be
granted under the Plan once it is terminated. Termination of the Plan shall not impair rights or obligations under any award granted
while the Plan is in effect, except with the written consent of the grantee. The Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend
the Plan; provided that no amendment shall be affected unless approved by our shareholders to the extent that shareholder approval is
necessary to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or required by the rules of the principal national securities exchange
or trading market upon which our common stock trades.

The
Administrator at any time, and from time to time, may amend the terms of any one or more awards; provided, however, that the rights under
the award shall not be impaired by any such amendment, except with the written consent of the grantee. In addition, any amendment of
the purchase price or exercise price of any outstanding award will not be effective without shareholder approval.

The
number of shares with respect to which options or stock awards may be granted under the Plan, the number of shares covered by each outstanding
option or SAR, and the purchase price per share shall be adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares resulting
from a recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split,
or other subdivision or consolidation of shares.

Forfeiture

All
vested or unvested awards may be immediately forfeited in the event that the recipient performs certain acts against the interests of
the Company including termination as a result of fraud, dishonesty or violation of Company policy.

Adjustments
upon Changes in Capitalization

In
the event of any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, stock split or combination, stock dividend or other similar event or transaction,
substitutions or adjustments will be made by our compensation committee to: (i) to the aggregate number, class and/or issuer of the securities
reserved for issuance under the Plan; (ii) to the number, class and/or issuer of securities subject to outstanding awards; and (iii)
to the exercise price of outstanding options or SARs, in each case in a manner that reflects equitably the effects of such event or transaction.

Transfer

Except
for incentive stock options, all awards are transferable subject to compliance with the securities laws and the Plan. Incentive stock
options are only transferable by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.

4

Shareholder
Approval

In
accordance with the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC, the Company intends to seek shareholder approval of the Plan at the next meeting
of its shareholders.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit Description

10.1 2025 Equity Incentive Plan 

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

5

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Cocrystal
Pharma, Inc.

Date:
April 8, 2025 By: /s/
James Martin

Name: James
Martin

Title: Chief
Financial Officer and Co-Chief Executive Officer

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COCRYSTAL PHARMA, INC.

2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

Adopted: April 2, 2025

1. DEFINITIONS 

The following terms shall have the following meanings
unless the context indicates otherwise:

1.1. Affiliate
and Associate shall have the respective meanings given to such terms under Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act.

1.2. Award
shall mean either a Stock Option, an SAR, a Stock Award, an RSU, a Performance Share, a Performance Unit, or a Cash Award.

1.3. Award Agreement
shall mean a written agreement between the Company and the Participant that establishes the terms, conditions, restrictions and/or limitations
applicable to an Award in addition to those established by the Plan and by the Committees exercise of its administrative powers.

1.4. Beneficial Owner
shall have the meaning given to such term under Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.

1.5. Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

1.6. Cash Award
shall mean the grant by the Committee to a Participant of an award of cash as described in Section 11 below.

1.7. Cause 
shall mean (i) willful malfeasance or willful misconduct by the Employee in connection with his/her employment, (ii) continuing failure
to perform such duties as are requested by the Company and/or its subsidiaries, (iii) failure by the Employee to observe material policies
of the Company and/or its subsidiaries applicable to the Employee, (iv) material breach of any agreement with or duty owed to the Company
and/or its subsidiaries applicable to the Employee, or (v) the commission by the Employee of (x) any felony regardless of the nature,
or (y) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude.

1.8. Change in Control
of the Company or Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) any Person, as such term is
used for purposes of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, or any successor section thereto, (other than (i) the Company, (ii) any
trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, (iii) any Subsidiaries of the Company, (iv)
any company owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
of stock of the Company), or (v) any existing director or any of his or her Affiliates becomes, either alone or together with such Persons
Affiliates and Associates, the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the
combined voting power of the Companys then-outstanding securities.

1

(b) during any period of 12 months,
individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new directors whose appointment by the Board or nomination
for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who
either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose appointment or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease
for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof;

(c) the effective date or date
of consummation of any transaction or series of transactions (other than a transaction to which only the Company and one or more of its
subsidiaries are parties) under which the Company is merged or consolidated with any other company, other than a merger or consolidation
which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) 50% or more of the combined voting power of the voting
securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or

(d) the shareholders of the Company
approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially
all of the Companys assets.

1.9. Code
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time-to-time.

1.10. Committee
shall mean the Boards Compensation Committee or any other committee of the Board appointed to administer this Plan.

1.11. Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company and Common Stock Equivalent means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries
which would entitle the holder thereof at any time to acquire Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock,
right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles
the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock..

1.12. Company
shall mean Cocrystal Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

1.13. Disability
shall mean the inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment
which constitutes a permanent and total disability, as defined in Section 22(e) (3) of the Code (or any successor section thereto). The
determination whether a Participant has suffered a Disability shall be made by the Committee, in its sole discretion, based upon such
evidence as it deems necessary and appropriate, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Participant. A Participant shall not be considered
disabled unless he or she furnishes such medical or other evidence of the existence of the Disability as the Committee, in its sole discretion,
may require.

2

1.14. Dividend Equivalent
Right shall mean the right to receive an amount equal to the amount of any dividend paid with respect to a share of Common
Stock multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock underlying or with respect to a Stock Option, a SAR, an RSU or a Performance
Unit, and which shall be payable in cash, in Common Stock, in the form of RSUs or Performance Units, or a combination of any or all of
the foregoing.

1.15. Effective Date
shall mean March 31, 2025, subject to shareholder approval in accordance with the Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market.

1.16. Employee
shall mean an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary as described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.421-7(h).

1.17. Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including applicable regulations thereunder.

1.18. Executive Officer
means each Person who is required to file ownership reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.

1.19 Fair Market Value
shall, unless otherwise required by any applicable provision of the Code or any Treasury Regulations, mean:

(a) if a security is listed or trading on a national
securities exchange or other market system, the closing price of such security on the date of calculation (or on the last preceding trading
date if such security was not traded on such date), or

(b) if such security is not listed
or trading on a national securities exchange or other market system, as determined in good faith by the Board or the Committee.

1.20. Family Members
shall mean a Participants spouse, parents, children, and siblings, whether by blood, marriage or adoption.

1.21. Increase Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5.1.

1.22. Independent Contractor
shall mean a Person (other than a Person who is an Employee or a Nonemployee Director) or an entity that renders services to the Company
or any Subsidiary.

1.23. ISO
shall mean an incentive stock option as such term is used in Code Section 422.

1.24. Nonemployee Director
shall mean a member of the Board or the board of directors of a Subsidiary who is not an Employee.

1.25. Nonqualified Stock
Option shall mean a Stock Option that is not an ISO.

1.26. Participant
shall mean any Employee, Nonemployee Director or Independent Contractor to whom an Award has been granted by the Committee under the Plan.

3

1.27. Performance-Based
Award shall mean an Award subject to the achievement of certain performance goal or goals as described in Section 12 below.

1.28. Performance Share
shall mean the grant by the Committee to a Participant of an Award as described in Section 10.1 below.

1.29. Performance Unit
shall mean the grant by the Committee to a Participant of an Award as described in Section 10.2 below.

1.30. Person
shall mean any person, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act).

1.31. Plan
shall mean the Cocrystal Pharma, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.

1.32 RSU shall
mean the grant by the Committee to a Participant of a Restricted Stock Unit as described in Section 9.2 below.

1.33. SAR
shall mean the grant by the Committee to a Participant of a stock appreciation right as described in Section 8 below.

1.34. Stock Award
shall mean the grant by the Committee to a Participant of an Award of Common Stock as described in Section 9.1 below.

1.35. Stock Option
shall mean the grant by the Committee to a Participant of an option to purchase Common Stock as described in Section 7 below.

1.36. Subsidiary
shall mean a corporation of which the Company is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock or
any other business entity in which the Company is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% or any other business
venture designated by the Committee in which the Company has a significant interest, as determined in the discretion of the Committee.

1.37. Treasury Regulations
shall mean the regulations promulgated under the Code by the United States Department of the Treasury, as amended from time to time.

1.38. Vest
shall mean:

(i) an Award is not subject to
future forfeiture other than any clawbacks under Section 14.7; and

(ii) a right to transfer an Award
is subject to no Company-imposed restrictions or limitations other than restrictions and/or limitations imposed by Sections 9.1 or 9.2
or 14 below.

4

1.39. Vesting Date
shall mean the date or dates on which an Award Vests.

1.40. Voting Stock
shall mean the capital stock of any class or classes having general voting power under ordinary circumstances, in the absence of contingencies,
to elect the directors of a corporation.

1.41. 10 Percent Shareholder
means a Person who beneficially owns (or is deemed to own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10% of the
total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company.

2. PURPOSE AND TERM OF PLAN 

2.1. Purpose. The purpose
of the Plan is to motivate certain Employees, Nonemployee Directors and Independent Contractors to put forth maximum efforts toward the
growth, profitability, and success of the Company and Subsidiaries by providing incentives to such Employees, Nonemployee Directors and
Independent Contractors either through cash payments and/or through the ownership and performance of the Common Stock. In addition, the
Plan is intended to provide incentives which will help the Company attract and retain highly qualified individuals as Employees and Nonemployee
Directors and to assist in aligning the interests of such Employees and Nonemployee Directors with those of its shareholders.

2.2. Term. (a) The Plan
shall be effective as of the Effective Date; provided, however, that the Plan shall be approved by the shareholders of the Company at
an annual meeting or any special meeting of shareholders of the Company within 12 months after the Effective Date, and such approval by
the shareholders of the Company shall, except as provided in Section 2.2(b), be a condition to the right of each Participant to receive
Awards hereunder. Except as provided in Section 2.2(b), any Award granted under the Plan prior to the approval by the shareholders of
the Company shall be effective as of the date of grant (unless the Committee specifies otherwise at the time of grant), but no such Award
may Vest, be paid out, or otherwise be disposed of prior to such shareholder approval. If the shareholders of the Company fail to approve
the Plan in accordance with this Section 2.2, any Award granted under the Plan shall be automatically cancelled without payment of any
consideration to the recipient of such Award. The Plan shall remain in effect for 10 years or until earlier terminated by the Board or
Committee and no Award may be granted under the Plan on a date that is more than 10 years from the Effective Date; provided, however,
that in the event of Plan termination or expiration, the provisions of the Plan shall remain in effect as to any Awards which remain outstanding
until all such Awards have been satisfied or are terminated under the terms of this Plan or under the applicable Award Agreement.

(b) Under the Plan, grants of Awards as inducement
grants or as otherwise permitted by Rule 5635(c) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules may be made and shall be effective without such shareholder
approval.

5

3. ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

3.1. Eligibility. All Employees,
all Nonemployee Directors and all Independent Contractors shall be eligible to participate in the Plan and to receive Awards. An individuals
status as a member of the Committee will not affect his or her eligibility to participate in the Plan.

3.2. Participation. Participants
shall consist of such Employees, Nonemployee Directors and Independent Contractors as the Committee in its sole discretion designates
to receive Awards under the Plan. Subject to Section 7.1, an Award may also be granted to an Employee, in connection with hiring, retention
or otherwise prior to the date the Employee first performs services for the Company or any Subsidiary, provided that such Awards
shall not become Vested prior to the date the Employee first performs such services. Designation of a Participant in any year shall not
require the Committee to designate such Person to receive an Award in any other year or, once designated, to receive the same type or
amount of Award as granted to the Participant in any other year. The Committee shall consider such factors as it deems pertinent in selecting
Participants and in determining the type and amount of their respective Awards.

4. ADMINISTRATION 

4.1. Responsibility. The
Committee shall have the responsibility, in its sole discretion, to control, operate, manage and administer the Plan in accordance with
its terms; provided, however, that the Board may in any instance perform any of the functions of the Committee hereunder,
unless otherwise provided by the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is listed.

4.2. Award Agreement. Each
Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement which shall be signed by the Company and the Participant; provided,
however, that in the event of any conflict between a provision of the Plan and any provision of an Award Agreement, the provision
of the Plan shall prevail.

4.3. Authority of the Committee.
The Committee shall have all the discretionary authority that may be necessary or helpful to enable it to discharge its responsibilities
with respect to the Plan, including but not limited to the following:

(a) to determine eligibility for
participation in the Plan and to select Participants;

(b) to determine eligibility for
and the type and size of an Award granted under the Plan;

(c) to make Awards in accordance
with the terms of the Plan and to determine the terms and conditions of each Award;

(d) to supply any omission, correct
any defect, or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan in such manner and to such extent as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion
to carry the same into effect;

(e) to issue administrative guidelines
as an aid to administer the Plan and make changes in such guidelines as it from time to time deems proper;

6

(f) to make rules for carrying
out and administering the Plan and make changes in such rules as it from time to time deems proper;

(g) to the extent permitted under
the Plan, grant waivers of Plan terms, conditions, restrictions, and limitations and to vary the terms of Awards

(h) to take account of tax, securities
law and other regulatory requirements of foreign jurisdictions;

(i) to accelerate the Vesting of
any Award when such action or actions would be in the best interest of the Company;

(j) to grant Awards in replacement
of Awards previously granted under this Plan or any other executive compensation plan of the Company; and

(k) to delegate to the executive
officers of the Company who are required to file ownership reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission the power to grant Awards
to Employees who are not executive officers or directors; and

(l) to take any and all other actions
it deems necessary or advisable for the proper operation or administration of the Plan.

4.4. Action by the Committee.
The Committee may act only by a majority of its members. Any determination of the Committee may be made, without a meeting, by a writing
or writings signed by all of the members of the Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, approval via email shall constitute a signed writing
for the purposes of taking Committee action. In addition, the Committee may authorize any one or more of its members or, subject to Section
4.5 below, one or more agents to execute and deliver documents on behalf of the Committee.

4.5. Delegation of Authority.
In addition to the specific delegation under Section 4.3(k), to the extent permitted by applicable law and the rules of any stock exchange
upon which the Common Stock is listed, the Committee may delegate to one or more of its members, or to one or more officers of the Company,
such administrative duties as it may deem advisable; provided, however, that any such delegation shall be in writing and,
provided, further, that the Committee may not delegate its authority under Sections 4.3 (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j)
or (k) or Section 16 of the Plan. Any action undertaken by any such member or agent in accordance with the Committees delegation
of authority shall have the same force and effect as if undertaken directly by the Committee, and any reference in the Plan to the Committee
shall, to the extent consistent with the terms and limitations of such delegation, be deemed to include a reference to such members or
agents. In addition, the Committee, or any Person to whom it has delegated duties under this Section 4.5, may employ one or more Persons
to render advice with respect to any responsibility the Committee or such Person may have under the Plan. The Committee may employ such
legal or other counsel, consultants and agents as it may deem desirable for the administration of the Plan. Expenses incurred by the Committee
in the engagement of such counsel, consultant or agent shall be paid by the Company, or the Subsidiary whose employees have benefited
from the Plan, as determined by the Committee. In the performance of its functions, the Committee shall be entitled to rely upon information,
opinions, computations and advice furnished by the Companys officers, any counsel, consultant or agent retained by the Committee,
and any other party the Committee deems necessary, and no member of the Committee shall be liable for any action taken or not taken in
reliance upon any such advice.

7

4.6. Determinations and Interpretations
by the Committee. All determinations and interpretations made by the Committee shall be binding and conclusive on all Participants
and their heirs, successors, and legal representatives.

4.7. Liability. No member
of the Board, no member of the Committee and no Employee shall be liable for any act or failure to act hereunder, except in circumstances
involving his or her willful misconduct, or for any act or failure to act hereunder by any other member or Employee or by any agent to
whom duties in connection with the administration of the Plan have been delegated.

4.8. Indemnification. The
Company shall indemnify members of the Board, members of the Committee and any agent of the Committee who is an Employee, against any
and all liabilities or expenses to which they may be subjected (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel)
by reason of any act or failure to act with respect to their duties on behalf of the Plan, except in circumstances involving such Persons
willful misconduct.

5. SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN 

5.1. Available
Shares. Subject to the provisions of Section 5.2 below, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which shall be available for
grants or payments of Awards under the Plan during its term shall be 1,500,000 (the Total Plan Shares). The Total
Plan Shares will automatically increase on January 1st of each year (each, an Increase Date), for a period of nine
years commencing on January 1, 2026, in an amount equal to 5% of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December
31 of the preceding calendar year on a fully diluted basis giving effect to the exercise and conversion of all outstanding Common Stock
Equivalents issued outside of this Plan including convertible notes, convertible preferred stock, and warrants less any Awards previously
granted or exercised subject to adjustment in Section 5.2. In no event shall the number of additional Total Plan Shares issuable
exceed 2,500,000 shares, subject to adjustment as provided in this Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may determine, at any
time prior to the Increase Date for a given year to provide that there will be no increase in the Total Plan Shares hereunder for such
year, or that the increase in the Total Plan Shares for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock than would otherwise
occur pursuant to the foregoing provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, the Total Plan Shares in this Section 5.1 is a limitation on
the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Plan. Shares may be authorized and issued under the Plan in connection
with a merger or acquisition as permitted by the Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635(c) without the need for shareholder approval to the extent
so provided in the applicable principal market rules, in which case such authorization or issuance will not reduce the number or shares
of Common Stock available for grant or issuance under the Plan. In the event that (i) an Award (or portion thereof) lapses, expires or
is otherwise terminated without the issuance of the shares subject to such Award or is settled by the delivery of consideration other
than shares, (ii) shares are tendered to pay the exercise price of a Stock Option or other Award or (iii) shares are withheld from any
award to satisfy a Participants tax withholding obligations or, if applicable, to pay the exercise price of a Stock Option or
other Award, such shares shall again become available for grants or Awards hereunder. Such shares of Common Stock available for issuance
under the Plan may be either authorized but unissued shares, shares of issued stock held in the Companys treasury, or both, at
the discretion of the Company.

8

5.2. Adjustment to Shares.
The existence of the Plan, the Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect or restrict in any way the right or
power of the Company or the shareholders of the Company to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other
change in the Companys capital structure or its business, (ii) any merger or consolidation of the Company, (iii) any issue of stock
or of options, warrants or rights to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks whose rights are superior
to or affect the Common Stock or the rights thereof or which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, or (iv) the dissolution
or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding,
whether of a similar character or otherwise. In addition to automatic proportional changes which occur as a result of any stock dividend,
stock split or reverse split (also a combination), if there is any change in the Common Stock of the Company, through merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization, split-off, spin-off, exchange of shares, dividend in kind or other like change in capital structure
or distribution to shareholders of the Company in the nature of a liquidating distribution or a distribution pursuant to a plan of dissolution,
the Committee may, in its discretion, make a proportionate adjustment to each outstanding Award that the Committee considers appropriate
so that thereafter each such Award shall be with respect to or exercisable for such securities, cash and/or other property as would have
been received in respect of the Common Stock subject to such Award had such Award been paid, distributed or exercised in full immediately
prior to such change or distribution. In addition, in the event of any such change or distribution, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement
of Participants rights under the Plan, the Committee shall have the authority to adjust, in an equitable manner as it deems appropriate,
the number and kind of shares that may be received in respect of any Award, the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards,
the exercise price applicable to outstanding Stock Options, and the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock and other value determinations
applicable to outstanding Awards. Appropriate adjustments may also be made by the Committee in the terms of any Awards granted under the
Plan to reflect such changes or distributions and to modify any other terms of outstanding Awards on an equitable basis, including modifications
of performance goals and changes in the length of performance periods; provided, however, that with respect to Performance-Based
Awards, such modifications and/or changes do not disqualify compensation attributable to such Awards as performance-based compensation
under Code Section 162(m). In addition, the Committee is authorized to make adjustments to the terms and conditions of, and the criteria
included in, Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company,
or in response to changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles. The Committees determination of what, if any,
adjustments shall be made shall be final and binding on the Company and all Participants.

5.3. No Repricing. Absent
shareholder approval, neither the Committee nor the Board shall have the authority, with or without the consent of the affected holders
of the Awards, to reprice a Stock Option or SAR after the date of its initial grant with a lower exercise price in substitution
for the original exercise price. Adjustments in accordance with Section 5.2 above shall not be deemed repricings for purposes
of this Section 5.3. This Section 5.3 may not be amended, altered or repealed by the Committee or the Board without the approval of the
shareholders of the Company.

9

6. RESERVED

7. STOCK OPTIONS 

7.1. In General. The Committee
may, in its sole discretion, grant Stock Options to Employees, Nonemployee Directors and Independent Contractors on or after the Effective
Date, subject, in all cases to Section 2.2 of the Plan. The Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine the Employees, the Nonemployee
Directors and Independent Contractors who will receive Stock Options and the number of shares of Common Stock underlying each Stock Option.
Each Stock Option shall be subject to such terms and conditions consistent with the Plan set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and
such other terms and conditions consistent with the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement as the Committee may impose from time to time.
In addition, each Stock Option shall be subject to the following terms and conditions set forth in Sections 7.2 through 7.8 below.

7.2. Exercise Price. The
Committee (or authorized executive officer) shall specify the exercise price of each Stock Option in the Award Agreement; provided,
however, that the exercise price of any Stock Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on
the date of grant.

7.3. Term of Stock Option.
The Committee (or authorized executive officer) shall specify the term of each Stock Option in the Award Agreement shall terminate as
set forth in Section 14 below or at such earlier times and upon such conditions or circumstances as the Committee shall, in its sole discretion,
set forth in the Award Agreement.

7.4. Vesting Date. The Committee
(or authorized executive officer) shall specify the Vesting Date with respect to each Stock Option in the Award Agreement; provided,
that the Committee (or authorized executive officer) may provide in the applicable Award Agreement that any Stock Option shall
Vest in such portions or installments as the Committee(or authorized executive officer) may, in its sole discretion, determine. The Committee
may grant Stock Options that are Vested, either in whole or in part, on the date of grant. If the Committee fails to specify a Vesting
Date in the Award Agreement, 25% of such Stock Option shall become exercisable on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of
grant and shall remain exercisable following such anniversary date until the Stock Option expires in accordance with its terms under the
Award Agreement or under the terms of the Plan.The Vesting of a Stock Option may be subject to such other terms and conditions as shall
be determined by the Committee, including, without limitation, accelerating the Vesting if certain performance goals are achieved.

10

7.5. Exercise of Stock Options.
The Stock Option exercise price may be paid in cash or, in the sole discretion of the Committee, by the delivery of shares of Common Stock
or other securities of the Company then owned by the Participant, by the withholding of shares of Common Stock (based upon the Fair Market
Value as of the date notice of exercise is delivered to the Company) for which a Stock Option is exercisable, or by a combination of these
methods. In the sole discretion of the Committee, and subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, payment may also be made
by delivering a properly executed exercise notice to the Company together with a copy of irrevocable instructions to a broker to deliver
promptly to the Company the amount of sale proceeds to pay the exercise price. To facilitate the foregoing, the Company may enter into
agreements for coordinated procedures with one or more brokerage firms. The Committee may prescribe any other method of paying the exercise
price that it determines to be consistent with applicable law and the purpose of the Plan, including, without limitation, in lieu of the
exercise of a Stock Option by delivery of shares of Common Stock then owned by a Participant, providing the Company with a notarized statement
attesting to the number of shares owned by the Participant, where upon verification by the Company, the Company would issue to the Participant
only the number of incremental shares to which the Participant is entitled upon exercise of the Stock Option. In determining which methods
a Participant may utilize to pay the exercise price, the Committee may consider such factors as it determines are appropriate; provided,
however, that any method approved by the Committee shall comply with applicable securities laws. When payment of the exercise price
for a Stock Option consists of shares of the Companys capital stock or other securities of the Company, such securities will not
be accepted as payment unless the Participant has held such shares for the requisite period necessary to avoid a charge to the Companys
earnings for financial reporting purposes.

7.6. Additional Terms and Conditions.
The Committee may, by way of the Award Agreements or otherwise, establish such other terms, conditions, restrictions and/or limitations,
if any, of any Stock Option, as they may determine in their sole discretion; provided, they are not inconsistent with the Plan, including,
without limitation, any requirement that the Participant not engage in competition with the Company or any Subsidiary.

7.7. Conversion Stock Options.
The Committee may, in its sole discretion and upon such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, grant a Stock Option to any holder
of an option (hereinafter referred to as an Original Option) to purchase shares of the stock of any corporation:

(a) the stock or all or substantially
all of the assets of which were acquired, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any Subsidiary, or

(b) which was merged with and into
the Company or a Subsidiary, so that the Original Option is converted into a Stock Option (hereinafter referred to as a Conversion
Stock Option); provided, however, that such Conversion Stock Option as of the date of its grant (the Conversion
Stock Option Grant Date) shall have substantially the same economic value as the Original Option as of the Conversion Stock
Option Grant Date.

7.8. Additional Restrictions
Applicable to ISOs.

(a) 10 Percent Shareholders.
A 10 Percent Shareholder shall not be granted an ISO unless the exercise price is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value of the Common
Stock at the date of grant and the ISO is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant.

11

(b) Eligibility for Specific
Awards. ISOs may be granted only to Employees.

(c) Term. Subject to the
additional limitations applicable to 10 Percent Shareholders, no ISO shall be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date
of grant.

(d) Exercise Price of an ISO.
Subject to the additional limitations applicable to 10 Percent Shareholders, the exercise price of each ISO shall be not less than 100%
of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the ISO on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an ISO may be granted
with an exercise price lower than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such ISO is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution
for another option in a manner satisfying the provisions of Section 424(a) of the Code.

(e) ISO $100,000 Limitation.
To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which ISOs are exercisable
for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its Affiliates) exceeds $100,000, the
Stock Options or portions thereof which exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) shall be treated as Nonqualified
Stock Options.

(f) Disqualifying Dispositions.
Any Participant who shall make a disposition (as defined in Section 424 of the Code) of all or any portion of shares of
Common Stock acquired upon exercise of an ISO within two years from the date of grant of such ISO or within one year after the issuance
of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of such ISO (a Disqualifying Disposition) shall be required
to immediately advise the Company in writing as to the occurrence of the sale and the price realized upon the sale of such shares of Common
Stock.

8. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

8.1. In General. The Committee
may, in its sole discretion, grant SARs to Employees, Nonemployee Directors, and/or Independent Contractors. An SAR is a right to receive
a payment in cash, Common Stock or a combination of both, in an amount equal to the excess of (x) the Fair Market Value of the Common
Stock, or other specified valuation, of a specified number of shares of Common Stock on the date the SAR is exercised over (y) the Fair
Market Value of the Common Stock, or other specified valuation (which shall be no less than the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock),
of such shares of Common Stock on the date the SAR is granted, all as determined by the Committee. If a SAR is granted in tandem with,
or subsequently to, a related Stock Option, or in substitution for a related Stock Option, the designated Fair Market Value of the Common
Stock in the Award Agreement shall be the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date such Stock Option was granted, the SAR shall
cover the same number of shares of Common Stock as covered by the Stock Option (or such lesser number of shares as the Committee may determine)
and the SAR shall be exercisable only at such time or times and to the extent the related Stock Option shall be exercisable, and shall
have the same term and exercise price as the related Stock Option. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with,
or subsequently to, a related Stock Option, the related Stock Option shall be cancelled automatically to the extent of the number of shares
covered by such exercise; conversely, if the related Stock Option is exercised as to some or all of the shares covered by the tandem grant,
the tandem Stock Appreciation Right shall be cancelled automatically to the extent of the number of shares covered by the Stock Option
exercised. Each SAR shall be subject to such terms and conditions, including, but not limited to, a provision that automatically converts
a SAR into a Stock Option on a conversion date specified at the time of grant, as the Committee shall impose from time to time in its
sole discretion and subject to the terms of the Plan.

12

9. STOCK AWARDS AND RSUs

9.1. Stock Awards. The Committee
may, in its sole discretion, grant Stock Awards to Employees, Nonemployee Directors, and/or Independent Contractors as additional compensation
or in lieu of other compensation for services to the Company. A Stock Award shall consist of shares of Common Stock which shall be subject
to such terms and conditions as the Committee in its sole discretion determines appropriate, including, without limitation, restrictions
on the sale or other disposition of such shares, the Vesting Date with respect to such shares, and the right of the Company to reacquire
such shares for no consideration upon termination of the Participants employment within specified periods. With respect to the
shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award, the Participant shall have all of the rights of a holder of shares of Common Stock, including
the right to receive dividends and to vote the shares, unless the Committee determines otherwise on the date of grant. The Committee may
require the Participant to deliver a duly signed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Common Stock covered by such Stock Award.
As a condition to any Stock Award, the Participant may be required to deliver to the Company a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating
to the Shares covered by such Award. Any stock certificate issued in connection with a Stock Award may be held in the custody of the Company
and will bear the following legend and/or any other legend required by this Plan, the applicable Award Agreement or applicable law:

THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SHARES
REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF COCRYSTAL PHARMA, INC. 2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AND AN AGREEMENT ENTERED
INTO BETWEEN THE PARTICIPANT AND COCRYSTAL PHARMA, INC. (WHICH TERMS AND CONDITIONS MAY INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CERTAIN TRANSFER
RESTRICTIONS AND FORFEITURE CONDITIONS). COPIES OF THAT PLAN AND AGREEMENT ARE ON FILE IN THE PRINCIPAL OFFICES OF COCRYSTAL PHARMA, INC.
AND WILL BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE HOLDER OF THIS CERTIFICATE WITHOUT CHARGE UPON REQUEST TO THE SECRETARY OF COCRYSTAL PHARMA, INC.

9.2. RSUs. The Committee
may, in its sole discretion, grant RSUs to Employees, Nonemployee Directors, and/or Independent Contractors as additional compensation
or in lieu of other compensation for services to the Company. An RSU is a hypothetical share of Common Stock represented by a notional
account established and maintained (or caused to be established or maintained) by the Company for such Participant who receives a grant
of RSUs. RSUs shall be subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines appropriate including,
without limitation, determinations of the Vesting Date with respect to such RSUs and the criteria for the Vesting of such RSUs. An RSU
granted by the Committee shall provide for payment in shares of Common Stock at such time or times as the Award Agreement shall specify.
The Committee shall determine whether a Participant who has been granted an RSU shall also be entitled to a Dividend Equivalent Right.

13

9.3. Payout of RSUs. In
accordance with Section 17.3, below, the Committee may provide, or a Participant may request, that the delivery of RSUs be deferred beyond
the time of vesting, and the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether to approve such deferred delivery. Subject to
a Participants election to defer, upon the Vesting of an RSU, the shares of Common Stock representing the Restricted Stock Unit
shall be distributed to the Participant, unless the Committee, in its sole discretion, provides for the payment of the Restricted Stock
Unit in cash (or partly in cash and partly in shares of Common Stock) equal to the value of the shares of Common Stock which would otherwise
be distributed to the Participant.

10. PERFORMANCE SHARES AND PERFORMANCE UNITS 

10.1. Performance Shares.
The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant Performance Shares to Employees, Nonemployee Directors, and/or Independent Contractors
as additional compensation or in lieu of other compensation for services to the Company. A Performance Share shall consist of a share
or shares of Common Stock which shall be subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines appropriate,
including, without limitation, determining the performance goal or goals which, depending on the extent to which such goals are met, will
determine the number and/or value of the Performance Shares that will be paid out or distributed to the Participant who has been granted
Performance Shares. Performance goals may be based on, without limitation, Company-wide, divisional and/or individual performance, as
the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine, and may be based on the performance measures listed in Section 12.3 below. With
respect to the Performance Shares, the Participant shall have none of the rights of a holder of shares of Common Stock, including the
right to receive dividends and to vote the shares, unless and until such Performance Shares shall have been Vested and distributed to
the Participant.

10.2. Performance Units.
The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant Performance Units to Employees, Nonemployee Directors, and/or Independent Contractors
as additional compensation or in lieu of other compensation for services to the Company. A Performance Unit is a hypothetical share or
shares of Common Stock represented by a notional account which shall be established and maintained (or caused to be established or maintained)
by the Company for such Participant who receives a grant of Performance Units. Performance Units shall be subject to such terms and conditions
as the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines appropriate, including, without limitation, determining the performance goal or goals
which, depending on the extent to which such goals are met, will determine the number and/or value of the Performance Units that will
be accrued with respect to the Participant who has been granted Performance Units. Performance goals may be based on, without limitation,
Company-wide, divisional and/or individual performance, as the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine, and may be based on the
performance measures listed in Section 12.3 below.

10.3. Payout of Performance
Shares or Performance Units. Subject to a Participants election to defer in accordance with Section 17.3 below, upon the Vesting
of a Performance Share or a Performance Unit, the shares of Common Stock representing the Performance Share or the Performance Unit shall
be distributed to the Participant, unless the Committee, in its sole discretion, provides for the payment of the Performance Share or
a Performance Unit in cash (or partly in cash and partly in shares of Common Stock) equal to the value of the shares of Common Stock which
would otherwise be distributed to the Participant.

14

11. CASH AWARDS 

11.1. In General. The Committee
may, in its sole discretion, grant Cash Awards to Employees, Nonemployee Directors, and/or Independent Contractors as additional compensation
or in lieu of other compensation for services to the Company. A Cash Award shall be subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee,
in its sole discretion, determines appropriate, including, without limitation, determining the Vesting Date with respect to such Cash
Award, the criteria for the Vesting of such Cash Award, and the right of the Company to require the Participant to repay the Cash Award
(with or without interest) upon termination of the Participants employment within specified periods.

12. PERFORMANCE-BASED AWARDS 

12.1. In General. The Committee,
in its sole discretion, may designate Awards granted under the Plan as Performance-Based Awards (as defined below) if it determines that
such compensation might not be tax deductible by the Company due to the deduction limitation imposed by Code Section 162(m). Accordingly,
an Award granted under the Plan may be granted in such a manner that the compensation attributable to such Award is intended by the Committee
to qualify as qualified performance-based compensation (as such term is used in Code Section 162(m) and the Treasury Regulations
thereunder) and thus be exempt from the deduction limitation imposed by Code Section 162(m) (Performance-Based Awards).

12.2. Qualification of Performance-Based
Awards. Awards shall only qualify as Performance-Based Awards under the Plan if:

(a) at the time of grant the Committee
is comprised solely of two or more outside directors (as such term is used in Code Section 162(m) and the Treasury Regulations
thereunder);

(b) with respect to either the
granting or Vesting of an Award (other than (i) a Nonqualified Stock Option or (ii) a SAR, which are granted with an exercise price at
or above the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of grant), such Award is subject to the achievement of a performance goal
or goals based on one or more of the performance measures specified in Section 12.3 below;

(c) the Committee establishes in
writing (i) the objective performance-based goals applicable to a given performance period and (ii) the individual employees or class
of employees to which such performance-based goals apply no later than 90 days after the commencement of such performance period (but
in no event after 25 percent of such performance period has elapsed);

(d) no compensation attributable
to a Performance-Based Award will be paid to or otherwise received by a Participant until the Committee certifies in writing that the
performance goal or goals (and any other material terms) applicable to such performance period have been satisfied; and

15

(e) after the establishment of
a performance goal, the Committee shall not revise such performance goal (unless such revision will not disqualify compensation attributable
to the Award as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m)) or increase the amount of compensation payable
with respect to such Award upon the attainment of such performance goal.

12.3. Performance Measures.
The Committee shall use the following performance measures (either individually or in any combination) to set performance goals with respect
to Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based Awards: net sales; pretax income before allocation of corporate overhead and bonus;
budget; cash flow; earnings per share; net income; financial goals; return on shareholders equity; return on assets; attainment
of strategic and operational initiatives; appreciation in and/or maintenance of the price of the Common Stock or any other publicly-traded
securities of the Company; market share; gross profits; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization; economic value-added models; comparisons with various stock market indices; and/or reductions in costs.

13. CHANGE IN CONTROL 

13.1. Accelerated Vesting.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, and without limiting the powers of the Committee under Section 4.3 of
the Plan, if there is a Change in Control of the Company, the Vesting Date and/or payout of each outstanding Award shall be accelerated
so that each such Award shall, immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control, become fully vested with respect to the
total number of shares of Common stock subject to such Award. Upon the consummation of any Change in Control, all outstanding Awards under
the Plan shall, to the extent not previously exercised, either be assumed by any successor corporation or parent thereof or be replaced
with a comparable Award with respect to shares of common stock of such successor corporation or parent thereof.

13.2. Cashout. The Committee,
in its sole discretion, may determine that, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control of the Company, all or a portion of certain outstanding
Awards shall terminate within a specified number of days after notice to the holders, and each such holder shall receive an amount equal
to the value of such Award on the date of the Change in Control, and with respect to each share of Common Stock subject to a Stock Option
or SAR, an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of such shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the occurrence of such
Change in Control (or such other greater amount as the Committee may determine in its sole and absolute discretion to be equitable to
prevent dilution or enlargement of Participants rights under the Plan) over the exercise price per share of such Stock Option or
SAR. Such amount shall be payable in cash, in one or more kinds of property (including the property, if any, payable in the transaction)
or in a combination thereof, as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine.

13.3. Assumption or Substitution
of Awards. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide that
an Award may be assumed by any entity which acquires control of the Company or may be substituted by a similar award under such entitys
compensation plans.

16

14. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT, FORFEITURE AND CLAWBACK

14.1. Termination of Employment
Due to Death. Subject to the terms of the Plan, any written agreement between the Participant and the Company, and the applicable
Award Agreement, if a Participants employment is terminated due to death:

(a) all non-Vested portions of
Awards held by the Participant on the date of the Participants death shall immediately be forfeited by such Participant as of such
date; and

(b) all Vested portions of Stock
Options and SARs held by the Participant on the date of the Participants death shall remain exercisable until the earlier of:

(i) the end of the 12-month period
following the date of the Participants death, or

(ii) the date the Stock Option
or SAR would otherwise expire.

14.2. Termination of Employment
for Cause. Subject to the terms of the Plan, and in addition to the remedies provided in Section 14.7, any written agreement between
the Participant and the Company, and the applicable Award Agreement, if a Participants employment is terminated by the Company
for Cause, all Awards held by a Participant on the date of the termination of his or her employment for Cause, whether Vested or non-Vested,
shall immediately be forfeited by such Participant as of such date. If a Participants employment is terminated for Cause during
the six months following any exercise, payment or delivery pursuant to an Award, such exercise, payment or delivery may be rescinded within
two years thereafter. In the event of any such rescission, the Participant shall pay to the Company the amount of any gain realized or
payment received as a result of the rescinded exercise, payment or delivery, in such manner and on such terms and conditions as may be
required, and the Company shall be entitled to set-off against the amount of any such gain any amount owed to the Participant by the Company.

14.3. Termination of Employment
Due to Disability. Subject to the terms of the Plan, any written agreement between the Participant and the Company, and the applicable
Award Agreement, if a Participants employment is terminated due to Disability of the Participant:

(a) all non-Vested portions of
Awards held by the Participant on the date of the termination of his or her employment shall immediately be forfeited by such Participant
as of such date; and

(b) all Vested portions of Stock
Options and SARs held by the Participant onthe date of the termination of his or her employment shall remain exercisable until the earlier
of:

(i) the end of the 12-month period
following the date of the termination of his or her employment, or

(ii) the date the Stock Option
or SAR would otherwise expire.

17

14.4. Other Terminations of
Employment. Subject to the terms of the Plan, any written agreement between the Participant and the Company, and the applicable Award
Agreement, if a Participants employment is terminated for any reason other than for Cause, or due to death or Disability:

(a) all non-Vested portions of
Awards held by the Participant on the date of the termination of his or her employment shall immediately be forfeited by such Participant
as of such date; and all Vested portions of Stock Options and/or SARs held by the Participant on the date of the termination of his or
her employment shall remain exercisable until the earlier of;

(i) 90 days following the date
of the termination of the Participants employment, or

(ii) the date the Stock Option
or SAR would otherwise expire.

14.5. Change in Status.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Plan, if any Employee ceases for any reason to be an Employee but continues
to perform services for the Company (whether as a Nonemployee Director, consultant, agent, Independent Contractor or otherwise), at the
sole discretion of the Committee, such Participant shall retain some or all of his or her Awards upon the original terms and conditions
thereof; provided, however, that in connection with such change in status, the Committee may not take action with respect
to any Award that would constitute the cancellation of the original Award and the grant of a new Award under the Code; and provided,
further, that if such Participant thereafter ceases to perform services for the Company then the provisions of this Section 14.4
shall no longer apply and such Award shall thereafter be subject to the provisions of Section 14.1, 14.2 or 14.3, as applicable.

14.6. Committee Discretion.
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, and without limiting the powers of the Committee under Section 4.3 of
the Plan, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide that:

(a) any or all non-Vested portions
of Stock Options and/or SARs held by the Participant on the date of the Participants death and/or the date of the termination of
his or her employment shall immediately become exercisable as of such date and shall remain exercisable until a date that occurs on or
prior to the date the Stock Option or SAR is scheduled to expire;

(b) any or all Vested portions
of Nonqualified Stock Options and/or SARs held by the Participant on the date of the Participants death and/or the date of the
termination of his or her employment shall remain exercisable until a date that occurs on or prior to the date the Stock Option or SAR
is scheduled to expire; and/or

(c) any or all non-Vested portions
of Stock Awards, RSUs, Performance Shares, Performance Units, and/or Cash Awards held by the Participant on the date of the Participants
death and/or the date of the termination of his or her employment shall immediately Vest or shall become Vested on a date that occurs
on or prior to the date the Award is scheduled to vest.

14.7 Forfeiture Events. The Committee may specify
in an Award Agreement that the Participants rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction,
cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain events, in addition to applicable vesting conditions of an Award.
Such events may include, without limitation, breach of non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, or other restrictive covenants
that are contained in the Award Agreement or otherwise applicable to the Participant, a termination for Cause of the Participants
service to the Company as an Employee, Nonemployee Director, consultant, agent, or Independent Contractor, or other conduct by the Participant
that is detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company and/or its Affiliates.

18

14.8 Clawbacks. Except
as provided in a written agreement with the Participant, all Awards shall be subject to possible cancellation and clawback as provided
below. Any cancellation and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing
requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement)
shall be automatic without further action by the Board or Committee and be incorporated in this Plan and all Award Agreements. The following
cancellation and clawback provisions shall be deemed to be incorporated in any Award Agreement, unless otherwise specified to the contrary.

(a) The
Participant is dismissed as an employee based upon fraud, theft, or dishonesty, which is reflected in a written or electronic notice given
to the employee;

(b) The
Participant purchases or sells securities of the Company in violation of the Companys insider trading guidelines then in effect;

(c) The
Participant breaches any duty of confidentiality including that required by the Companys insider trading guidelines then in effect;

(d) The
Participant competes with the Company by soliciting customers located within or otherwise where the Company is doing business within any
state, or where the Company expects to do business within three months following ceasing to perform the Services the Participant was performing
at such time and, in this later event, the Participant has actual knowledge of such plans;

(e) The
Participant is unavailable for consultation after termination of the Participant if such availability is a condition of any agreement
between the Company and the Participant;

(f) The
Participant recruits Company personnel for another entity or business; within 24 months following termination of employment; or

(g) The
Participant fails to assign any invention, technology, or related intellectual property rights to the Company if such assignment is a
condition of any agreement between the Company and the Participant;

This Section 14.8 shall not be deemed to limit the
authority of any policy adopted under Section 10D of he Exchange Act that relates to incentive compensation.

15. TAXES 

15.1. Withholding Taxes.
With respect to Employees, the Company, or the applicable Subsidiary, may require a Participant whose Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit,
Performance Share or Performance Unit granted hereunder has Vested, or who exercises a Stock Option or SAR granted hereunder to reimburse
the Company or the Subsidiary which employs such Participant for any taxes required by any governmental regulatory authority to be withheld
or otherwise deducted and paid by such corporation or entity in respect of the issuance or disposition of such shares or the payment of
any amounts. In lieu thereof, the Company or the Subsidiary which employs such Participant, shall have the right to withhold the amount
of such taxes from any other sums due or to become due from the Company or the Subsidiary, as applicable, to the Participant upon such
terms and conditions as the Committee shall in its sole discretion prescribe. The Company or the Subsidiary that employs such Participant
may, in its discretion, hold the stock certificate to which such Participant is entitled upon the Vesting of a Stock Award, Restricted
Stock Unit, Performance Share or Performance Unit or the exercise of a Stock Option or SAR as security for the payment of such withholding
tax liability, until cash sufficient to pay that liability has been accumulated by or paid to the Company or such Subsidiary.

19

15.2. Use of Common Stock to
Satisfy Withholding Obligation. With respect to Employees, at any time that the Company, Subsidiary or other entity that employs such
Participant becomes subject to a withholding obligation under applicable law with respect to the vesting of a Stock Award, RSU, Performance
Share or Performance Unit or the exercise of a Nonqualified Stock Option or SAR (the Tax Date), except as set forth below,
a holder of such Award may, subject to the approval of the Committee, elect to satisfy, in whole or in part, the holders related
personal tax liabilities (an Election) by (i) directing the Company, Subsidiary or other entity that employs such Participant
to withhold from shares issuable in the related vesting or exercise either a specified number of shares or shares of Common Stock having
a specified value (in each case equal to the related minimum statutory personal withholding tax liabilities with respect to the applicable
taxing jurisdiction in order to comply with the requirements for a fixed plan under Accounting Principals Board Opinion
No. 25), (ii) tendering shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company previously issued pursuant to the exercise of a Stock
Option or other shares of the Common Stock owned by the holder, or (iii) combining any or all of the foregoing Elections in any fashion.
The foregoing notwithstanding, however, when previously issued shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company are tendered
pursuant to an Election, such tender of shares will not be accepted unless the Participant has held such shares for the requisite period
necessary to avoid a charge to the Companys earnings for financial reporting purposes. An Election shall be irrevocable. The withheld
shares and other shares of Common Stock or other securities tendered in payment shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the Tax
Date. The Committee may in its sole discretion disapprove of any Election, suspend or terminate the right to make Elections or provide
that the right to make Elections shall not apply to particular shares or exercises. The Committee may impose any additional conditions
or restrictions on the right to make an Election as it shall deem appropriate, including conditions or restrictions with respect to Section
16 of the Exchange Act.

15.3. No Guarantee of Tax Consequences.
No Person connected with the Plan in any capacity, including, but not limited to, the Company and any Subsidiary and their respective
directors, officers, agents and employees makes any representation, commitment, or guarantee that any tax treatment, including, but not
limited to, federal, state and local income, estate and gift tax treatment, will be applicable with respect to amounts deferred under
the Plan, or paid to or for the benefit of a Participant under the Plan, or that such tax treatment will apply to or be available to a
Participant on account of participation in the Plan.

16. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

16.1. Termination of Plan.
The Board or the Committee may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time with or without prior notice; provided, however,
that no action authorized by this Section 16.1 shall reduce the amount of any outstanding Award or adversely change the terms and conditions
thereof without the Participants consent.

16.2. Amendment of Plan.
The Board shall have broad authority to amend the Plan, and either the Board or the Committee shall have broad authority to amend any
Award, in each case to take into account changes in applicable tax laws, securities laws, accounting rules and other applicable state
and federal laws. Provided that no amendment may adversely affect the rights of any Participant under any outstanding Award without
the Participants consent; and, provided further, that no such amendment shall be effective without shareholder approval
if such approval is required to comply with any applicable law or the rules of any national securities exchange or other market system
on which the Companys securities are then listed or traded; and, provided further, that the Board may not, without shareholder
approval, increase the maximum number of shares issuable under the Plan, except as provided in Section 5.1.

20

16.3. Amendment or Cancellation
of Award Agreements. Without limitation to the rights of the Committee under Sections 4.3 and 14.6 of the Plan, the Committee may
amend or modify any Award Agreement at any time by mutual agreement between the Committee and the Participant or such other Persons as
may then have an interest therein. In addition, by mutual agreement between the Committee and a Participant or such other Persons as may
then have an interest therein, Awards may be granted to an Employee, Nonemployee Director or Independent Contractor in substitution and
exchange for, and in cancellation of, any Awards previously granted to such Employee, Nonemployee Director or Independent Contractor under
the Plan, or any award previously granted to such Employee, Nonemployee Director or Independent Contractor under any other present or
future plan of the Company or any present or future plan of an entity which (i) is purchased by the Company, (ii) purchases the Company,
or (iii) merges into or with the Company.

17. MISCELLANEOUS 

17.1. Other Provisions.
Awards granted under the Plan may also be subject to such other provisions (whether or not applicable to the Award granted to any other
Participant) as the Committee determines in its sole discretion on the date of grant to be appropriate, including, without limitation,
for the installment purchase of Common Stock under Stock Options, to assist the Participant in financing the acquisition of Common Stock,
for the forfeiture of, or restrictions on resale or other disposition of, Common Stock acquired under any Stock Option, for the acceleration
of Vesting of Awards in the event of a Change in Control of the Company, for the payment of the value of Awards to Participants in the
event of a Change in Control of the Company, or to comply with federal and state securities laws, or understandings or conditions as to
the Participants employment in addition to those specifically provided for under the Plan.

17.2. Transferability. Each
Award granted under the Plan to a Participant shall not be transferable otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations adopted thereunder and Stock Options and SARs shall be exercisable, during
the Participants lifetime, only by the Participant; provided, however, that the Committee may in its sole discretion
permit the transfer of an Award to a Participants Family Members or to one or more trusts established in whole or in part for the
benefit of one or more such Family Members In the event of the death of a Participant, each Stock Option or SAR theretofore granted to
him or her shall be exercisable during such period after his or her death as the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, set forth in
the Award Agreement on the date of grant and then only by the executor or administrator of the estate of the deceased Participant or the
Person or Persons to whom the deceased Participants rights under the Stock Option or SAR shall pass by will or the laws of descent
and distribution. Nothing contained in this Section 17.2 shall be deemed to prevent the transfer or sale of Common Stock in accordance
with the registration requirements or any exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 and applicable state securities
law.

17.3. Election to Defer Compensation
Attributable to Award. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, allow a Participant to elect to defer the receipt of any compensation
attributable to an Award under guidelines and procedures to be established by the Committee after taking into account the advice of the
Companys tax counsel.

17.4. Listing of Shares and
Related Matters. If at any time the Committee shall determine that the listing, registration or qualification of the shares of Common
Stock subject to any Award on any securities exchange or under any applicable law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory
or self-regulatory authority, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the granting of an Award or the issuance
of shares of Common Stock thereunder, such Award may not be exercised, distributed or paid out, as the case may be, in whole or in part,
unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not
acceptable to the Committee. The Committee may require each Participant purchasing or acquiring shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Stock
Option or other Award under the Plan to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such Participant is acquiring the shares
for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof. All certificates for shares of Common Stock delivered under the Plan shall
be subject to such stock-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, regulations, and
other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange on which the Companys securities
are listed, and any applicable federal or state securities law, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such
certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.

21

17.5. No Right, Title, or Interest
in Company Assets. Participants shall have no right, title, or interest whatsoever in or to any investments which the Company may
make to aid it in meeting its obligations under the Plan. Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions,
shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant, beneficiary,
legal representative or any other Person. The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for incentive compensation. To the extent
that any Person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of
an unsecured general creditor of the Company. All payments to be made hereunder shall be paid from the general funds of the Company and
no special or separate fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such amounts except as
expressly set forth in the Plan. The Plan is not intended to be subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

17.6. No Right to Continued
Employment or Service or to Grants. The Participants rights, if any, to continue to serve the Company as a director, officer,
employee, independent contractor or otherwise, shall not be enlarged or otherwise affected by his or her designation as a Participant
under the Plan, and the Company or the applicable Subsidiary reserves the right to terminate the employment of any Employee or the services
of any Independent Contractor or director at any time. The adoption of the Plan shall not be deemed to give any Employee, Nonemployee
Director, Independent Contractor or any other individual any right to be selected as a Participant or to be granted an Award.

17.7. Awards Subject to Foreign
Laws. The Committee may grant Awards to individual Participants who are subject to the tax laws of nations other than the United States,
and such Awards may have terms and conditions as determined by the Committee as necessary to comply with applicable foreign laws. The
Committee may take any action, which it deems advisable to obtain approval of such Awards by the appropriate foreign governmental entity;
provided, however, that no such Awards may be granted pursuant to this Section 17.7 and no action may be taken which would
result in a violation of the Exchange Act or any other applicable law.

17.8. Governing Law. The
Plan, all Awards granted hereunder, and all actions taken in connection herewith shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to principles of conflict of laws, except as superseded by applicable federal law
or as otherwise provided in any Award Agreement.

17.9. Other Benefits. No
Award granted under the Plan shall be considered compensation for purposes of computing benefits under any retirement plan of the Company
or any Subsidiary nor affect any benefits or compensation under any other benefit or compensation plan of the Company or any Subsidiary
now or subsequently in effect.

17.10. No Fractional Shares.
No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award. The Committee shall determine in
its sole discretion whether cash, Common Stock, or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of fractional shares or whether such
fractional shares or any rights thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated.

17.11. Authority of the Company
and Shareholders. The existence of the Plan, the Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect or restrict in
any way the right or power of the Company or the shareholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization
or other change in the Companys capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of stock
or of options, warrants or rights to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks whose rights are superior
to or affect the Common Stock or the rights thereof or which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, or the dissolution
or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding,
whether of a similar character or otherwise.

17.12. Other Compensation Plans.
The adoption of the Plan shall not affect any other stock option, incentive or other compensation plans in effect for the Company or any
Subsidiary, nor shall the plan preclude the Company from establishing any other forms of incentive or other compensation for Employees
and Nonemployee Directors of the Company or any Subsidiary.

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cocp-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cocp-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cocp-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38418

Entity Registrant Name Cocrystal
Pharma, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001412486

Entity Tax Identification Number 35-2528215

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 19805
N. Creek Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town Bothell

Entity Address, State or Province WA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98011

City Area Code (877)

Local Phone Number 262-7123

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol COCP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cocrystalpharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cocp-20250402.xsd 
cocp-20250402_lab.xml 
cocp-20250402_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003232-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001412486 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001412486 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
Cocrystal Pharma, Inc. 
DE 
001-38418 
35-2528215 
19805 N. Creek Parkway 
Bothell 
WA 
98011 
(877) 
262-7123 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
COCP 
NASDAQ
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>