<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-021758.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-021758.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307162434
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-021758
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250307
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001970622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				981720278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41711
		FILM NUMBER:		25720453

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205 #1017
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-476-6908

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205 #1017
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233632-8k425_inflect2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000197062200-000000000019706222025-03-072025-03-070001970622IPXX:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-03-072025-03-070001970622IPXX:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-072025-03-070001970622IPXX:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-072025-03-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 7, 2025

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-41711 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS. Employer

Identification No.)

167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York10016

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 476-6908

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant IPXXU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share IPXX The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share IPXXW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

As
previously disclosed on August 21, 2024, Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II (Inflection Point), USA Rare
Earth, LLC (USARE) and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC (Merger Sub) entered into that certain
Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024 (as amended on November 12, 2024 and January 30, 2025, the Business
Combination Agreement). In connection with the proposed business combination among Inflection Point, USARE and Merger Sub
(the Business Combination), Inflection Point filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283181)
(as amended, the Registration Statement) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).
On February 14, 2025, the Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC and on February 18, 2025, Inflection Point filed a
Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus relating to its extraordinary general meeting scheduled to be held on March 10, 2025 (the Definitive
Proxy Statement/Prospectus), to among other things, obtain the approvals required to consummate the Business Combination.
Before you vote or invest, you should read the Definitive Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and other documents that Inflection Point has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and
this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

The following information supplements and updates
the information contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus. This prospectus supplement should be read together with the Definitive
Proxy Statement/Prospectus. A copy of the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus can be accessed through the following link: sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1970622/000121390025014537/ea0220524-07.htm

Defined terms used herein and not otherwise defined
shall have the meanings set forth in the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

SUPPLEMENT TO DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

The disclosure on pages 102-108 of the Definitive
Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the heading The Business Combination ProposalBackground of the Business Combination
is hereby supplemented as follows:

On February 10, 2025, Inflection Point
engaged The Benchmark Company, LLC (Benchmark) to act as its capital markets advisor in connection with the
Business Combination.

On February 25, 2025, Inflection Point
engaged Canaccord Genuity LLC (Canaccord) to act as one of its capital markets advisors in connection with
the Business Combination.

On February 25, 2025, USARE engaged Roth
Capital Partners, LLC (Roth) to act as one of its capital markets advisors in connection with the Business
Combination.

The disclosure on page 229 of the Definitive Proxy
Statement/Prospectus under the heading Information about USARELegal Proceedings is hereby supplemented as
follows:

A complaint was filed in Delaware Chancery
Court by Ramco Asset Management, LLC (Ramco), US Trading Company Metals RE, LLC, and Dinsha Dynasty Trust
(collectively, the Plaintiffs) on July 29, 2022 against USA Rare Earth, LLC (USA Rare Earth),
Morzev Pty Ltd., Mordechai Gutnick ATF the Morzev Trust, Mordechai Gutnick, and Pini Althaus (collectively, the Defendants),
captioned Ramco Asset Management, LLC v. USA Rare Earth, LLC, C.A. No. 2022-0665-SG (as amended, the Complaint).
In connection with this matter and a disagreement regarding the number of units of USA Rare Earth that were issued to the Plaintiffs in
transactions during 2019, the Complaint alleged causes of action for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of the Corporations
Act (Australia), fraud and misrepresentation, and breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing. The Complaint seeks a variety of
relief, including compensatory and punitive damages, curative equity, attorneys fees and expenses and other relief as may be granted by
the court. USA Rare Earth thereafter filed a motion to dismiss Plaintiffs claims. After motion practice and argument, the court
dismissed all claims, except for Ramcos alleged breach of contract claim and alleged breach of good faith and fair dealing as asserted
against USA Rare Earth. The remaining plaintiff has not quantified its alleged damages. Ramco and USA Rare Earth are now engaged in discovery,
with trial scheduled for November 2025. USA Rare Earth intends to contest this matter vigorously.

1

The disclosure on page 247 of the Definitive Proxy
Statement/Prospectus under the heading Description of New USARE SecuritiesNew USARE Preferred StockProtective
Provisions is hereby amended and restated as follows:

Protective Provisions: For
as long as 20% of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued as of the Closing are held by Inflection Point Asset Management LLC,
and certain other holders of Series A Preferred Stock and their respective affiliates, New USARE shall not, without the affirmative
vote or action by written consent of holders of at least a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
(the Requisite Holders), take any of the following actions: (i) liquidate, dissolve or wind up the affairs
of New USARE; (ii) amend, alter, or repeal any provision of the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation or any similar
document of New USARE in a manner materially adverse to the Series A Preferred Stock; (iii) create or authorize the creation
of or issue any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security unless such security ranks junior to the Series A
Preferred Stock with respect to its rights, preferences and privileges, or increase the authorized number of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock; (iv) except in certain circumstances, purchase or redeem or pay any cash dividend on any capital stock ranking junior to the
Series A Preferred Stock, other than stock repurchased at cost from former employees and consultants in connection with the cessation
of their service or pursuant to the terms of any equity incentive plan; (v) enter into any transaction with an affiliate, other than
the issuance of equity or awards to eligible participants under New USAREs incentive plan, equity plan or equity-based compensation
plan or with respect to employment, consulting or award agreements with respect to executive officers of New USARE, in each case regardless
of whether such person (or such persons affiliates) would be considered an affiliate of New USARE; or (vi) incur or guarantee
any indebtedness, other than equipment leases or trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business, if the aggregate indebtedness
of New USARE and its subsidiaries for borrowed money following such action would exceed $5,000,000; provided, however, that the Series A
Preferred Stock shall not be considered indebtedness for purposes of this calculation.

The description of the terms of the Series A Preferred
Stock included in the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus, as supplemented by this Current Report on Form 8-K, does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the form of amended and restated form of Series A Preferred Stock
Certificate of Designation, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference
herein.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

The Business Combination
will be submitted to the shareholders of Inflection Point for their consideration. Inflection Point filed the Registration Statement with
the SEC, which includes a proxy statement/prospectus and certain other related documents, which serves as both the proxy statement distributed
to Inflection Points shareholders in connection with Inflection Points solicitation for proxies for the vote by Inflection
Points shareholders in connection with the Business Combination and other matters described in the Registration Statement, as well
as the prospectus relating to the offer and sale of the securities to be issued (or deemed issued) to Inflection Points securityholders
and USAREs equityholders in connection with the completion of the Business Combination. The Registration Statement was declared
effective by the SEC on February 14, 2025 and Inflection Point has mailed the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus and other relevant
documents to its shareholders as of the Record Date. Inflection Points shareholders and other interested persons are advised to
read the Registration Statement, the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein filed in connection
with the Business Combination, in connection with Inflection Points solicitation of proxies for its extraordinary general meeting
to be held to approve, among other things, the Business Combination, as well as other documents filed with the SEC in connection with
the Business Combination, as these documents contain important information about Inflection Point, USARE, and the Business Combination.
Securityholders of Inflection Point and equityholders of USARE may obtain a copy of the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus, as well
as other documents filed by Inflection Point with the SEC that will or may be incorporated by reference therein, without charge, at the
SECs website located at www.sec.gov or by directing a written request to Inflection Point at Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.
II, 167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017 New York, New York 10016.

The contents of IPXXs
and USAREs website are not incorporated into this communication.

Participants in the Solicitation

Inflection Point and its directors and executive
officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Inflection Points shareholders with respect to the Business
Combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the Business Combination
has been included in the sections entitled Beneficial Ownership of Securities and The Business Combination
Proposal Interests of Certain Inflection Point Persons in the Business Combination of the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus,
which is available free of charge at the SECs website at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1970622/000121390025014537/ea0220524-07.htm.

USAREs managers and executive officers
may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of Inflection Point in connection with the
Business Combination. A list of the names of such managers and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the Business
Combination has been included in the sections entitled Beneficial Ownership of Securities and The Business
Combination Proposal Interests of the USARE Directors and Executive Officers of the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus,
which is available free of charge at the SECs website at https: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1970622/000121390025014537/ea0220524-07.htm.

2

Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements

This communication includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding or similar to: estimates and forecasts
of financial and operational metrics; plans, goals, ambitions, targets, projections, future business and operations regarding future mining
capabilities, operations, manufacturing capacity and plant performance; projections of market opportunity and market share; USAREs
commercialization costs and timeline; USAREs ability to timely and effectively meet construction and mining timelines and scale
its production and manufacturing processes; USAREs ability to maintain, protect, and enhance its intellectual property; development
of favorable regulations and government demand, contracts, and incentives affecting the markets in which USARE operates; USAREs
ability to receive and/or maintain the necessary permits and other government approvals necessary to operate its business; any estimates
with respect to the rare earth and critical element and mineral deposits in the Texas Round Top deposit; Inflection Points and
USAREs expectations with respect to future performance of USAREs (and, after the Business Combination, the combined companys)
business; the expected funding of any investments prior to or concurrently with the Business Combination, to the extent they remain unfunded;
anticipated financial impacts of the Business Combination; the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the Business Combination; and
the timing of the completion of the Business Combination. For example, any projections of future enterprise value, revenue, market share,
and other metrics are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate,
believe, continue, estimate, expect, intend, may,
potential, predict, should, or will, or, or the negatives of these terms or variations
of them or similar terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words.

These forward-looking statements are based upon
estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by Inflection Point, USARE and their respective managements, as the case may
be, are inherently uncertain. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve
as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction, or a definitive statement of fact or probability.
Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances
are beyond the control of Inflection Point and USARE. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that
may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: (1) changes in domestic and foreign
business, market, financial, political conditions, and in applicable laws and regulations, (2) the occurrence of any event, change or
other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of definitive agreements and any negotiations with respect to the Business
Combination; (3) the outcome of any legal proceedings that have or may be instituted against Inflection Point, USARE, the combined company,
or others; (4) the inability to complete the Business Combination due to the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders of Inflection
Point for the Business Combination or to satisfy other conditions to closing; (5) changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination
that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations; (6) the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards
following the consummation of the Business Combination; (7) the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations
of Inflection Point or USARE, including as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination; (8) the ability
to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things: competition, the ability
of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, the ability of the combined company to build or maintain relationships with
customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees, the supply and demand for rare earth minerals, the timing and amount
of future production, costs of production, capital expenditures and requirements for additional capital, timing of future cash flow provided
by operating activities, if any, uncertainty in any mineral estimates, uncertainty in any geological, metallurgical, and geotechnical
studies and opinions, and transportation risks; (9) costs related to the Business Combination; (10) the possibility that USARE or the
combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (11) estimates of expenses and profitability
and underlying assumptions with respect to stockholder redemptions and purchase price and other adjustments; (12) risks related to the
development of USA Rare Earths magnet production facility and the timing of expected production milestones, and (13) other risks
and uncertainties set forth in the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and similar sections in Inflection Points final prospectus relating to its initial
public offering dated May 24, 2023, and in subsequent Inflection Point filings with the SEC, including the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus
relating to the Business Combination filed by Inflection Point, and any periodic Exchange Act reports filed with the SEC such as its Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K. The recipient of this communication should carefully
consider the foregoing risk factors and the other risks and uncertainties which are more fully described in the Risk Factors
section of the Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus and other documents filed by Inflection Point from time to time with the SEC. If
any of these risks materialize or the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results
implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Inflection Point nor USARE presently know or that
they currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from contained in the forward-looking statements.
In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Inflection Point and USAREs expectations, plans, or forecasts of future events
and views as of the date of this communication. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that
the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements
will be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this communication. Inflection Point, USARE, and their
respective representatives and affiliates specifically disclaim any obligation to, and do not intend to, update or revise these forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Accordingly, these forward-looking statements should
not be relied upon as representing Inflection Points, USAREs, or any of their respective representatives or affiliates
assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication, and therefore undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking
statements. This communication contains preliminary information only, is subject to change at any time, and is not, and should not be
assumed to be, complete or constitute all of the information necessary to adequately make an informed decision regarding any potential
investment in connection with the Proposed Business Combination.

3

No Offer or Solicitation

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute
(i) a solicitation of a proxy, consent, or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Business Combination, or
(ii) an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation to purchase any security of Inflection Point, USARE, or
any of their respective affiliates. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of
Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom, nor shall any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions
in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
jurisdiction be effected. No securities commission or securities regulatory authority in the United States or any other jurisdiction has
in any way passed upon the merits of the Business Combination or the accuracy or adequacy of this presentation.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibits

3.1 Form of USA Rare Earth, Inc. Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File-Embedded within the inline XBRL document.

4

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

Date: March 7, 2025 By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023363201ex3-1_inflect2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF USA RARE EARTH, INC. CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF 12.0% SERIES A CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

12.0% SERIES A CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

PURSUANT TO SECTION 151(g) OF THE

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

The undersigned, [],
does hereby certify that:

1.He is the Chief Executive Officer of USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation).

2.The Corporation is authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which have been issued.

3.The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors):

WHEREAS, the certificate of
incorporation of the Corporation provides for a class of its authorized stock known as preferred stock, consisting of 50,000,000 shares,
$0.0001 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
is authorized to fix the dividend rights, dividend rate, voting rights, conversion rights, rights and terms of redemption and liquidation
preferences of any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting any series and the designation thereof,
of any of them; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire
of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating
to a series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of, except as otherwise set forth in the Purchase Agreement, up to 50,000,000
shares of the preferred stock which the Corporation has the authority to issue, as follows:

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED,
that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock for cash or exchange of other securities,
rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to such series of
preferred stock as follows:

TERMS OF 12.0% SERIES A CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1.Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Accrued
Dividend shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

Accrued
Value means, as of any date, with respect to each share of Preferred Stock as of the determination date, the sum, subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to
the Preferred Stock, of (i) the Stated Value per share of Preferred Stock, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of any accrued PIK Dividends
on such share of Preferred Stock as of such date, plus (iii) on each Semi-Annual Dividend Date and on a cumulative basis, an additional
amount equal to the dollar value of all Cash Dividends that have accrued on such share pursuant to Section 3(a), but only
to the extent such Cash Dividends have not been paid, whether or not declared, but that have not, as of such date, been added to the Accrued
Value.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(f).

Annual
Rate means with respect to a PIK Dividend, 12.0% of the Accrued Value and with respect to a Cash Dividend, 10% of the Accrued
Value.

Applicable
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Available
Proceeds shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c)(i).

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Business
Combination means the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement.

Business
Combination Agreement means that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, as amended by Amendment
No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated November 12, 2024, and Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated
January 30, 2025, by and among the Corporation (or its predecessor), IPXX Merger Sub, LLC and USA Rare Earth, LLC, as it may be further
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed
to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York
generally are open for use by customers on such day.

2

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(iv).

Cash Dividend
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Purchase Agreement.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto and all conditions precedent to (i) each Holders obligations to pay for the Securities and (ii) the Corporations
obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation and stock of any other class of securities into
which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Convertible
Securities means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares of Common Stock;

Corporation
Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Deemed
Liquidation Event means: (i) a merger or consolidation in which (a) the Corporation is a constituent party or (b) a subsidiary
of the Corporation is a constituent party and the Corporation issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation;
provided, that, a Deemed Liquidation Event shall not include any such merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or a subsidiary
in which the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to represent,
or are converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock that represent, immediately following such merger or consolidation, at
least a majority, by voting power, of the capital stock of (1) the surviving or resulting corporation; or (2) if the surviving or resulting
corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation immediately following such merger or consolidation, the parent corporation
of such surviving or resulting corporation;
or (ii) (a) the sale, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, by the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation
of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (b) the sale or disposition (whether
by merger, consolidation or otherwise, and whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions) of one (1) or more subsidiaries
of the Corporation if substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary
or subsidiaries, except where such sale is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation.

3

Delaware
Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(d).

Dilutive
Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Effective
Date means the date that the Registration Statement filed by the Corporation pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
is first declared effective by the Commission.

Equity
Conditions means (i) the Common Stock is duly authorized, listed and eligible for trading without restriction on a Trading
Market, (ii) a resale registration statement shall be declared effective covering all Common Stock issuable to the Holders (assuming for
this purpose that conversion occurs at a Conversion Price equal to the Floor Price), (iii) the Corporations filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission are current, (iv) issuance of additional shares of Common Stock to the applicable Holder will not violate
such Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation and (v) the Corporation is in compliance with the Transaction Documents in all material
respects.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Excluded
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(ii).

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) any securities of the Corporation to employees, officers or directors, consultants, contractors,
vendors or other agents of the Corporation pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose
for services rendered to the Corporation, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued pursuant
to the Purchase Agreements or the Business Combination Agreement and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible
into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the Subscription Date, provided that such securities have not been
amended since the Subscription Dates to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) the
Underlying Shares, (d) securities issued pursuant to any merger, acquisition or strategic transaction or partnership approved by a majority
of the directors of the Corporation, provided that (i) such securities are issued as restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144) or are issued pursuant to an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and (ii) any such
issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company
or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Corporation and shall provide to the Corporation additional
benefits in addition to the investment of funds, and (e) any securities issued by the Corporation pursuant to any legal settlement or
similar arrangement agreed or entered into by the Corporation, provided that, in the aggregate, not more than []1
shares of Common Stock are issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion, settlement, exercise or exchange of any such securities
that are Options or Convertible Securities, but any such Exempt Issuance shall not include a transaction in which the Corporation
is issuing securities (i) primarily for the purpose of raising capital, including an at-the-market offering, and (ii) to an entity whose
primary business is investing in securities.

1 NTD: To be 1,000,000 multiplied by the final Exchange Ratio
as defined in the Business Combination Agreement.

4

Floor
Price means the lesser of (i) $5.00 (as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or
similar transaction occurring after the date of the Purchase Agreement) and (ii) the Conversion Price then in effect.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(f).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Inflection
Point Entities means, collectively, Inflection Point Asset Management LLC, Kingstown Capital Management L.P., Newtyn Management,
LLC, and their respective Affiliates (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the funds any of them manage).

Junior
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

New Issuance
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Option
Value means the value of an Option based on the Black and Scholes Option Pricing model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg determined as of (A) the Trading Day prior to the public announcement of the issuance of the applicable
Option, if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the
applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced, for pricing purpose and reflecting (i) a risk-free
interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining term of the applicable Option as of the
applicable date of determination, (ii) an expected volatility equal to the greater of
100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg as of (A) the Trading Day immediately following the public
announcement of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following
the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced, (iii) the underlying price per share used
in such calculation shall be the highest weighted average price of the Common Stock during the period beginning on the Trading Day prior
to the execution of definitive documentation relating to the issuance of the applicable Option and ending on (A) the Trading Day immediately
following the public announcement of such issuance, if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately
following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced, (iv) a zero cost of borrow and
(v) a 360 day annualization factor.

5

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers
of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred
Stock.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

PIK Dividend
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

Preferred
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Preferred
Stock Liquidation Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Preferred
Stock Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Purchase
Agreements means the several Securities Purchase Agreements, among the Corporation and the original Holders, as amended, modified
or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Redemption
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(i).

Redemption
Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(ii).

Redemption
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(i).

Redemption
Request shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(i).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Corporation and the original
Holders, in the form of Exhibit B attached to the Purchase Agreement.

6

Registration
Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering
the resale of the Underlying Shares by each Holder as provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement, including the Initial Registration
Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) and any additional Registration Statements which may be required thereunder.

Required
Holders shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
means the Preferred Stock, the Warrants and the Underlying Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Semi-Annual
Dividend Date shall mean June 1 and December 1 of each year.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Standard
Settlement Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(i).

Stated
Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Subscription
Date shall mean the date of the applicable Purchase Agreement.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Corporation as of the Closing Date and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary
of the Corporation formed or acquired after the earliest Subscription Date.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(f).

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

7

Transaction
Documents means this Certificate of Designation, the Purchase Agreement, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, all
exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Corporation, and any successor
transfer agent of the Corporation.

Underlying
Shares means the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding such date (or
the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB
or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common
Stock are then reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices),
the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding such
date, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in
good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Preferred Stock then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Corporation,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Corporation.

Warrant
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants in accordance with the terms
of the Warrants.

Warrants
means, collectively, the warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Section 2.Designation, Amount and Par Value.

(a)The series of preferred stock shall be designated as its 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (the
Preferred Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be up to [15,000,000] (which shall not be subject to
increase without the written consent of the holders of 50% of the then outstanding Preferred Stock (each, a Holder
and collectively, the Holders)). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share and a
stated value equal to $12.00 (the Stated Value).

8

(b)The
Corporation shall register, or cause its Transfer Agent to register, shares of the Preferred Stock upon records to be maintained by
the Corporation or its Transfer Agent for that purpose (the Preferred Stock Register), in the name of the
Holders thereof from time to time. The Corporation may deem and treat the registered Holder of shares of Preferred Stock as the
absolute owner thereof for the purpose of any conversion thereof and for all other purposes. The Corporation shall register, or
cause its Transfer Agent to register, the transfer of any shares of Preferred Stock in the Preferred Stock Register, upon surrender
of the certificates evidencing such shares to be transferred, duly endorsed by the Holder thereof, to the Corporation at its address
specified herein and after such Holder shall have provided to the Corporation such documentation and legal opinions, if any, as may
be reasonably requested by the Corporation (including any documentation required by the Transfer Agent with respect to such
transfer). Upon the registration of such transfer, a new certificate (to the extent such shares are certificated) evidencing the
shares of Preferred Stock so transferred shall be issued to the transferee and a new certificate evidencing the remaining portion of
the shares not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder, in each case, within three Business Days. The
Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of the Preferred Stock shall be uncertificated shares.
The Corporation shall not be required to register, or cause its Transfer Agent to register, or record any transfer of any shares of
the Preferred Stock that would violate, conflict with, or fail to be in compliance with federal or state securities laws.

Section 3.Dividends.

(a)From and after the Closing, subject to the terms of this Section 3, cumulative dividends shall accrue on the Accrued
Value of each share of Preferred Stock at the Annual Rate. Dividends on each share of Preferred Stock shall be cumulative and shall accrue
daily from and after the Closing, but shall compound on a semi-annual basis on each Semi-Annual Dividend Date (each, an Accrued
Dividend) whether or not earned or declared, and whether or not there are earnings or profits, surplus, or other funds or assets
of the Corporation legally available for the payment of dividends. Each Accrued Dividend shall be paid, at the election of the Corporation,
(i) in cash (a Cash Dividend), or (ii) in kind by increasing the Accrued Value of such share (a PIK Dividend).

(b)The
Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the
Corporation ranking junior to the Preferred Stock (other than dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock)
unless (in addition to the obtaining of any consents required in this Certificate of Designation or the Corporations
certificate of incorporation) the Holders of the Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a
dividend on each outstanding share of Preferred Stock in an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) the amount of the aggregate
Accrued Dividends then accrued on such share of Preferred Stock and not previously paid and (ii) (A) in the case of a dividend on
Common Stock or any class or series that is convertible into Common Stock, that dividend per share of Preferred Stock as would equal
the product of (1) the dividend payable on each share of such class or series determined, if applicable, as if all shares of such
class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a
share of Series A Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled to receive such
dividend or (B) in the case of a dividend on any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Preferred
Stock that is not convertible into Common Stock, at a rate per share of Preferred Stock determined by (1) dividing
the amount of the dividend payable on each share of such class or series of capital stock by the original issuance price of such class
or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization with respect to such class or series) and (2) multiplying such fraction by an amount equal to the Accrued Value; provided
that if the Corporation declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one class or series of capital
stock of the Corporation that is junior to the Preferred Stock, the dividend payable to the Holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 3 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the class or series of capital stock that would result in the highest
Preferred Stock dividend.

9

(c)Subject to Section 5 and Section 7, the Holders shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall
pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock (other than Accrued Dividends), on an as-converted basis, equal to and in the same form as
dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock.

Section 4.Voting Rights.

(a)The Holders shall be entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and, except as otherwise required by
law or as may be provided herein, shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class upon any matter submitted to
the stockholders for a vote.

(b)On any matter presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration at any meeting of the stockholders
of the Corporation (or by written consent in lieu of a meeting), a Holder, together with its Attribution Parties, shall be entitled to
the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock held by such Holder,
together with its Attribution Parties, as are convertible on the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter
(as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 6 hereof and subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), but without
regard as to whether sufficient shares of Common Stock are available out of the Corporations authorized by unissued stock, for
the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

(c)As long as the Inflection Point Entities hold 20% or more of the shares of Preferred Stock issued as of the closing of the Business
Combination, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote or action by written consent of the Holders of a majority of the
issued and outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock (the Required Holders):

(i)liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the affairs of the Corporation;

(ii)amend, alter or repeal the Corporations certificate of incorporation or bylaws, this Certificate of Designation or any similar
document of the Corporation in a manner that materially and adversely affects the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred
Stock;

10

(iii) create any equity security, authorize the creation of any equity security, classify any equity security, reclassify any equity
security, or issue any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security, unless such security ranks junior to the
Preferred Stock with respect to its rights, preferences and privileges or increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock;

(iv)except as set forth in Section 3, purchase or redeem or pay any cash dividend on any capital stock of the Corporation ranking junior
to the Preferred Stock prior to payment of such cash dividend on the Preferred Stock or purchase or redeem and capital stock of the Corporation
ranking junior to the Preferred Stock, other than capital stock repurchased at cost from former employees and consultants in connection
with the cessation of their service or pursuant to the terms of any equity incentive plan of the Corporation;

(v)enter into any transaction with an affiliate, other than the issuance of equity or awards to eligible participants under the Corporations
incentive plan, equity plan or equity-based compensation plan or with respect to employment, consulting or award agreements with respect
to executive officers of the Corporation, in each case regardless of whether such person (or such persons affiliates) would be
considered an affiliate of the Corporation; or

(vi)incur or guarantee any indebtedness other than equipment leases or trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business,
if the aggregate indebtedness of the Corporation and its subsidiaries for borrowed money following such action would exceed $5,000,000;
provided, however, that the Preferred Stock shall not be considered indebtedness for purposes of this calculation.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Section 6(d) may not be amended, modified or waived in any manner
that materially and adversely affects a Holder of Preferred Stock without such Holders consent.

Section 5.Ranking; Liquidation.

(a)The Preferred Stock shall rank senior to all of the Common Stock and any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation currently
existing, (collectively, Junior Securities), in each case, as to dividends or distributions of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntarily or involuntarily.

11

(b)Preferential Payments to Holders of Preferred Stock; Distribution of Remaining Assets.

(i)In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the Holders of shares of
Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders, and in the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event, the Holders of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be
entitled to be paid out of the consideration payable to stockholders in such Deemed Liquidation Event or out of the Available
Proceeds (as defined below), as applicable, before any payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock or other Junior
Securities by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the Accrued Value or
(ii) such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock
pursuant to Section 6 immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution, winding up or Deemed Liquidation Event based
on the then effective rate of conversion and without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations
on conversion set forth herein. If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation
Event, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the Holders of
shares of Preferred Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled under this Section 5(b), the Holders of shares
of Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective
amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or
with respect to such shares were paid in full.

(ii)In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after the payment in full
of all amounts required to be paid to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(b)(i), the remaining assets
of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders or, in the case of a Deemed Liquidation Event, the consideration not
payable to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) or the remaining Available Proceeds, as the case
may be, shall be distributed among the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock and Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares
held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such securities as if they had been converted to Common Stock pursuant to the
terms of this Certificate of Designation immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. The aggregate
amount which a holder of a share of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive under Sections 5(b)(i) and 5(b)(ii) is hereinafter
referred to as the Preferred Stock Liquidation Amount.

12

(c)Deemed Liquidation Events.

(i)In
the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event, if the Corporation does not effect a dissolution of the Corporation under the Delaware
General Corporation Law within ninety (90) days after such Deemed Liquidation Event, then (i) the Corporation shall send a written
notice to each Holder of Preferred Stock no later than the ninetieth (90th) day after the Deemed Liquidation Event
advising such Holders of their right (and the requirements to be met to secure such right) pursuant to the terms of the following
clause to require the redemption of such shares of Preferred Stock, and (ii) if the Required Holders so request in a written
instrument delivered to the Corporation not later than one hundred twenty (120) days after such Deemed Liquidation Event, the
Corporation shall use the consideration received by the Corporation for such Deemed Liquidation Event (net of any retained
liabilities associated with the assets sold or technology licensed, or any other expenses associated with the Deemed Liquidation
Event or the dissolution of the Corporation, in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation),
together with any other assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, all to the extent permitted by
Delaware law governing distributions to stockholders (the Available Proceeds), on the one hundred fiftieth
(150th) day after such Deemed Liquidation Event, to redeem all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock at a price per share
equal to the Preferred Stock Liquidation Amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a redemption pursuant to the
preceding sentence, if the Available Proceeds are not sufficient to redeem all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the
Corporation shall redeem a pro rata portion of each Holders shares of Preferred Stock to the fullest extent of such Available
Proceeds, based on the respective amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares to be redeemed if the Available
Proceeds were sufficient to redeem all such shares, and shall redeem the remaining shares as soon as it may lawfully do so under
Delaware law governing distributions to stockholders. The provisions of Section 8 shall apply, with such necessary
changes in the details thereof as are necessitated by the context, to the redemption of the Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section
5(c)(i). Prior to the distribution or redemption provided for in this Section 5(c)(i), the Corporation shall not expend
or dissipate the consideration received for such Deemed Liquidation Event, except to discharge expenses incurred in connection with
such Deemed Liquidation Event.

(ii)In any Deemed Liquidation Event, if Available Proceeds are in a form of property other than in cash, the value of such distribution
shall be deemed to be the fair market value of such property. The determination of fair market value of such property shall be made in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, provided that to the extent such property consists of securities, the fair market
value of such securities shall be determined as follows:

For securities not subject
to investment letters or other similar restrictions on free marketability covered by Section 5(c)(iii) below, the value shall be
the VWAP of such securities.

(iii)The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letters or other similar restrictions on free marketability (other
than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a stockholders status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall take into account
an appropriate discount (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) from the market value as determined
pursuant to Section 5(c)(ii) above so as to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof.

13

(iv)If
any portion of the consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation is payable only upon satisfaction of contingencies
(the Additional Consideration), (a) the portion of such consideration that is not Additional Consideration (such
portion, the Initial Consideration) shall be allocated in accordance with the foregoing Sections 5(b) or 5(c) as if
the Initial Consideration were the only consideration payable in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event; and (b) any
Additional Consideration which becomes payable to the stockholders of the Corporation upon satisfaction of such contingencies shall
be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 5(b) and 5(c) after taking into
account the previous payment of the Initial Consideration as part of the same transaction. For the purposes of this Section
5(c)(iv), consideration placed into escrow or retained as a holdback to be available for satisfaction of indemnification or similar
obligations in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event shall be deemed to be Additional Consideration.

Section 6.Conversion.

(a)Conversions at Option of Holder. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from
and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of whole shares of Common Stock (subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 6(d)) determined by dividing the Accrued Value of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion
Price. Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex
A (a Notice of Conversion), unless the Corporation does not serve as its transfer agent, in which event the
Notice of Conversion shall be delivered to the Corporations transfer agent. Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number
of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number
of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which
date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers by e-mail attachment or by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified
in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered
hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the
absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender
the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented
thereby are so converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly
following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms
hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued, and all rights (other than the right to receive the Conversion Shares) with respect
to such shares will terminate. The Corporations stock ledger and transfer book shall serve as the exclusive record of outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock.

(b)Conversion Price. The initial conversion price is $12.00, subject to adjustment herein (the Conversion Price).

14

(c)Mechanics of Conversion

(i)Delivery
of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as
defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to
be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock, which on or after the earlier of (i) the one year anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, shall be
free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement or any
other applicable lock-up agreement or similar agreement) and (B) cash in an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends, if
any. On or after the earlier of (i) the one year anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, the Corporation
shall deliver the Conversion Shares required to be delivered by the Corporation under this Section 6 electronically
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the
Corporations primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of
Conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Conversion delivered at or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on the Original Issue Date, the Corporation agrees to deliver the Conversion Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00
p.m. (New York City time) on the Original Issue Date.

(ii)Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered
to or as reasonably directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice
to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such conversion, in which event the Corporation
shall promptly return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly
return to the Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

15

(iii)Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon
conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or
inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment
against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any
breach or alleged breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged
violation of law by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such
obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however,
that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such
Holder. In the event a Holder shall elect to convert any or all of the Accrued Value of its Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not
refuse conversion based on any claim that such Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any
violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and/or
enjoining conversion of all or part of the Preferred Stock of such Holder shall have been sought and obtained, and the Corporation
posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount of 150% of the Accrued Value of Preferred Stock which is subject to
the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the
proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the
Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Corporation fails to
deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(c)(i) by 10th Trading Day after the Share
Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a
penalty, for each $5,000 of Accrued Value of Preferred Stock being converted, $25 per Trading Day (increasing to $50 per Trading Day
on the third Trading Day and increasing to $100 per Trading Day on the sixth Trading Day after such damages begin to accrue) for
each Trading Day after the 10th Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or
Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages for the
Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to
pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to
any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

(iv)Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the
Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason unrelated to the actions of the Holder or its Affiliates to deliver to a Holder the
applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6(c)(i), and if after such Share Delivery
Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders
brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion
Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a
Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available
to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage
commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that
such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order
giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (excluding any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such Holder,
either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted for
conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6(c)(i).
For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to
an attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including
any applicable brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000, under clause (A) of the
immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the
Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon the request of the
Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. If a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of
$9,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale
price of the Conversion Shares (including any applicable brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total
of $10,000, under clause (A) of the preceding sentence, the Corporation shall not be required to pay Holder any amount. For the
avoidance of doubt, in the event of a Buy-In, the Holder shall use commercially reasonable efforts to purchase shares at the lowest
available price, paying the lowest reasonably available brokerage commission. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written
notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including,
without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporations failure to
timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

16

(v)Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available
out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein
provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other Holders
of the Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon
the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (assuming for such purpose a Conversion Price equal to the Floor Price
and any such conversions are made without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein). The Corporation covenants that all
shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and,
if a Registration Statement is then effective under the Securities Act, shall be registered for public resale in accordance with such
Registration Statement (subject to such Holders compliance with its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement).

(vi)Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation shall
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by
the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, but consistent
with the provisions of this subsection with respect to fractional Conversion Shares, nothing shall prevent any Holder from
converting fractional shares of Preferred Stock.

(vii)Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Preferred Stock shall be made without
charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion
Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares
of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or
Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Corporation that such tax has been paid.

17

(d)Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. A Holder may notify the Corporation in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions
contained in this Section 6(d); however, no Holder shall be subject to this Section 6(d) unless he, she or it makes
such election. If the election is made, (i) the Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and such Holder
shall not have the right to convert all or any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the
conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any
Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of 4.9%, 9.9%, 19.9% of the Corporations Common Stock (or such other
amount as a Holder may specify) (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) and (ii) the Corporation shall not permit
the Holder to vote, and such Holder shall not have the right vote pursuant to Section 4(b) of this Certificate of
Designation, all or any portion of the Preferred Stock that such Holder is not permitted to convert pursuant to the preceding clause
(i) (provided, however, that such Holder shall retain the right to vote pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Certificate of
Designation to the extent that retaining such right does not cause such Holder to be deemed to beneficially own Conversion Shares
within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of
Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall
exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Accrued Value of
Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of
the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock or the Warrants) beneficially owned
by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(d),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of
whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and
Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and
the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Preferred
Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties)
and how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure
compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of
Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall
have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as
contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. The Holder shall provide the Corporation with any information reasonably requested by the Corporation in
connection with this Beneficial Ownership Limitation and the provisions related thereto, in each case with respect to the
Corporation's reporting obligations pursuant to the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state securities
regulations. For purposes of this Section 6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a
Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the
Corporations most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public
announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation
shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In
any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Corporation, a Holder may from
time to time increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation applicable to such Holder, provided, however, that any such
increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st)
day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a
manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 6(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion
hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall
apply to a successor Holder of Preferred Stock.

Section 7.Certain Adjustments.

(a)Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a
stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other
Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion
of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock or any cash distributions), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the
Corporation, then each of the Conversion Price and the Floor Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of
which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant
to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

(b)VWAP Reset. If on the twenty-first trading day following the date that is six months after the Closing Date, the VWAP (the
Measurement Price) is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the Conversion Price then in effect shall
be reduced to an amount equal to the greater of (i) the Measurement Price and (ii) $7.50.

18

(c)Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Closing Date until the first
date on which no shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding the Corporation issues or sells, or in accordance with this Section
7(c) is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock (including the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock owned
or held by or for the account of the Corporation, but excluding shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued
or sold by the Corporation in connection with any Exempt Issuance) for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price)
less than the lesser of (i) $10.00 and (ii) the Conversion Price then in effect (such price thresholds described in clauses (i) and (ii),
collectively, the Applicable Price, and each such issue, sale or deemed issuance or sale, a Dilutive Issuance),
in issuances and sales conducted for the purpose of raising capital by the Corporation where the aggregate amount of consideration received
by the Corporation, together with all prior issuances and sales conducted for the purpose of raising capital by the Corporation on or
after the Closing Date that were excluded from this Section 7(c) by this clause, exceeds $500,000, then, immediately after such
Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price. For all purposes
of the foregoing (including, without limitation, determining the adjusted Conversion Price and the New Issuance Price under this Section
7(c)), the following shall be applicable:

(i)Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share received by the Corporation for Common Stock deemed to
have been issued pursuant to Section 7(d)(ii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing:

a. the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of
such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments
relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options
for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, by

b. the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without
regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 7(c)(ii)
upon the issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities.

(ii)Deemed Issuance of Options and Convertible Securities.

a. If the Corporation at any time or from time to time shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities
or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible
Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to exercisability, convertibility or exchangeability but without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor,
the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued as of the time of
such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date.

19

b. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable
upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock increases or decreases at any time (other than (i) proportional changes in conversion
or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 7(a) above and (ii) automatic adjustments
to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions
of such Option or Convertible Security which are not more favorable to the holder thereof than the anti-dilution and similar provisions
set forth herein), the Conversion Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Conversion Price
which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased or decreased purchase
price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate (as the case may be) at the time initially granted, issued
or sold. For purposes of this Section 7(c), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security that was outstanding as of the
date of first issuance of a share of Preferred Stock are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding
sentence, then such Option or Convertible Security and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange
thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 7(c)(ii)
shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion Price then in effect.

(iii)Calculation of Consideration Received. In case any Option is issued in connection with the issue or sale of other securities
of the Corporation, together comprising one integrated transaction, (x) the Options will be deemed to have been issued for the Option
Value of such Options and (y) the other securities issued or sold in such integrated transaction shall be deemed to have been issued or
sold for the difference of (I) the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation less any consideration paid or payable by the Corporation
pursuant to the terms of such other securities of the Corporation, less (II) the Option Value. If any shares of Common Stock, Options
or Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration other than cash received
therefor will be deemed to be the net amount received by the Corporation therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Corporation will be
the fair value of such consideration, except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount
of consideration received by the Corporation will be the VWAP of such publicly traded securities on the date of receipt. If any shares
of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger
in which the Corporation is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion
of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities,
as the case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be determined jointly by the
Corporation and the Required Holders. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event
requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such consideration will be determined within five (5)
Business Days after the tenth (10th) day following the Valuation Event by an independent,
reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Corporation and the Required Holders. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and
binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Corporation.

20

(iv)Record Date. If the Corporation takes a record of the holders of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them
(A) to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe
for or purchase shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the
issuance or sale of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making
of such other distribution or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

(v)Expiration or Termination of Options or Convertible Securities. Upon the expiration or termination of any unexercised Option
or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Securities (or portion thereof) which resulted (either upon its original issuance or upon a
revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Section 7(c), the Conversion Price shall
be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible Securities (or portion thereof) never been
issued.

(d)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) or Section 7(b)
above, if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holders will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders
Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such
Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any
such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to
participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase
Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its
right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that the issue price of such
Purchase Rights would result in an adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to Section 7(c), such adjustment shall not occur to the
extent the Holders were granted the right to acquire such Purchase Rights on the applicable terms.

21

(e)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or makes any
dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way
of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
in each such case, the Holders shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holders would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Preferred Stock (without
regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before
the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of
shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever such grant, issuance or sale, as its right thereto would not
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(f)Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii) the Corporation
(and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any,
direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed
pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or
property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of
the common equity of the Corporation, (iv) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the
Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a stock
split, combination or reclassification of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 7(a)), or (v) the Corporation,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another
Person whereby such other Person acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power
of the common equity of the Corporation (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion
of this Preferred Stock, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon
such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d)
on the conversion of this Preferred Stock), the number of shares of capital stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of
the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock
for which this Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d)
on the conversion of this Preferred Stock). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate
Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a
Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any
conversion of this Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing
provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate of
Designation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions
and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause
any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation and the
other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(e)
pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders and approved by the Required
Holders (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder of this Preferred
Stock, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of
shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and
receivable upon conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Preferred Stock)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the Conversion Price hereunder to such shares of
capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and
the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and
which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Required Holders. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental
Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental
Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction Documents referring to the
Corporation shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation
and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation
and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein.

22

(g)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and
outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation)
issued and outstanding.

(h)Notice to the Holders.

(i)Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7,
the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment
and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii)Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever
form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock,
(C) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in
connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), or any compulsory
share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation
shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to
be delivered by email to each Holder at its email address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least twenty
(20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record
is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the
date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected
to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the
delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any
notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K, unless determined by the Company that such filing would be harmful to the Company at such time, in which case the
Company shall file such 8-K as soon as is reasonably practicable in its discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the
conversion rights of any Holder, each Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Accrued Value of this Preferred Stock (or any part hereof)
during the twenty (20)-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

23

Section 8.Redemption.

(a)Redemption by the Corporation. Subject to the provisions of this Section 8 and unless prohibited by applicable
law governing distributions to stockholders, the Corporation may, in its sole discretion, redeem all or a portion of the outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock:

(i)on or after the Closing but prior to the first anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per share equal to 150% of the
Accrued Value;

(ii)on or after the first anniversary of the Closing but prior to the second anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per
share equal to 140% of the Accrued Value;

(iii)on or after the second anniversary of the Closing but prior to the third anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per
share equal to 130% of the Accrued Value;

(iv)on or after the third anniversary of the Closing but prior to the fourth anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per
share equal to 120% of the Accrued Value;

(v)on or after the fourth anniversary of the Closing but prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per
share equal to 110% of the Accrued Value; and

(vi)on or after the fifth anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per share equal to 100% of the Accrued Value.

If, on the date of
such redemption, applicable law governing distributions to stockholders prevents the Corporation from redeeming all shares of Preferred
Stock scheduled to be redeemed, the Corporation shall be entitled to ratably redeem the maximum number of shares that it may redeem consistent
with such law and any Preferred Stock not so redeemed shall remain outstanding. The Corporation shall provide written notice (the Corporation
Notice) by e-mail and first class mail postage prepaid, to each Holder of record (determined at the close of business on the
Business Day next preceding the day on which the Corporation Notice is given) of the Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at the address last shown on the records of
the Corporation for such Holder, notifying such Holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying the number of shares to be redeemed
from such Holder, specifying the date of such redemption, the redemption price, the place at which payment may be obtained and calling
upon such Holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, his, her or its certificate or certificates
representing the shares to be redeemed; provided that the date of redemption shall be not less than 15 days from the date of the
Corporation Notice. Except as otherwise provided herein, on or after the applicable date of redemption, each Holder to be redeemed shall
surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing such shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the
Corporation Notice, and thereupon the price of redemption of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears
on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be cancelled. In the event less than all
the shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, each Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Accrued Value of its Preferred Stock (or any part thereof)
during the 15-day period commencing on the date of the Corporation Notice through the applicable date of redemption.

24

(b)Redemption by the Holders.

(i)Unless prohibited by applicable law governing distribution to stockholders, shares of Preferred Stock shall be redeemed by the
Corporation at a purchase price equal to the Accrued Value (the Redemption Price), if at any time and from time to
time after the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing, the Required Holders deliver to the Corporation a written notice demanding
redemption of all shares of Preferred Stock (the Redemption Request). The 20th day after the date of the Corporation
Notice shall be referred to as the Redemption Date. Upon receipt of a Redemption Request, the Corporation shall apply
all of its assets to any such redemption, and to no other corporate purpose, until the Redemption Price has been paid in full, except
to the extent prohibited by Delaware law governing distributions to stockholders.

(ii)Following receipt of a Redemption Request, the Corporation shall send written notice of the mandatory redemption (the Redemption
Notice) to each Holder of record of Preferred Stock not less than 15 days prior to the Redemption Date. The Redemption Notice
shall state:

a. the number of shares of Preferred Stock held by the Holder that the Corporation shall redeem on the Redemption Date;

b. the Redemption Date and the Redemption Price;

c. the date upon which the Holders right to convert such shares terminates; and

d. for Holders of shares in certificated form, that the Holder is to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, his, her or its certificate or certificates representing
the shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed.

If the Corporation
receives, on or prior to the 10th day after the date of delivery of the Redemption Notice to a Holder of Preferred Stock, written notice
from a Holder of greater than 10% of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock that such Holder elects to be excluded from the redemption
provided in this Section 8(b), then the shares of Preferred Stock registered on the books of the Corporation in the name of such
Holder at the time of the Corporations receipt of such notice shall thereafter be Excluded Shares. Excluded
Shares shall not be redeemed or redeemable pursuant to this Section 8(b), whether on such Redemption Date or thereafter.

25

(iii)On the Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem the Preferred Stock owned by each Holder; provided, however,
that Excluded Shares shall not be redeemed. If on the Redemption Date Delaware law governing distributions to stockholders prevents the
Corporation from redeeming all shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed, the Corporation shall ratably redeem the maximum number of shares
that it may redeem consistent with such law, and shall redeem the remaining shares as soon as it may lawfully do so under such law. In
the event that any portion of the Redemption Price has not been paid within five (5) Business Days following the Redemption Date, interest
on such unpaid portion of the Redemption Price shall accrue thereon until such amount is paid in full at a rate equal to the lesser of
(i) 24.0% per annum and (ii) the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Such interest shall be paid by the Corporation, in its sole
discretion, (i) in cash or (ii) subject to the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions at the time of payment, shares of Common Stock.

(c)Rights Subsequent to Redemption. Upon the redemption of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 8(a) or
Section 8(b), all rights with respect to such shares of Preferred Stock shall immediately terminate, except with respect to
the right of the Holders to receive the applicable redemption price with respect to such shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with
Section 8(a) or Section 8(b), as applicable.

Section 9.Miscellaneous.

(a)Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any
Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Corporation, at the address set forth above the address or email address most recently provided to Holders
by the Corporation for purposes of notice hereunder Attention: General Counsel, 100, W. Airport Road, Stillwater, OK 74075, e-mail
address legal@usare.com, or such other e-mail address or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the
Holders delivered in accordance with this Section 9. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be
provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail
address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number, e-mail address or address
appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any
notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

26

(b)Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designation shall alter or
impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable,
on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

(c)Lost or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall issue or cause to be issued, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated
certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred
Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate,
and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation (which shall not include the posting of any bond). The applicant
for a new certificate under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated
with the issuance of such replacement certificate.

(d)Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of
Designation shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. All legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Certificate of Designation (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, Delaware, County
of New Castle (the Delaware Courts). The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives,
and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware
Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service
shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Certificate of Designation or the transactions contemplated hereby. If the Corporation or any Holder shall commence an action
or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designation, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

27

(e)Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designation shall
not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate
of Designation or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term
of this Certificate of Designation on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder)
of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other
occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing.

(f)Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this
Certificate of Designation shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless
remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder
violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the
maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

(g)Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such
payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(h)Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation
and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(i)Status of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may only be issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of
authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Stock.

28

(j)Tax Withholding. The Corporation agrees that, provided that each Holder delivers
to the Corporation a properly executed IRS Form W-9 or other certification satisfactory to the Corporation certifying as to such Holders
status (or the status of such Holders beneficial owner(s)) as a United States person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30)
of the Code) and such Holders (or such beneficial owners) eligibility for complete exemption from backup withholding (U.S.
Person Certification), under current law the Corporation (including any paying agent of the Corporation) shall not be required
to, and shall not, withhold on any payments or deemed payments to any such Holder. In the event that any Holder fails to deliver
to the Corporation such properly executed U.S. Person Certification, the Corporation reasonably believes that a previously delivered U.S.
Person Certification is no longer accurate and/or valid, or there is a change in law that affects the withholding obligations of the Corporation,
the Corporation and its paying agent shall be entitled to withhold taxes on all payments made to the relevant Holder in the form of cash
or otherwise treated, in the Corporation's reasonable discretion, as a dividend for U.S. federal tax purposes or to request that the relevant
Holder promptly pay the Corporation in cash any amounts required to satisfy any withholding tax obligations, in each case, to the extent
the Corporation or its paying agent determines in good faith it is required to deduct and withhold tax on payments to the relevant Holder
under applicable law; provided, that the Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the relevant Holder of
any required withholding tax reasonably in advance of the date of the relevant payment. In
the event that the Corporation does not have sufficient cash with respect to any Holder from withholding on cash payments otherwise payable
to such Holder and cash paid to the Corporation by such Holder to the Corporation pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, the
Corporation and its paying agent shall be entitled to withhold taxes on deemed payments, including distributions of additional Preferred
Stock in lieu of cash and constructive distributions on the Preferred Stock to the extent required by law, and the Corporation and its
paying agent shall be entitled to satisfy any required withholding tax on non-cash payments (including deemed payments) through a sale
of a portion of the Preferred Stock received as a dividend or from cash dividends or sales proceeds subsequently paid or credited on the
Preferred Stock.

(k)Tax Treatment. Absent a change in law, Internal Revenue Service practice or a contrary determination (as defined in Section
1313(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the Code)), each holder of Preferred Stock and the Corporation
shall not treat the Preferred Stock (based on their terms as set forth in this Certificate of Designation) as preferred stock
within the meaning of Section 305 of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.305-5 for United States federal income tax and withholding
tax purposes and shall not take any position inconsistent with such treatment.

*********************

29

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate of Designation is
executed on behalf of the Corporation by its Chief Executive Officer this [] day of [].

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES OF 12.0% SERIES A CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK)

The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number
of shares of 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock),
indicated below into shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of USA Rare Earth, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares
of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable
with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as may be required by the Corporation in accordance with
the Purchase Agreement. No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such transfer taxes.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Accrued Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion: 

Address for Delivery: 

or

DWAC Instructions:

Broker no: 

Account no: 

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Annex
A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250307.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250307_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250307_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250307_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 07, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41711

Entity Registrant Name INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

Entity Central Index Key 0001970622

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10016

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 476-6908

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol IPXXU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol IPXX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol IPXXW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://inflectionpointacquisition.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0233632-8k425_inflect2.htm 
ipxx-20250307.xsd 
ipxx-20250307_def.xml 
ipxx-20250307_lab.xml 
ipxx-20250307_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-021758-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0233632-8k425_inflect2_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001970622 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

0001970622 

IPXX:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

0001970622 

IPXX:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

0001970622 

IPXX:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001970622 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-03-07 
INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
E9 
001-41711 
167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017 
New York 
NY 
10016 
212 
476-6908 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
IPXXU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
IPXX 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
IPXXW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>