<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-050925.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-050925.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310163018
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-050925
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000788784
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				222625848
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09120
		FILM NUMBER:		25724185

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CORPORATE ACCOUNTING SERVICES
		STREET 2:		80 PARK PLAZA, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102-4194
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-430-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CORPORATE ACCOUNTING SERVICES
		STREET 2:		80 PARK PLAZA, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102-4194
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d919591d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCfalse000078878400007887842025-03-062025-03-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 6, 2025

Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New Jersey 001-09120 22-2625848

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

80 Park Plaza

Newark, New Jersey07102

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

973430-7000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange

On Which Registered 

Common Stock without par value PEG New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Item 8.01 Other Events 

On March 10, 2025, Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (PSEG) completed a public offering of $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.900% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes). The Notes were offered and sold by PSEG pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275509) (the Registration Statement) and the related Prospectus dated November 13, 2023 and Prospectus Supplement dated March 6, 2025. The Notes were issued pursuant to an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement), dated March 6, 2025, between PSEG and Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters). Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions expressed therein, PSEG agreed to sell the Notes to the Underwriters, and the Underwriters agreed to purchase the Notes for resale to the public. The Underwriting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 1 hereto. Each series of Notes is governed by an indenture, dated as of November 1, 1998 (the Indenture), between PSEG and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee. The Indenture and the forms of 2030 Note and 2035 Note are filed as Exhibits 4-1,4-2 and 4-3 hereto, respectively. The Underwriting Agreement, Indenture and the form of each series of Notes are incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. 

In connection with the offering of the Notes, PSEG is filing herewith as Exhibit 5 an opinion of John C. Walmsley, Associate Counsel of PSEG Services Corporation, addressing the legality of the Notes. Such opinion is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

Exhibit 1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, between PSEG and Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 

Exhibit 4-1 Indenture dated as of November 1, 1998 between PSEG and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to First Union National Bank), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(f) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998, File No. 001-09120).

Exhibit 4-2 Form of 2030 Note. 

Exhibit 4-3 Form of 2035 Note. 

Exhibit 5 Opinion of John C. Walmsley, Associate Counsel of PSEG Services Corporation, addressing the legality of the Notes. 

Exhibit 23 Consent of John C. Walmsley, Associate Counsel of PSEG Services Corporation (included in Exhibit 5). 

Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof. 

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ Rose M. Chernick

ROSE M. CHERNICK

Vice President and Controller

(Principal Accounting Officer)

Date: March 10, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d919591dex1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1
<TEXT>
EX-1

Exhibit 1 

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED 

(a New Jersey corporation) 

$600,000,000 4.900% Senior Notes due 2030 

$400,000,000 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

March 6, 2025 

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. 

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC 

c/o 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New
York 10019 

As Representatives of the several Underwriters 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Public
Service Enterprise Group Incorporated, a New Jersey corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule 1 hereto (the Underwriters, which term shall include
any underwriter substituted as hereinafter provided in Section 10), acting severally and not jointly, the respective principal amounts set forth in such Schedule 1 of (i) $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys
4.900% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030Notes) and (ii) $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the
Securities). Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC have agreed to act as representatives of the several Underwriters (in such capacity, the
Representatives) in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities. 

The Securities will be
issued pursuant to the provisions of an Indenture dated as of November 1, 1998, as amended and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 10, 2002, and the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
July 27, 2005 (collectively, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor trustee to First Union National Bank), as trustee (the
Trustee). 

The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) a registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-275509), which contains a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), to be
used in connection with the public offering and sale of certain securities by the Company, including the Securities, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), and the offering thereof from time to time in
accordance with Rule 415 of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the 1933 Act Regulations). Such registration statement, including the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, in the form in
which it became effective under the 1933 Act, including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 430B), is called the
Registration Statement. The term Prospectus shall mean the final prospectus supplement relating to the Securities, together with the Base Prospectus, that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the 1933
Act Regulations (Rule 424(b)) after the date and time that this Agreement is executed (the Execution Time) by the parties hereto. The term preliminary prospectus shall mean any preliminary
prospectus supplement relating to the Securities, together with the Base Prospectus, that is first filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus
shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act prior to the Applicable Time (as
defined below). For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the
Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR). 

All
references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included or stated (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, any preliminary
prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed by
the 1933 Act Regulations to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, as the case may be, on or before the effective date of the Registration
Statement or the date of such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus or such amendment or supplement, as the case may be; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus
or the Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed by
the 1933 Act Regulations to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement, such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at the time of such amendment or supplement. 

SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties. 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter, as of the date
hereof, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a Representation Date), as follows: 

(1) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Company meets the requirements for use of
Form S-3 under the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement became effective upon filing with the Commission under Rule 462(e) of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 462(e)) on November 13,
2023 and any post-effective amendment thereto also became effective upon filing under Rule 462(e). No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending the use of any prospectus has been issued under
the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the 1933 Act against the Company or related to the offering of the Securities have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are
contemplated by the Commission, any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with, and no notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations has been received by the Company. In addition, the Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the 1939 Act). 

2 

At the respective times the Registration Statement and any
post-effective amendments thereto became effective and as of each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied, complies and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the
1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the 1939 Act Regulations), and did not, does not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to the Underwriter Information (as defined below). 

The Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, if any, at the time the Prospectus or any such
amendment or supplement is issued and at the Closing Time, complied, complies and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, and neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement
thereto included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; provided, that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to the Underwriter Information. 

Each preliminary prospectus and any amendment thereto complied when so filed in all material respects with the
1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered or made available to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Securities was and will be, at the time of such delivery,
identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

As of the Applicable Time, neither (x) the General Disclosure Package (as defined below) nor (y) any
individual Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below), when considered together with the General Disclosure Package, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to the Underwriter Information. 

As used in this subsection and elsewhere in this Agreement: 

3 

Applicable Time means 3:15 P.M. (New York
City time) on March 6, 2025 or such other time as agreed by the Company and the Representatives. 

General Disclosure Package means (i) the Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus(es) (as defined below) relating to the Securities issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, including the Final Term Sheet (as defined below) attached as Schedule 3 hereto, and (ii) the most recent preliminary prospectus
(including any documents incorporated therein by reference) that is distributed to investors prior to the Applicable Time, all considered together. 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as
defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 433), relating to the Securities that (i) is required to be filed with the Commission, (ii) is a road show that is a written communication within the
meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission or (iii) is exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Securities or of the offering thereof that does not
reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g). 

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is
intended for general distribution to prospective investors, as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-A hereto. 

Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is
not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus and that is specified in Schedule 2-B hereto. 

Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion
of the offering and sale of the Securities under this Agreement or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies you as described in Section 3(e), did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts
or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus. The Company has complied with the requirements of Rule 164 and Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations with respect to each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.

(2) Status as a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. Since the time of initial filing of the
Registration Statement, the Company has been, and continues to be, a well known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 405). 

(3) Status as Non-Ineligible Issuer. At the earliest
time that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations) of the Securities and at each Representation Date, the Company was not and is not an
ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405. 

(4) Incorporated Documents. The
documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all
material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the 1934 Act Regulations) and, when read together with the other information in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, (a) at the time the Registration Statement originally became effective and (b) at each Representation Date, did not, does not and will not include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

4 

(5) Independent Accountants. The accountants
who certified the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus are independent public accountants as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act
Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 

(6) Financial
Statements. The financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial
statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included or incorporated by reference therein, present fairly the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates
indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved. Except as otherwise included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither pro forma financial statements of the Company nor the financial statements of any entity other than the Company are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act or the 1934 Act Regulations. The supporting schedules, if any, included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, if any, regarding non-GAAP financial
measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply with Regulation G under the 1934 Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the 1933 Act Regulations, to the extent
applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all
material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

5 

(7) No Material Adverse Change in Business.
The Company has not sustained since the date of the latest audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus any material loss from fire, explosion,
flood, accident or other calamity not fully covered by insurance, otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. Since the respective dates as of which information is
given in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein, (A) there has been no material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective material adverse change, in the
general affairs, financial condition, earnings or business affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries (each such subsidiary, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries), considered as one enterprise,
whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Change); (B) there have been no transactions entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than those arising in the ordinary course of
business, which are material with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise; (C) other than, in the case of the Company, regular dividends on the Companys common stock or preferred stock, in amounts per
share that are consistent with past practice or the applicable charter document or supplement thereto, respectively, or, in the case of any of the Companys Subsidiaries, to the Company, there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind
declared, paid or made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on any class of its capital stock; and (D) there has not been any material change in the capital stock (other than upon exercise of outstanding stock options, upon conversion of
convertible securities outstanding as of the date of the most recent balance sheet incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or pursuant to the Companys employee or director
compensation and benefit plans or the Companys dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan) or long-term debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise. 

(8) Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated, is validly existing as
a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has the requisite power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the
failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(9) Good Standing of Significant Subsidiaries. Each Subsidiary of the Company which is a
significant subsidiary, as defined in Rule 405 (each, a Significant Subsidiary), has been duly incorporated or organized, is validly existing as a corporation or limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, has the requisite power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly
qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in
good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the issued shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each Significant Subsidiary have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned directly by the Company or a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, as the case may be, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims. None of the outstanding
shares of capital stock or other equity interests of any Significant Subsidiary were issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any security holder of such Significant Subsidiary. 

6 

(10) Capitalization. The authorized, issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are as set forth in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or, if applicable, subsequent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options, in each case which are referred
to in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Company and are fully paid and
non-assessable and none of such shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any security holder of the Company. 

(11) Authorization of this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and
delivered by the Company. 

(12) Authorization of Securities. The Securities have been duly
authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement. At the Closing Time, the Securities will have been duly executed by the Company and, when authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered against
payment of the requisite consideration therefor, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of
whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any debt securities payable in a foreign or composite currency (or a
foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of
payments outside the United States. Each series of Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof will be entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture. 

(13) Authorization of the Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and
delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including,
without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any debt securities issued or issuable under the Indenture that are payable in a foreign or
composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or
prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. 

7 

(14) Descriptions of the Securities and the
Indenture. The Indenture conforms, and, upon issuance, the Securities will conform, in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will
be substantially in the forms filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. 

(15) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
violation of its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other organizational documents or in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any
contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the
assets, properties or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject (collectively, Agreements and Instruments), except for such defaults that would not result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement, the Indenture, the Securities and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including the issuance and
sale of the Securities and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described therein) and compliance by the Company with its obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do
not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge
or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments, nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or
court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their assets, properties or operations. As used herein, a Repayment Event means any event or condition which gives the holder of
any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. 

(16) Absence of Labor Dispute. Other than as set forth in or contemplated by
the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent, and the Company does not have
actual knowledge of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of its or any Subsidiarys principal suppliers, manufacturers, customers or contractors, which, in either case, may reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Change. 

8 

(17) Absence of Proceedings. Other than as set
forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or
foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
(other than as stated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), or which might reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or which might reasonably be expected to materially and adversely
affect the consolidated assets, properties or operations thereof or the consummation of the transactions contemplated under the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, this Agreement, the Securities or the
Indenture, or the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The aggregate of all pending legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their respective
assets, properties or operations is the subject which are not described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(18) Accuracy of Exhibits. There are no
contracts or documents which are required under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act or the 1934 Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents
incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto which have not been so described or filed as required. 

(19) Absence of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent,
license, order, registration, qualification or decree of, any court or governmental authority or agency, domestic or foreign, is necessary or required for the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the Indenture,
the Securities or for the performance by the Company of the transactions contemplated under the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, this Agreement, the Securities or the Indenture, except the registration of the
Securities under the 1933 Act, the qualification of the Indenture under the 1939 Act and such consents, approvals, registrations or qualifications as may be required under state securities or Blue Sky laws in connection with the issuance and sale of
the Securities and except such as have been already made, obtained or rendered, as applicable. 

(20) Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries possess such permits,
licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Licenses) issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated
by them, except where the failure so to possess such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such
Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such
Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the
revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would result in a Material Adverse Change. 

9 

(21) Title to Property. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries and good title to all other properties owned by them, in each case, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests,
claims, restrictions or encumbrances of any kind, except (A) as otherwise stated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or (B) those which do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the
value of the properties owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise and do not interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such properties. All of the leases and subleases material to the
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or
such Subsidiary of the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease. 

(22) Insurance. The Company and its Subsidiaries have in full force and effect insurance with
insurers believed to be reputable by the Company, covering their assets, properties, operations, personnel and business against such losses, damage, risks and hazards as are adequate in accordance with customary industry practice to protect the
Company and its Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise. 

(23) Commodity Exchange Act. The
Securities will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the Commodity Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the
Commodity Exchange Act (the Commodity Exchange Act Regulations). 

(24) 
Investment Company Act. The Company is not, or upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus will not be, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). 

10 

(25) Environmental Laws. Except as otherwise
stated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or except as would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change, (A) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation
of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or
judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and
regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (B) the Company and its Subsidiaries have all permits, authorizations and
approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements, (C) there are no pending or threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens,
notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (D) there are no events or circumstances known to the Company that might reasonably be
expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws. 

(26) Patriot Act.
The Company will apply the net proceeds received from the offering and sale of the Securities as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of such net
proceeds will be used to further any action in violation or contravention of the U.S.A. Patriot Act or otherwise violate or contravene the rules, regulations or policies of the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

(27) Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization;
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting
Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the
Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been
(A) no material weakness in any such partys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (B) no change in any such partys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, such internal control over financial reporting. 

11 

(28) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The
Company employs disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial
officer or officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

(29) 
Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in
all material respects with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. 

(30) Pending Proceedings and Examinations. The Registration Statement is not the subject of a
pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, and the Company is not the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities. 

(31) Cybersecurity. (i) Except as may be included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (x) to the knowledge of the Company, there has been no material security breach or other material compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or its
Subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them),
equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and its Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in,
any material security breach or other material compromise to their IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of
any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, in the case of this clause (ii), individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; and (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented backup and
disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices. 

12 

(32) No Unlawful Contributions or Other
Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or
indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or
any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of
value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA, and the Company, its Subsidiaries and, to
the knowledge of the Company, its affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued
compliance therewith. 

(33) No Conflict with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering
statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(34) OFAC. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is currently the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the
U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State. 

(b) Officers Certificates. Any
certificate signed by any officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and delivered to any Underwriter or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the
Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate. 

SECTION 2. Sale
and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing. 

(a) The Securities. On the basis of the representations,
warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to sell to each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, and each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to
purchase from the Company the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each series set forth opposite the names of the Underwriters on Schedule 1 at a purchase price of 99.263% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes, plus
accrued interest thereon, if any, from March 10, 2025 to the Closing Time and 99.334% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2035 Notes, plus accrued interest thereon, if any, from March 10, 2025 to the Closing Time, respectively. The
Securities of each series and the offering thereof will have the terms specified in the Final Term Sheet referred to in Section 3(b). 

13 

(b) Payment. The Company will deliver against payment of the
respective purchase prices set forth in Section 2(a) each series of Securities in the form of permanent global securities (the Global Securities) deposited with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company
(DTC) and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC. Interests in any permanent Global Securities will be held only in book-entry form through DTC, except in the limited circumstances described in the
General Disclosure Package. Payment for the Securities shall be made by the Underwriters in immediately available funds by wire transfer to an account specified by the Company drawn to the order of the Company at the office of the Company, 80 Park
Plaza, Newark, New Jersey 07102, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (New York City time) on March 10, 2025, or such other time and date as the Representatives and the Company shall
mutually agree (the time and date of such closing are called (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof) the Closing Time), against delivery to the Trustee as custodian for DTC of the Global
Securities representing all of the Securities. 

It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representatives,
for their accounts, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the respective purchase prices for, the Securities which it has severally agreed to purchase. Each Representative, individually and not as representative of the
Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the respective purchase prices for the Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such
Underwriter from its obligations hereunder. 

(c) Denominations; Registration. The Securities shall be in
such denominations and registered in such names as the Representatives may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. The Securities will be made available for examination by the Representatives in The City of New
York not later than 9:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time. 

SECTION 3. 
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants with each Underwriter as follows: 

(a) Compliance with
Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. The Company, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B and, during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below), will notify the Representatives promptly,
and confirm the notice in writing, (i) of the effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or of a new registration statement relating to the Securities or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the
Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of a new registration statement or any
amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus or any document incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or for additional information, (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or such new registration statement, or notice objecting to its use pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations, or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any
preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination
pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Securities. The Company
will promptly effect the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424(b), in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether
the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, the Company will promptly file the Prospectus. The Company will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance
of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, promptly to use its best efforts to obtain its withdrawal. The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the offering of the Securities within the time required by and
in accordance with Rule 456(b)(1) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations. 

14 

(b) Filing of Amendments and 1934 Act Documents; Preparation of
Final Term Sheet. During such period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending on the later of the Closing Time or such date as, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be delivered
in connection with sales of the Securities by an Underwriter or dealer, including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 of the 1933 Act Regulations (the Prospectus Delivery Period), the
Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or a new registration statement relating to the Securities or any amendment, supplement or revision to any preliminary
prospectus or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be,
and will not file or use any such document of which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably disapprove. The Company has given the Representatives notice of any filings made pursuant to the 1934 Act or the 1934 Act
Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time; the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time to the Closing Time and will furnish the Representatives with copies of any
such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall object. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the
Final Term Sheet) reflecting the final terms of the Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters and attached as Schedule 3 hereto, and will file such Final Term Sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d)
within the time required by such rule. The Final Term Sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. 

(c) Delivery of Registration Statement. The Company has furnished or will deliver to the Representatives and
counsel for the Underwriters, in such quantities as the Representatives may reasonably request, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and any amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or
incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed to be a part thereof) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the
Representatives, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and any amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and any amendment thereto furnished to the
Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

15 

(d) Delivery of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to each
Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the
1933 Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may reasonably request. Each preliminary
prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by
Regulation S-T.

(e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The
Company will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act so as to permit the completion of the distribution of
the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result
of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that such General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the
case may be, will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the Applicable Time or at the time it is delivered
or conveyed to a purchaser, not misleading, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement, to file a new registration statement or to amend or supplement the General Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company will: (i) promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Sections 3(b) and 3(k), such amendment or supplement
or new registration statement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements; (ii) use their best efforts to have
such amendment or new registration statement (if it is not an automatic shelf registration statement) declared effective as soon as practicable; and (iii) furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or
supplement or new registration statement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. If, prior to the completion of the public offer and sale of the Securities, at any time following the issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred
or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information then contained in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus or included or
would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the
Company will promptly (i) notify the Representatives and (ii) either (1) amend or supplement such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission or (2) file a report with the
Commission under the 1934 Act that corrects such untrue statement or omission and notify the Representatives in writing that such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall no longer be used. 

16 

(f) Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company will use its best
efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representatives may designate and to maintain
such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a
foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in
which the Securities have been so qualified, the Company will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of this
Agreement. 

(g) Earnings Statement. The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as
are necessary in order to make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act;
provided, that the Company will be deemed to have furnished such statement to its security holders to the extent it is filed on EDGAR. 

(h) Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities in the
manner specified in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under Use of Proceeds. 

(i) Restriction on Sale of Securities. Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Time, the Company will
not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, the Securities. 

(j) Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, will file all documents required
to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations. 

(k) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior
consent of the Representatives, and each Underwriter represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Representatives and the prior consent of the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Securities
that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the Commission; provided,
however, that the Underwriters are authorized to use any free writing prospectus that contains substantially only information specified in the Final Term Sheet. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Company and the
Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing
prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to each and every Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and
record keeping. 

17 

(l) Renewal of Registration Statement. If, immediately prior
to the third anniversary of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement (the Renewal Date), any of the Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company will, prior to the Renewal Date and subject to
Section 3(b), file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Securities. If no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company will,
prior to the Renewal Date and subject to Section 3(b), if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Securities and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to be
declared effective within 180 days after the Renewal Date, and will take all other reasonable actions necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement
relating to the Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or shelf registration statement, as the case may be. 

(m) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form. If, at any time during the
Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will
(i) promptly notify the Representatives, (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Securities, in a form satisfactory to the
Representatives, (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such
effectiveness. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice
or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. 

SECTION 4. Payment of Expenses. (a) Expenses. The Company will pay all expenses incident to
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) and any amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation,
printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Agreement, the Indenture and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and
delivery of the Securities to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of counsel to the
Company, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustee and its counsel, (v) the qualification of the Securities under state securities laws in
accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery of the
Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters of copies of the Registration Statement, each preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or
supplements thereto, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Securities, (viii) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the
Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) of the terms of the sale of the Securities, (ix) all fees and expenses in connection with making the Securities
eligible for clearance, settlement and trading through the facilities of DTC, and (x) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this
Section. It is understood, however, that except as provided in this Section, Section 5(j), Section 6, Section 7 and Section 9(b), the Underwriters will pay all of their costs and expenses, including fees and disbursements of
their counsel, transfer taxes payable on resale of any of the Securities by them and any advertising expenses connected with any offers they may make. 

18 

(b) Termination of Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated
by the Representatives in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 hereof, the Company shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out of pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.

SECTION 5. Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase
and pay for the Securities pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 1 hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions: 

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. At Closing Time, (i) the Registration Statement shall have
been filed by the Company with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof and shall have become effective upon filing in accordance with Rule 462(e), and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the 1933 Act against the Company or related to the offering of the Securities shall have been instituted or be pending or
threatened by the Commission, any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel for the Underwriters, and no notice of objection of the Commission to the use
of such form of registration statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations shall have been received by the Company, (ii) each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been
filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) (or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed and become effective in accordance with the
requirements of Rule 430B) and (iii) the Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such
filings under such Rule 433. 

(b) Opinion of Counsel for Company. At Closing Time, the Representatives shall
have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of either Grace H. Park, Esquire, Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, or John C. Walmsley, Esquire, Associate Counsel of PSEG Services Corporation, in form and
substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in Exhibit A hereto and to such further effect as counsel to the
Underwriters may reasonably request. 

19 

(c) Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters. At Closing Time, the
Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters, in
form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, upon the opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of either Grace H. Park, Esquire,
Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, or John C. Walmsley, Esquire, Associate Counsel of PSEG Services Corporation, and as to all matters governed by the laws of other jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York
and the federal law of the United States, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representatives. Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon
certificates of officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries and certificates of public officials. 

(d) 
Officers Certificate. At Closing Time, there shall not have been, since the date of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus, any Material Adverse Change, and the Representatives shall have received a certificate of the Chairman, the President or any Vice President or Treasurer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has been
no such Material Adverse Change, (ii) the representations and warranties in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with
all agreements contained in this Agreement and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued
and no proceedings for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the 1933 Act against the Company or relating to the offering have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officers knowledge, are threatened by the Commission.

(e) Accountants Comfort Letter. At the Execution Time, the Representatives shall have received from
Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter, dated as of the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, together with signed or
reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters, with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(f) Bring-down Comfort Letter. At Closing Time, the Representatives
shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter, dated as of Closing Time addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, together
with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section 5, except that the specified date
referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time. 

20 

(g) Ratings. At Closing Time, the Securities shall have the
ratings accorded by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act, as specified in the Final Term Sheet, and the Company shall have delivered to the Representatives a
letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representatives, confirming that the Securities have such ratings. Since the Execution Time, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in, or
withdrawal of, the rating assigned to the Securities or any of the Companys other securities by any such rating organization, and no such rating organization shall have publicly announced or given notice of any intended or potential decrease
in or withdrawal of any such rating or of a possible change in any such rating that does not indicate the direction of the possible change. 

(h) No Objection. If the Registration Statement or the offering of the Securities has been filed with FINRA for
review, FINRA shall not have raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and arrangements. 

(i) Additional Documents. At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such
documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the
fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives and
counsel for the Underwriters. 

(j) Termination. If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not
have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to
any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7, 8, 13 and 15 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

SECTION 6. Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification of Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter and their
respective partners, directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter (collectively, Underwriter Indemnified Parties) within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934
Act as follows: 

(i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as
incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus
(or any amendment or supplement thereto) or in any issuer information (as defined in Rule 433) of the Company that is filed or required to be filed under Rule 433(d) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

21 

(ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim,
damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based
upon any such untrue statement or omission referred to in subsection (i) above or any alleged untrue statement or omission, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company; and 

(iii) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred, reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue
statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above; 

provided, however,
that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or
any amendment or supplement thereto) or made in reliance upon the Trustees Statement of Eligibility filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Company and the Underwriters hereby acknowledge and agree that the only written
information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or
any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the (x) first, second and third sentences of the third paragraph, (y) second sentence of the fifth paragraph and (z) first, second, third, fourth and sixth sentences
of the sixth paragraph, in each case under the caption Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) in the Prospectus (collectively, the Underwriter Information). 

(b) In no case shall the Company be liable under the indemnity agreement set forth in Section 6(a) hereof
with respect to any claim made against any Underwriter Indemnified Party unless such party shall be notified in writing of the nature of the claim promptly after the assertion thereof, but failure to so notify such party shall not relieve it from
any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of said indemnity agreement. The Company shall be entitled to participate at its own expense in the defense, or, if the Company so elects, within a reasonable time after receipt of such
notice, to assume the defense of any suit brought to enforce any such claim, but if they so elect to assume the defense, such defense shall be conducted by counsel chosen by the Company and approved by the Underwriter Indemnified Parties who are
party to such suit, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. In the event that the Company elects to assume the defense of any such suit and retain such counsel, the Underwriter Indemnified Parties who are party to such suit shall bear the
fees and expenses of any additional counsel thereafter retained by them. In the event that the parties to any such action (including impleaded parties) include the Company and one or more Underwriters and any such Underwriter shall have been advised
by counsel chosen by it and satisfactory to the Company, as the case may be, that there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the Company, the Company shall not have the right
to assume the defense of such action on behalf of such Underwriter and the Company will reimburse, without duplication, such Underwriter Indemnified Parties as aforesaid for the reasonable fees and expenses of any counsel retained by them, it being
understood that 

22 

the Company shall not, in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be
liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys for all such Underwriter Indemnified Parties, which firm shall be designated by the Representatives in writing. The Company agrees to notify the Representatives
promptly after the assertion of any claim against it, any of its directors, any of its officers who signed the Registration Statement, or any person who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of
the 1934 Act, in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities. 

(c) Indemnification of the Company,
Directors and Officers. The Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but
only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any
amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any person so indemnified based on the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto)
or such preliminary prospectus, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties
given to the Company, and the Company and each person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the Underwriters by the provisions of Section 6(b) hereof. 

(d) The indemnity agreements contained in this Section 6 shall remain operative and in full force and
effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or any Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and shall survive the delivery of the Securities to the Underwriters. 

(e) Settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties,
settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification
or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional
release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any
indemnified party. 

SECTION 7. Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in
circumstances in which the indemnity agreement provided for in Section 6 is for any reason held to be unenforceable by the indemnified parties although applicable in accordance with its terms, the Company and the Underwriters shall contribute
to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated by said indemnity agreements incurred by the Company and the Underwriters, in such proportions that the Underwriters are responsible for that portion
represented by the percentage that the total underwriting discounts appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus relating to the Securities bears to the respective aggregate initial public offering prices appearing thereon and the Company is
responsible for the balance; provided, however, that (i) no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total discount or commission received by such Underwriter in connection with
the offering of the Securities exceeds the amount of any damages 

23 

which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any applicable untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission and (ii) no person guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section, each Underwriter
Indemnified Party shall have the same rights to contribution as the Underwriters, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. The Underwriters respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in
proportion to their respective underwriting obligations, and not joint. 

SECTION 8. Representations, Warranties
and Agreements to Survive Delivery. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative
and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Securities. 

In all dealings hereunder, the Representatives shall act on behalf of each of the Underwriters, and the parties hereto shall be entitled to
act and rely upon any statement, request, notice or agreement on behalf of any Underwriter made or given by the Representatives or by the Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters. 

SECTION 9. Termination. 

(a) The Representatives may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to the
Closing Time, (i) if there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any Material
Adverse Change, or (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a
prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Underwriters, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Securities or to
enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities, or (iii) if trading in any securities of the Company has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the NYSE MKT or the New
York Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq Stock Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by any of said exchanges or by such system or by
order of the Commission, FINRA or any other governmental authority, or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or settlement or clearance services in the United States, or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by
either federal or New York authorities or (v) if the rating accorded the Securities or any debt securities or other security of the Company by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization shall have been decreased or withdrawn or
any such rating organization has publicly announced or given notice of any intended or potential decrease in or withdrawal of any such rating or of a possible change in any such rating that does not indicate the direction of the possible change.

24 

(b) Liabilities. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7, 8, 13 and 15 shall survive such termination and remain in full
force and effect. 

SECTION 10. Default by One or More of the Underwriters. If one or more of the Underwriters shall
fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Securities of either series which it or they are obligated to purchase hereunder (the unpurchased securities of such series, the Defaulted Securities), then the Representatives shall have
the right, within 36 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in
such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representatives shall not have completed such arrangements within such 36-hour period, then: 

(a) 

if the aggregate principal amount of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal
amount of Securities of such series to be purchased on such date, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that
their respective underwriting obligations under this Agreement bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters; or 

(b) 

if the aggregate principal amount of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of
Securities of such series to be purchased on such date, this Agreement shall terminate with respect to the Securities of such series without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.

No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from
liability in respect of its default. 

In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of this
Agreement, either the Representatives, on the one hand, or the Company, on the other, shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements. 

SECTION 11. No Advisory or
Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the respective public offering prices of the Securities and any related
discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction among the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, (b) in connection with the offering contemplated by
this Agreement and the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (c) no
Underwriter has assumed or will 

25 

assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter
has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement,
(d) the Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and (e) no Underwriter has provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax
advice with respect to the offering contemplated by this Agreement and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

SECTION 12. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives c/o: Barclays Capital Inc. at 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, Attention: Syndicate
Registration (Fax: 646-834-8133); Citigroup Global Markets Inc., 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, Attention: General Counsel, fax: (646) 291-1469; Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282, Attention: Registration Department, Facsimile No.: (212) 902-9316; RBC Capital Markets,
LLC, Brookfield Place, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10281, Attention: DCM Transaction Management/Scott Primrose, Telephone: (212) 618-7706, Email: TMGUS@rbccm.com and notices to the
Company shall be directed to it at 80 Park Plaza, P.O. Box 1171, Newark, New Jersey 07101, attention of Grace H. Park, Esq. 

SECTION 13. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(i) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a
U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special
Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(ii) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such
Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could
be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

As used in this Section 13: 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted
in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 

26 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in
accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution
Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

SECTION 14. Parties. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the
Underwriters and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters, the Company and their respective successors and
the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision herein or therein
contained. This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and
directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase. 

SECTION 15. GOVERNING LAW AND TIME. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. 

SECTION 16. Patriot Act. In accordance
with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their
respective clients, including the Company, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 

SECTION 17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an
original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document
related to this Agreement, the Indenture or the Notes shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf or jpg) and other electronic
signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract 

27 

or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or
use of a paper-based recordkeeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other
applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. 

SECTION 18. Effect of Headings. The Article and Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect
the construction hereof. 

28 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and
return to the Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this Agreement, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated

By: /s/ Bradford Huntington

Name: Bradford Huntington

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Confirmed and accepted as of the

date first above written:

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

By: /s/ John Lembeck

Name: John Lembeck

Title: Managing Director

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.

By: /s/ Adam D. Bordner

Name: Adam D. Bordner

Title: Managing Director

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

By: /s/ Kevin Dirkse

Name: Kevin Dirkse

Title: Managing Director

RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC

By: /s/ Scott G. Primrose

Name: Scott G. Primrose

Title: Authorized Signatory

Acting on behalf of themselves and as representatives 

of the other named Underwriters 

SCHEDULE 1 

Underwriters and Principal Amount of Securities 

Underwriters Aggregate

Principal Amount

of 2030 Notes to be

Purchased Aggregate Principal

Amount of 2035

Notes to be

Purchased 

Barclays Capital Inc. $96,000,000 $64,000,000 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 96,000,000 64,000,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 96,000,000 64,000,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 96,000,000 64,000,000 

BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC 66,000,000 44,000,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 66,000,000 44,000,000 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 30,000,000 20,000,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 30,000,000 20,000,000 

CastleOak Securities, L.P. 12,000,000 8,000,000 

Siebert Williams Shank & Co. 12,000,000 8,000,000 

Total $600,000,000 $400,000,000 

Sch 1-1 

SCHEDULE 2-A

Schedule of Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses 

included in the General Disclosure Package 

1. 

The Final Term Sheet, a form of which is attached as Schedule 3 to this Agreement. 

SCHEDULE 2-B

Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectuses 

1. 

None. 

Sch 2-1 

SCHEDULE 3 

Filed Pursuant to Rule 433 dated March 6, 2025

Relating to Preliminary Prospectus Supplement dated March 6, 2025 and

Prospectus dated November 13, 2023 

Registration Statement No. 333-275509

Final Term Sheet 

$1,000,000,000 

Public
Service Enterprise Group Incorporated 

$600,000,000 4.900% Senior Notes due 2030 

$400,000,000 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 

March 6, 2025 

Issuer: 

Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated

Trade Date: 

March 6, 2025 

Settlement Date*: 

March 10, 2025 (T+2) 

Aggregate Proceeds to Issuer Before Expenses: 

$992,914,000 

Security: 

4.900% Senior Notes due 2030

(the 2030 Notes) 

5.400% Senior Notes due 2035

(the 2035 Notes)

Security Type: 

Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Notes 

Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Notes

Principal Amount: 

$600,000,000 

$400,000,000

Maturity Date: 

March 15, 2030 

March 15, 2035

Coupon: 

4.900% per annum 

5.400% per annum

Interest Payment Dates: 

The 15th of each March and September, beginning September 15, 2025 

The 15th of each March and September beginning September 15, 2025

Redemption Provisions: 

Prior to February 15, 2030 (the date that is one month prior to the maturity date of the 2030 Notes) (the 2030
Notes Par Call Date), the Issuer may redeem the 2030 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: 

Prior to December 15, 2034 (the date that is three months prior to the maturity date of the 2035 Notes) (the
2035 Notes Par Call Date), the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of:

Sch 3-1 

(1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining
scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (including interest accrued to, but excluding, the redemption date) discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2030 Notes matured on the 2030 Notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15.0 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the
redemption date; and

(2) 100% of the principal amount
of the 2030 Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

On or after the 2030 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2030 Notes at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

(1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (including interest accrued to, but
excluding, the redemption date) discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2035 Notes matured on the 2035 Notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20.0 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the redemption date; and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be
redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

On or after the 2035 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Notes at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Benchmark Treasury: 

4.000% due February 28, 2030 

4.625% due February 15, 2035

Benchmark Treasury Yield: 

4.061% 

4.282%

Re-offer Spread to Benchmark: 

+87.0 basis points 

+112.0 basis points

Re-offer Yield: 

4.931% 

5.402%

Price to Public: 

99.863% of Principal Amount 

99.984% of Principal Amount

Sch 3-2 

CUSIP / ISIN: 

744573 BA3/US744573BA31 

744573 BB1/US744573BB14

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

Barclays Capital Inc.

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

BNY
Mellon Capital Markets, LLC

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

Barclays Capital Inc.

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

BNY
Mellon Capital Markets, LLC

TD Securities (USA) LLC

Co-Managers: 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp.

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

CastleOak Securities, L.P.

Siebert Williams Shank & Co. 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp.

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

CastleOak Securities, L.P.

Siebert Williams Shank & Co.

* Note: Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, trades in the secondary market are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes prior to one business day before
delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will settle in T+2, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement and should consult their own advisors. 

No PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs KID: No PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as not available to retail in
the EEA or UK. 

The Issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) and a preliminary prospectus supplement with
the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement, the preliminary prospectus supplement and the other documents the Issuer has filed with the SEC for more
complete information about the Issuer and the offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send
you these documents if you request them by calling Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at 1-888-603-5847; Citigroup Global Markets
Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146; Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC toll-free at 1-866-471-2526; and RBC Capital Markets, LLC toll-free at
1-866-375-6829.

Sch 3-3 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE COMPANY 

TO BE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 5(b) 

On the basis of the
foregoing and of my examination and consideration of such other legal and factual matters as I have deemed appropriate, I am of the opinion that: 

(i) 

The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws
of the State of New Jersey and has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package (as defined in Annex A hereto), and the
Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, the Underwriting Agreement. 

(ii) 

Each Significant Subsidiary has been duly incorporated or organized and is validly existing as a corporation or
limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(iii) 

To the best of my knowledge, the Company and each Significant Subsidiary is duly qualified as a foreign
corporation or limited liability company to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where
the failure to so qualify and be in good standing would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise. 

(iv) 

The authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the
Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans referred to
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options referred to in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus). Such
shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Company and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock were issued in violation of preemptive or
other similar rights of any security holder of the Company. 

(v) 

All of the shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each Significant Subsidiary have been duly and
validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable (except in the case of a limited liability company), and are owned directly by the Company or another Subsidiary, as the case may be, free and
clear 

Ex A-1 

of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims. None of the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of any Significant Subsidiary were issued in violation of preemptive or
other similar rights of any security holder of such Significant Subsidiary. 

(vi) 

The Underwriting Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

(vii) 

The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and (assuming the Indenture has
been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trustee) constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and
fair dealing (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

(viii) 

The Securities have been duly authorized and executed by the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement
and, when delivered pursuant to the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture against the requisite payment therefor (assuming the due authentication thereof by the Trustee), will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of
the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and
subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). The registered holders
of the Securities will be entitled to the benefit of the Indenture. 

(ix) 

The statements in (i) the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under
the captions Description of the Senior Notes and Description of the Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities, and (ii) the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2024, under the captions (A) Part I, Item 1. Business Regulatory Issues, (B) Part I, Item 1. Business Environmental Matters, and (C) Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings, in each case including the
information incorporated by reference in such section and insofar as such statements constitute summaries of the legal matters, documents or proceedings referred to therein, fairly summarize the matters referred to therein in all material respects.

(x) 

The Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the regulations
thereunder (the 1939 Act). 

Ex A-2 

(xi) 

The Registration Statement is effective under the 1933 Act and, to the best of my knowledge, no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of any prospectus relating to the Securities has been issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings therefor initiated or threatened by the SEC or any other governmental agency or
authority. 

(xii) 

The Registration Statement (except for the financial statements and the related notes thereto, the financial
statement schedules or the financial or accounting data incorporated by reference therein or Exhibits 25-1 and 25-2 thereto, as to which I express no opinion), as of its
most recent effective date pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2), and the Prospectus (except for the financial statements and the related notes thereto, the financial statement schedules or the financial or accounting data incorporated by reference therein,
as to which I express no opinion), as of March [6], 2025, appeared on their face to be appropriately responsive, in all material respects relevant to the offering of the Securities, to the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act.

(xiii) 

Each document filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the regulations thereunder (the
1934 Act) and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus appeared on its face, at the time it was filed, to be appropriately responsive in all material respects with the
applicable requirements of the 1934 Act. 

(xiv) 

To the best of my knowledge, none of the Company nor any Significant Subsidiary is in violation of its
certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other organizational documents, or in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any material contract,
indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note or lease to which it is a party or by which it or any its properties may be bound. 

(xv) 

The execution and delivery of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities, and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby, will not conflict with, violate or constitute a breach of, or default under, or, except as contemplated thereby, result in the creation or imposition of: (A) any lien, charge
or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary pursuant to, any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument known to me and to which the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary is a party or by which it may be bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary is subject; (B) any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court decree known to me to be
applicable to the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator having jurisdiction over the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (other than federal and state securities or blue sky
laws, as to which I express no opinion in this paragraph), or (C) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary.

Ex A-3 

(xvi) 

No consent, approval, waiver, license or authorization or other action by or filing with any New York, New
Jersey or federal governmental authority is required in connection with the execution and delivery by the Company of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities, the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
thereby or the performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder, except for filings and other actions required pursuant to the 1933 Act and/or the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and federal and state securities or blue sky
laws, as to which I express no opinion in this paragraph. 

(xvii) 

To the best of my knowledge, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, there is not pending or threatened any action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Company or any Subsidiary is
subject, before or by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, which might reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or which might reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the assets,
properties or operations thereof or the consummation of the transactions contemplated under the Underwriting Agreement, the Securities or the Indenture or the performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder. 

(xviii) 

The Company is not, and immediately after giving effect to the sale of the Securities and the application of
the proceeds thereof as described in the Prospectus will not be, an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(xix) 

The Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity
Exchange Act and the Commodity Exchange Act Regulations. 

I have generally reviewed the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and discussed the information therein with certain officers and employees of the Company, but without independent check or verification except as indicated above, and no facts have come to my attention
that would lead me to believe that: 

(1) 

the Registration Statement, at the time it originally became effective under the 1933 Act or as of each
new effective date with respect to the Securities and the Underwriters pursuant to, and within the meaning of, Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; 

(2) 

the General Disclosure Package, as of 3:15 p.m. (Eastern Time) on March 6, 2025, contained an untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the 

Ex A-4 

circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or 

(3) 

the Prospectus, as of the date of the Prospectus Supplement or as of the date hereof, included or includes an
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

Ex A-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d919591dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

GLOBAL NOTE 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY
AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (THE DEPOSITORY) TO PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND SUCH
CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO., OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY, ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL,
SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

UNLESS AND UNTIL THIS CERTIFICATE IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART
FOR NOTES IN CERTIFICATED FORM, THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE THEREOF OR BY A NOMINEE THEREOF TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE
TO A SUCCESSOR OF THE DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR. 

CUSIP NO. 744573 BA3

No. R-1 $

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED 

4.900% Senior Note due 2030 

GLOBAL NOTE 

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED, a New Jersey corporation (herein referred to as the Company, which term
includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of $ on March 15, 2030 (the
Stated Maturity Date), unless redeemed in accordance with the provisions of this Global Note, and to pay interest on the outstanding principal amount of this Global Note from March 10, 2025, semi-annually in arrears on March 15
and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025 (each, an Interest Payment Date) at 4.900% per annum until the principal hereof is paid or duly provided for. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will
include interest accrued from and including March 10, 2025 or from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, as the case may be, to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date.
Interest will be computed based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, except as provided below, be paid
to the person (the Holder) in whose name this Global Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not a Business Day (as defined below)) immediately preceding the
applicable Interest Payment Date (a Regular Record Date). Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for (Defaulted Interest) will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may
either be paid to the person in whose name this Global Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a special record date (the Special Record Date) for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to
be fixed by the Trustee hereinafter referred to, notice whereof shall be given to the Holder of this Global Note not less than ten days prior to such Special Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner, all as more fully
provided in the Indenture. 

2

For purposes of this Global Note, Business Day means each Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day on which banking institutions in Newark, New Jersey and The City of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to this Global Note will be made in such coin or currency of the
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts. Payment of the principal of and any premium on this Global Note on the Stated Maturity Date or date of earlier redemption will be made in
immediately available funds against presentation of this Global Note at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York. Payments of interest on an Interest Payment Date will be made,
at the option of the Company, by check mailed to the Holder entitled thereto at the applicable address appearing in the Security Register or by transfer of immediately available funds to an account maintained by the payee with a bank located in the
United States of America; provided, however, that so long as Cede & Co. is the Holder of this Global Note, payments of interest on an Interest Payment Date will be made in immediately available funds. 

Any payment of principal, premium or interest required to be made with respect to this Global Note on a day that is not a Business Day
need not be made on such day, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such day and no additional interest shall be payable on the next succeeding Business Day as a result of such delayed
payment. 

General. This Global Note is one of the duly authorized series of securities of the Company (the
Securities), issued or to be issued under the Indenture, dated as of November 1, 1998 (together with all amendments and supplements thereto, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as successor trustee (the Trustee), to which Indenture reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and each of the
Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered and transferred. This Global Note is one of the duly authorized series of Securities designated as the 4.900% Senior Notes due
2030 (collectively, the Notes). The Notes will be limited to $ aggregate principal amount, except as permitted in the Indenture, and will be subject, without the consent of the Holders of any series of
Securities under the Indenture, to the issuance of additional Notes in the future having the same terms, other than the date of original issuance and the date on which interest begins to accrue, so as to form one series with the Notes. All terms
used in this Global Note, which are not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

Events of
Default. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

As used in this Global Note and the Indenture, the term Event of Default wherever used with respect to the Notes means
any one of the events described under Article Five, Section 501 of the Indenture or the following event: 

3

an event of default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to indebtedness
for borrowed money of the Company in excess of $75,000,000 and such event of default shall have been accelerated, and such acceleration shall not be rescinded or annulled within ten days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the
Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding; provided, however, that if such event of default with respect to such other
indebtedness shall be remedied or cured by the Company, or waived by the holders of such other indebtedness, then the Event of Default hereunder by reason thereof shall be deemed likewise to have been thereupon remedied, cured or waived without
further action upon the part of either the Trustee or any of the Holders of the Notes; and provided,further, that, subject to the provisions of Section 601 of the Indenture, the Trustee shall not be charged with
knowledge of any such event of default or any remedy, cure or waiver thereof or any such acceleration unless written notice thereof shall have been given to the Trustee by the Company, by a holder or an agent of such other indebtedness or by the
Trustee then acting under this Indenture with respect to such other series of Securities or under any other indenture or instrument, as the case may be, under which such event of default shall have occurred, or by the Holders of at least twenty-five
percent in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time Outstanding; 

in each case whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether
or not it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body. 

Sinking Fund. This Global Note will not be entitled to the benefit of, or be subject to, any sinking fund. 

Optional Redemption. Prior to February 15, 2030 (the Par Call Date), this Global Note will be redeemable, in
whole or in part, at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) 

(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (including
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption (the Redemption Date)) discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming this Global Note matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption
Date, and 

(ii) 

100% of the principal amount of this Global Note to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, this Global Note will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Companys option, at any time and
from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of this Global Note being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

4

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City
time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or
publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall
select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately
longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or
maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury
Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a
maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par
Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two
or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in
accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Trustee shall not be
responsible for any calculation of the Treasury Rate. The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notices of redemption will be delivered at least 10 but not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes at
its address appearing in the Security Register. 

5

If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed on any Redemption Date, the Trustee
will select the Notes for redemption in accordance with any method the Trustee considers fair and appropriate, subject to the selection convention applicable to securities in book-entry form. Notes in denominations of $2,000 or less may not be
redeemed in part. The notice of redemption will state the portion of the principal amount to be redeemed if a Note is to be redeemed in part. A Note being redeemed in part will be issued in the name of the Holder upon cancellation of the original
Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Note. 

If money sufficient to pay the redemption price of this
Global Note (or portion hereof) to be redeemed on a Redemption Date is deposited with the Trustee or a Paying Agent on or before such Redemption Date and certain other conditions are satisfied, then on and after such Redemption Date, interest will
cease to accrue on this Global Note (or such portion hereof) called for redemption. 

Reports. So long as this Global Note
remains Outstanding, the Company will file with the Trustee, within 30 days of filing them with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), copies of the current, quarterly and annual reports and of the information, documents and
other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC may by rules and regulations prescribe) that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the Exchange Act). If the Company is not subject to the requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and this Global Note remains Outstanding, the Company must nevertheless file with the SEC (if
permitted) and the Trustee, on the date upon which the Company would have been required to file with the SEC, current, quarterly and annual financial statements, including any notes thereto (and with respect to annual reports, an auditors
report by a firm of established national reputation, upon which the Trustee may conclusively rely), and a Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both comparable to that which the
Company would have been required to include in such current, quarterly and annual reports, information, documents or other reports on Forms 8-K,10-Q and 10-K if the Company was subject to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; provided that the Company will not be required to register under the Exchange Act by virtue of this provision, if
not otherwise required to do so. 

Modification and Waivers; Obligations of the Company Absolute. The Indenture permits, with
certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series. Such amendment may be effected under the Indenture at any
time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all Securities issued under the Indenture at the time Outstanding and affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions
permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Outstanding Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver shall be conclusive and binding upon the Holder of this Global Note and upon all future Holders of this Global Note and of
any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Global Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of
the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to this Global Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

6

Defeasance. The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the
entire indebtedness of the Company on this Global Note, upon compliance by the Company with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, which provisions apply to this Global Note. 

Authorized Denominations. The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and
integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

Registration of Transfer or Exchange of this Global Note. As provided in the
Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth, the transfer of this Global Note is registrable in the Security Register upon surrender of this Global Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the
Company in any place where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Global Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Global Notes of this series of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth,
the Global Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Global Notes of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same. 

This Global Note is a Security in global form within the meaning of the Indenture. If The Depository Trust Company is at any
time unwilling, unable or ineligible to continue as depository and a successor depository is not appointed by the Company within 90 days or an Event of Default under the Indenture has occurred and is continuing, the Company will issue Notes in
certificated form in exchange for this Global Note. In addition, the Company may at any time determine not to have Notes represented by one or more Securities in global form and, in such event, will issue Notes in certificated form in exchange in
whole for this Global Note. In any such instance, an owner of a beneficial interest in this Global Note will receive Notes in certificated form equal in principal amount to such beneficial interest and to have such Notes registered in its name.
Notes so issued in certificated form will be issued in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof and will be issued in registered form only, without coupons. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Global
Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Holder of this Global Note as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Global Note be overdue, and neither the
Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Governing Law. This Global Note shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New Jersey. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon
has been executed by the Trustee by manual signature, this Global Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under
its facsimile corporate seal. 

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP

INCORPORATED

Dated: March 10, 2025 

By: 

Treasurer

Attest: 

Secretary

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

Dated: March 10, 2025 

By: 

Authorized Signatory

8

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To
assign this Security, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign and transfer this Security to 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

and
irrevocably appoint ______________________ agent to transfer this Security on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Dated: Signed: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the

other side of this Security)

Signature Guarantee: 

Dated: Signed: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the

other side of this Security)

Signature Guarantee:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d919591dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

GLOBAL NOTE 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY
AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (THE DEPOSITORY) TO PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND SUCH
CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO., OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY, ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL,
SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

UNLESS AND UNTIL THIS CERTIFICATE IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART
FOR NOTES IN CERTIFICATED FORM, THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE THEREOF OR BY A NOMINEE THEREOF TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE
TO A SUCCESSOR OF THE DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR. 

CUSIP NO. 744573 BB1 $

No. R-1 

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED 

5.400% Senior Note due 2035 

GLOBAL NOTE 

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED, a New Jersey corporation (herein referred to as the Company, which term
includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of $ on March 15, 2035 (the
Stated Maturity Date), unless redeemed in accordance with the provisions of this Global Note, and to pay interest on the outstanding principal amount of this Global Note from March 10, 2025, semi-annually in arrears on March 15
and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025 (each, an Interest Payment Date) at 5.400% per annum until the principal hereof is paid or duly provided for. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will
include interest accrued from and including March 10, 2025 or from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, as the case may be, to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date.
Interest will be computed based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, except as provided below, be paid
to the person (the Holder) in whose name this Global Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not a Business Day (as defined below)) immediately preceding the
applicable Interest Payment Date (a Regular Record Date). Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for (Defaulted Interest) will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may
either be paid to the person in whose name this Global Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a special record date (the Special Record Date) for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to
be fixed by the Trustee hereinafter referred to, notice whereof shall be given to the Holder of this Global Note not less than ten days 

2

prior to such Special Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Global Note, Business Day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day
on which banking institutions in Newark, New Jersey and The City of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to this Global Note will be made in such coin or currency of the
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts. Payment of the principal of and any premium on this Global Note on the Stated Maturity Date or date of earlier redemption will be made in
immediately available funds against presentation of this Global Note at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York. Payments of interest on an Interest Payment Date will be made,
at the option of the Company, by check mailed to the Holder entitled thereto at the applicable address appearing in the Security Register or by transfer of immediately available funds to an account maintained by the payee with a bank located in the
United States of America; provided, however, that so long as Cede & Co. is the Holder of this Global Note, payments of interest on an Interest Payment Date will be made in immediately available funds. 

Any payment of principal, premium or interest required to be made with respect to this Global Note on a day that is not a Business Day
need not be made on such day, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such day and no additional interest shall be payable on the next succeeding Business Day as a result of such delayed
payment. 

General. This Global Note is one of the duly authorized series of securities of the Company (the
Securities), issued or to be issued under the Indenture, dated as of November 1, 1998 (together with all amendments and supplements thereto, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as successor trustee (the Trustee), to which Indenture reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and each of the
Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered and transferred. This Global Note is one of the duly authorized series of Securities designated as the 5.400% Senior Notes due
2035 (collectively, the Notes). The Notes will be limited to $ aggregate principal amount, except as permitted in the Indenture, and will be subject, without the consent of the Holders of any series of
Securities under the Indenture, to the issuance of additional Notes in the future having the same terms, other than the date of original issuance and the date on which interest begins to accrue, so as to form one series with the Notes. All terms
used in this Global Note, which are not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

Events of
Default. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

As used in this Global Note and the Indenture, the term Event of Default wherever used with respect to the Notes means
any one of the events described under Article Five, Section 501 of the Indenture or the following event: 

3

an event of default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to indebtedness
for borrowed money of the Company in excess of $75,000,000 and such event of default shall have been accelerated, and such acceleration shall not be rescinded or annulled within ten days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the
Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding; provided, however, that if such event of default with respect to such other
indebtedness shall be remedied or cured by the Company, or waived by the holders of such other indebtedness, then the Event of Default hereunder by reason thereof shall be deemed likewise to have been thereupon remedied, cured or waived without
further action upon the part of either the Trustee or any of the Holders of the Notes; and provided,further, that, subject to the provisions of Section 601 of the Indenture, the Trustee shall not be charged with
knowledge of any such event of default or any remedy, cure or waiver thereof or any such acceleration unless written notice thereof shall have been given to the Trustee by the Company, by a holder or an agent of such other indebtedness or by the
Trustee then acting under this Indenture with respect to such other series of Securities or under any other indenture or instrument, as the case may be, under which such event of default shall have occurred, or by the Holders of at least twenty-five
percent in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time Outstanding; 

in each case whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether
or not it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body. 

Sinking Fund. This Global Note will not be entitled to the benefit of, or be subject to, any sinking fund. 

Optional Redemption. Prior to December 15, 2034 (the Par Call Date), this Global Note will be redeemable, in
whole or in part, at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) 

(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (including
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption (the Redemption Date)) discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming this Global Note matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 20 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption
Date, and 

(ii) 

100% of the principal amount of this Global Note to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, this Global Note will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Companys option, at any time and
from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of this Global Note being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

4

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City
time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or
publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall
select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately
longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or
maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury
Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at [11:00 a.m]., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a
maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par
Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two
or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in
accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Trustee shall not be
responsible for any calculation of the Treasury Rate. The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notices of redemption will be delivered at least 10 but not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes at
its address appearing in the Security Register. 

5

If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed on any Redemption Date, the Trustee
will select the Notes for redemption in accordance with any method the Trustee considers fair and appropriate, subject to the selection convention applicable to securities in book-entry form. Notes in denominations of $2,000 or less may not be
redeemed in part. The notice of redemption will state the portion of the principal amount to be redeemed if a Note is to be redeemed in part. A Note being redeemed in part will be issued in the name of the Holder upon cancellation of the original
Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Note. 

If money sufficient to pay the redemption price of this
Global Note (or portion hereof) to be redeemed on a Redemption Date is deposited with the Trustee or a Paying Agent on or before such Redemption Date and certain other conditions are satisfied, then on and after such Redemption Date, interest will
cease to accrue on this Global Note (or such portion hereof) called for redemption. 

Reports. So long as this Global Note
remains Outstanding, the Company will file with the Trustee, within 30 days of filing them with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), copies of the current, quarterly and annual reports and of the information, documents and
other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC may by rules and regulations prescribe) that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the Exchange Act). If the Company is not subject to the requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and this Global Note remains Outstanding, the Company must nevertheless file with the SEC (if
permitted) and the Trustee, on the date upon which the Company would have been required to file with the SEC, current, quarterly and annual financial statements, including any notes thereto (and with respect to annual reports, an auditors
report by a firm of established national reputation, upon which the Trustee may conclusively rely), and a Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both comparable to that which the
Company would have been required to include in such current, quarterly and annual reports, information, documents or other reports on Forms 8-K,10-Q and 10-K if the Company was subject to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; provided that the Company will not be required to register under the Exchange Act by virtue of this provision, if
not otherwise required to do so. 

Modification and Waivers; Obligations of the Company Absolute. The Indenture permits, with
certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series. Such amendment may be effected under the Indenture at any
time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all Securities issued under the Indenture at the time Outstanding and affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions
permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Outstanding Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver shall be conclusive and binding upon the Holder of this Global Note and upon all future Holders of this Global Note and of
any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Global Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of
the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to this Global Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

6

Defeasance. The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the
entire indebtedness of the Company on this Global Note, upon compliance by the Company with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, which provisions apply to this Global Note. 

Authorized Denominations. The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and
integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

Registration of Transfer or Exchange of this Global Note. As provided in the
Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth, the transfer of this Global Note is registrable in the Security Register upon surrender of this Global Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the
Company in any place where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Global Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Global Notes of this series of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth,
the Global Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Global Notes of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same. 

This Global Note is a Security in global form within the meaning of the Indenture. If The Depository Trust Company is at any
time unwilling, unable or ineligible to continue as depository and a successor depository is not appointed by the Company within 90 days or an Event of Default under the Indenture has occurred and is continuing, the Company will issue Notes in
certificated form in exchange for this Global Note. In addition, the Company may at any time determine not to have Notes represented by one or more Securities in global form and, in such event, will issue Notes in certificated form in exchange in
whole for this Global Note. In any such instance, an owner of a beneficial interest in this Global Note will receive Notes in certificated form equal in principal amount to such beneficial interest and to have such Notes registered in its name.
Notes so issued in certificated form will be issued in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof and will be issued in registered form only, without coupons. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Global
Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Holder of this Global Note as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Global Note be overdue, and neither the
Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Governing Law. This Global Note shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New Jersey. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon
has been executed by the Trustee by manual signature, this Global Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its facsimile
corporate seal. 

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP

INCORPORATED 

Dated: March 10, 2025 

By: 

Treasurer 

Attest: 

Secretary 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee 

Dated: March 10, 2025 

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

8

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To
assign this Security, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign and transfer this Security to 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

and
irrevocably appoint ______________________ agent to transfer this Security on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Dated: Signed: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the

other side of this Security)

Signature Guarantee: 

Dated: Signed: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the

other side of this Security)

Signature Guarantee:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d919591dex5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5
<TEXT>
EX-5

Exhibit 5 

John C. Walmsley

Associate
Counsel 

PSEG Services Corporation

80 Park Plaza,
T20, Newark, NJ 07102-4194

Email: Chris.Walmsley@pseg.com 

March 10, 2025 

Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated 

80 Park Plaza 

P.O. Box 1171 

Newark, NJ 07102 

Re: 

Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated 

Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-275509)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This opinion is
furnished in connection with the issuance and sale by Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (the Company) of $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.900% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $400,000,000
aggregate principal amount of its 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes) pursuant to (i) the Companys Registration Statement on Form
S-3, Registration No. 333-275509 (the Registration Statement); (ii) the base prospectus constituting a part of the Registration Statement, dated
November 13, 2023 (the Base Prospectus), relating to the offering from time to time of certain debt securities of the Company, among other securities, pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act); and (iii) the prospectus supplement, dated March 6, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement and together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus). The Notes were issued under the Indenture, dated as
of November 1, 1998 (as amended and supplemented to the date hereof, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

I have examined the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Indenture, the global certificates representing each series of Notes and such
other agreements, instruments, documents and records and such certificates or comparable documents of public officials which I deemed relevant and necessary for the basis of the opinion hereinafter expressed. In such examination, I have assumed the
following: (a) the authenticity of original documents and the genuineness of all signatures; (b) the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to me as copies; and (c) the truth, accuracy, and completeness of the
information, representations, and warranties contained in the records, documents, instruments, and certificates I have reviewed. 

Based on
such examination, I am of the opinion that the Notes, assuming the due authentication thereof by the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture, constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance

with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and to
general principles of equity, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

The foregoing opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to matters arising under laws of the State of New Jersey as in effect on
the date hereof and I express no opinion as to the effect on the matters covered by this letter of the laws of any other jurisdiction. I hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of this letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and
to the use of my name wherever it appears in the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, I do not thereby admit that I am within the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the Act or the related rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission issued thereunder with respect to any part of the Registration Statement, including this letter as an exhibit or otherwise. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ John C. Walmsley

John C. Walmsley

Associate Counsel

PSEG Services Corporation

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>peg-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>peg-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>peg-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g919591g0308080657412.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000788784

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NJ

Entity File Number 001-09120

Entity Tax Identification Number 22-2625848

Entity Address, Address Line One 80 Park Plaza

Entity Address, City or Town Newark

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07102

City Area Code 973

Local Phone Number 430-7000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock without par value

Trading Symbol PEG

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250306/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d919591d8k.htm 
peg-20250306.xsd 
peg-20250306_lab.xml 
peg-20250306_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-050925-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d919591d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000788784 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INC 
false 
0000788784 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
NJ 
001-09120 
22-2625848 
80 Park Plaza 
Newark 
NJ 
07102 
973 
430-7000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock without par value 
PEG 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>