<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001663577-25-000038.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001663577-25-000038.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127131342
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-25-000038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250120
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Medinotec Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001931055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				364990343
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-265368
		FILM NUMBER:		25557015

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OFFICE 202, GEZERI BUILDING, NAIF
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 488083
		CITY:			DUBAI
		STATE:			C0
		ZIP:			48803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		27 87 330 2301

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OFFICE 202, GEZERI BUILDING, NAIF
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 488083
		CITY:			DUBAI
		STATE:			C0
		ZIP:			48803
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>mdnc8k_012025.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Medinotec, Inc. - Form 8-K - July 8, 2024

false000193105500019310552025-01-202025-01-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

____________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January
20, 2025

Medinotec, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 333-265368 36-4990343

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

Northlands Deco Park | 10 New Market Street | Stand
299 Avant Garde Avenue

North Riding | Johannesburg| South Africa 

2169

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: +27 87330
2301

________________________________________________

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company [X]

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ]

SECTION 8- OTHER EVENTS

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 20, 2025, Medinotec, Inc. (the Company) made available
to its shareholders a notice of its 2024 annual shareholder meeting of the Company, scheduled to take place virtually at 9:30 am ET, February
19, 2025, by live webcast. A copy of the Companys notice of annual meeting and proxy statement is furnished as Exhibit
99.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference.

The information contained in this Item, including the exhibit attached
hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for any purpose, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference
in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regardless of any general
incorporation language in any such filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Notice of 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document).

2 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Medinotec, Inc.

/s/ Pieter van Niekerk

Pieter van Niekerk

Chief Financial Officer

Date: January 27, 2025

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NOTICE OF 2024 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS AND PROXY STATEMENT
<TEXT>
Notice of 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Date and Time

YOUR
VOTE IS IMPORTANT 

Tuesday, February 19, 2025 at 9:30 a.m. (EST) 

Wether
or not you attend the annual meeting, we urge you to vote promptly no later than the day before the meeting by: 

Meeting Access 

Video Conference:

Emailing
your signed proxy card to proxy@empirestock.com until the day before the meeting. 

https://medinotecinc.com/investor-center/shareholdermeeting 

Record Date

Mailing
your signed proxy card to arrive the day before the meeting. 

December
5, 2024 

Faxing your signed proxy card until the day before the meeting. (+1 702-974-1444) 

Items of Business

Proposal 1: Election of five directors, as described in the accompanying proxy statement. 

Proposal 2: Approval of Mercurius & Associates LLP as the companys independent registered public accounting firm for the 2024 fiscal
year. 

Consideration
of any other business properly brought before the annual meeting. 

The
annual meeting will be a virtual meeting conducted via Video Conference . There will be no physical in-person meeting. Additional
information regarding attending the annual meeting, voting your shares and submitting questions in advance of the annual meeting can
be found in the proxy statement.

Eligibility
to Vote

Only
stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 5, 2024 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the annual meeting and
any postponements or adjournments thereof.

This
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the proxy statement, form of proxy and the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended February 28, 2023 are being distributed and made available to our stockholders on or about January 20, 2025.

Your
vote is important. Whether or not you attend the meeting, we urge you to vote promptly.

By
Order of the Board of Directors 

North
Riding, South Africa /s/
Gregory Vizirgianakis 

Gregory
Vizirgianakis 

January
24, 2025 Chairperson 

This Notice of Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, the proxy statement, and the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023
are available at https://www.medinotecinc.com/investor-center.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING 3

PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 6

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 9

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 10

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 10

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 10

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 11

INFORMATION REGARDING SECURITY HOLDERS 16

PROPOSAL NO. 2 APPROVAL OF MERCURIUS & ASSOCIATES
LLP AS INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 16

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 17

OTHER MATTERS 17

HOUSEHOLDING 17

Table of Contents

PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY

This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy
statement. It does not contain all of the information you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before
voting. References in this proxy statement to the Company, Medinotec, we, us,
and our refer to Medinotec Inc., a Nevada company. This proxy statement, form of proxy, and the Companys Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023 are being distributed and made available to our stockholders on or about January
20, 2025. Our principal executive offices are located at Northlands Deco Park, 10 New Market Street Stand 299, Avant Garde Avenue, North
Riding, South Africa 2169.

Annual Meeting Information

Date and Time: Tuesday, February 19, 2025, at 9:30 a.m. (EST) 

Meeting Access: 

Video Conference:https://medinotecinc.com/investor-

center/shareholdermeeting 

Record Date: December
5, 2024 

Voting: Common stockholders have one vote per share on all matters presented at the annual meeting. 

The annual meeting will be a virtual meeting conducted via Video Conference
. There will be no physical in-person meeting. You will NOT be able to attend the annual meeting and vote your shares electronically
during the meeting, so it is important to vote your shares by no later than 11:59 p.m. EST on February 18, 2025, by email, by mail or
by facsimile. You may submit questions in advance of the meeting by sending an email to Investorrelations@Medinotecinc.com,
up to 11:59 p.m. EST on February 18, 2025. Please see Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting for more information
regarding the annual meeting.

You will not have a chance to vote at the annual meeting. Please
vote in advance of the annual meeting so that your vote will be counted.

Voting Matters and the Boards Recommendation

Agenda Item Board Vote Recommendation Page Reference

Election of five directors FOR each Director Nominee 6

Approval of Mercurius & Associates LLP as the companys independent
registered public accounting firm for the 2024 fiscal year FOR 16

In addition to these matters, stockholders may be asked to vote on
such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting.

2 

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING

Why did I receive these proxy materials?

This proxy statement, form of proxy, and the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023 are being distributed and made available to our stockholders
starting on or about January 20, 2025. We are providing these proxy materials in connection with the solicitation by the Board of proxies
to be voted at our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and at any adjournment or postponement of the meeting.

When and where will the annual meeting be held?

Date and Time

YOUR
VOTE IS IMPORTANT 

Tuesday, February 19, 2025 at 9:30 a.m. (EST) 

Wether
or not you attend the annual meeting, we urge you to vote promptly no later than the day before the meeting by: 

Meeting Access 

Video Conference:

Emailing
your signed proxy card to proxy@empirestock.com until the day before the meeting. 

https://medinotecinc.com/investor-center/shareholdermeeting 

Record Date

Mailing
your signed proxy card to arrive the day before the meeting. 

December
5, 2024 

Faxing your signed proxy card until the day before the meeting. 

Who is entitled to vote at the annual meeting?

Holders of the Companys
common stock at the close of business on December 5, 2024, are entitled to receive the Notice of Annual Meeting and proxy statement and
to vote their shares at the annual meeting. As of that date, there were 11,733,750 shares of the Companys common stock
outstanding and entitled to vote. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter properly brought before the annual
meeting.

Also as of the record date, there
were no outstanding shares of preferred stock of the Company, so only common stock will be voted at the Annual Meeting.

What constitutes a quorum for the annual meeting?

The holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the
Companys capital stock, present in person or by proxy (regardless of whether the proxy has authority to vote on any matter), shall
constitute a quorum. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted for purposes determining whether there is a quorum.

3 

Table of Contents

How can I attend and participate in the annual meeting?

To
attend and participate in the annual meeting, visit https://medinotecinc.com/investor-center/shareholdermeeting.
The virtual annual meetingwill begin promptly at 9:30 a.m. EST Tuesday, February 19, 2025. You may log in beginning at 9:15
a.m. EST.

We encourage you to access the virtual annual meetingprior
to the start time leaving ample time to confirm that your Internet or Wi-Fi connection is sufficient to access the features of the
virtual annual meeting, and to allow sufficient time to check in.The virtual meeting platform is supported across browsers
(Edge, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, and Safari) and devices (desktops, laptops, tablets, and mobile phones) that have the
most updated version of applicable software and plugins installed. You should ensure that you have a strong Wi-Fi connection wherever
you intend to participate in the annual meeting. While there is no fee to attend the virtual annual meeting, you may incur data or other
fees imposed by your Internet or wireless carrier.

The recording, reproduction or distribution of the virtual annual
meeting, or any portion thereof, is strictly prohibited.

What if I am having technical difficulties?

Technicians will be ready to assist you with any technical difficulties
you may have accessing the virtual annual meeting. Technical support will be available on the virtual annual meeting platform beginning
at 9:15 a.m. EST on the day of the annual meeting by calling the numbers posted on the log in page.

How do I submit a question for the annual meeting?

You may submit questions in advance of the meeting by sending an email
to investorrelations@Medinotecinc.com. You can submit a question up to 11:59 p.m. EDT on February 18, 2025.

How do I vote if I am a stockholder of record?

Whether or not you attend the annual meeting, we urge you to vote
promptly no later than the day before the meeting by:

1. Emailing your signed proxy card until the day before the
meeting.

To: proxy@empirestock.com

2. Mailing
your signed proxy card to arrive the day before the meeting.

To: Empire Stock
Transfer Inc.

1859 Whitney Mesa
Dr.

Henderson, NV 89014

USA

3. Faxing
your signed proxy card until the day before the meeting. 

To: +1 702-974-1444

You will NOT be able to attend the annual meeting and vote your
shares electronically during the meeting, so it is important to vote your shares by no later than 11:59 p.m. EST on February 18, 2025,
by using one of the above three methods of voting. You may submit questions in advance of the meeting by sending an email to investorrelations@Medinotecinc.com,
up to 11:59 p.m. EST on February 18, 2025.

4 

Table of Contents

How do I vote if I am a beneficial owner of shares?

If you are a beneficial owner, also known as a street
name holder (meaning that you hold your shares of our common stock through a broker, bank or other financial institution), your
broker, bank or financial institution will ask you how you wish to have your shares voted. In addition, you will receive instructions
as part of your proxy materials provided by your broker, bank or other financial institution on how to access the virtual annual meeting
and participate and vote at the annual meeting (including, if your broker, bank or other financial institution elects to do so, instructions
on how to vote by email, by mail or by facsimile). You must follow those instructions in order to be able to access the virtual annual
meeting and have your shares voted. You may also be able to obtain a proxy from your broker, bank or other financial institution by contacting
them directly. Your broker is not permitted to vote on your behalf on the election of directors and other matters to be considered at
the annual meeting (except on the approval of the appointment of Mercurius & Associates LLP as auditors for 2024) unless you provide
specific instructions. Accordingly, your shares will only be voted if you give instructions to your broker, bank or financial institution.

Can I revoke my proxy or change my vote after I vote by proxy?

If you are a stockholder of record, you can revoke your proxy
before it is exercised by:

giving
written notice to our Corporate Secretary;

delivering
a valid, later-dated proxy, or a later-dated vote by email (proxy@empirestock.com), in a timely manner; or

If you are a beneficial owner of shares, you may submit new voting
instructions by contacting your broker, bank or other holder of record and following their instructions for how to do so.

What vote is needed to approve each proposal? How do abstentions
or broker non-votes affect the voting results?

The following table summarizes the vote threshold required for approval
of each proposal and the effect on the outcome of the vote of abstentions and uninstructed shares held by brokers (referred to as
broker non-votes). When a beneficial owner does not provide voting instructions to the institution that holds the shares in street name,
brokers may not vote those shares in matters deemed non-routine. Only Proposal 2 is a routine matter.

PROPOSAL ITEM VOTE REQUIRED FOR APPROVAL EFFECT OF ABSTENTIONS (OR THE WITHHOLDING OF AUTHORITY) EFFECT OF BROKER

NON-VOTES

1 Election of five directors Pluralitythe five director nominees who receive the most FOR votes will be elected to serve on the Board No effect No effect

2 Approval of the appointment of independent auditor Number of votes cast in favor exceeds number of votes cast in opposition No effect No broker non-votes; shares are voted by brokers in their discretion

Your shares will be voted in accordance with your instructions. If
you are a stockholder of record and sign, date and return a proxy card but do not indicate how you wish to vote your shares, the appointed
proxies named on the proxy card will vote your shares for each of the nominees with respect to Proposal 1 and for
Proposal 2, and in the discretion of the appointed proxies named on the proxy card with respect to any other business properly brought
before the annual meeting.

5 

Table of Contents

Who will pay for the cost of this proxy solicitation?

We will pay all expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation
of proxies. In addition to solicitation by mail, our officers, directors and regular employees, who will receive no additional compensation
for their services, may solicit proxies in person or by email, by mail or by facsimile. We have requested that brokers, banks and other
nominees who hold stock in their names furnish this proxy material to their customers; we will reimburse these brokers, banks and nominees
for their out-of-pocket and reasonable expenses.

Could other matters be decided at the annual meeting?

We are not aware of any other matters that will be presented and voted
upon at the annual meeting. If you return your signed and completed proxy card by email, by mail or by facsimile and other matters are
properly presented at the annual meeting for consideration, the persons named in the accompanying proxy card will have the discretion
to vote for you on such matters and intend to vote the proxies in accordance with their best judgment.

PROPOSAL NO. 1

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Our bylaws provide that our business shall be managed by or under
the direction of a board of directors. The Board currently consists of five directors.

There are five nominees for election to the Board at the annual meeting.
Each of the five nominees, if elected, will hold office for a term that expires at the next annual stockholders meeting. Each director
shall hold office for the term for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or
her earlier death, resignation, or removal. Proxies solicited by the Board will, unless otherwise directed, be voted to elect the five
nominees named below to constitute the entire Board.

The Board has nominated each of the following individuals for election
as a director at the annual meeting: Gregory Vizirgianakis, Pieter van Niekerk, Stavros G. Vizirgianakis, Joseph P. Dwyer and Athanasios
Spirakis. Each nomination for director was based upon the recommendation of our board of directors and each nominee for director is a
current member of the board. All nominees have consented to be named and have indicated their intent to serve if elected. In the event
any of the nominees shall be unable or unwilling to serve as a director, the persons named in the proxy intend to vote FOR
the election of any person as may be nominated by the board in substitution. The Company has no reason to believe that any of the nominees
named below will be unable to serve as a director if elected.

The following table sets forth certain information, as of the date
of this proxy statement, as to each nominee for the office of director:

Name Age Position Director Since

Gregory Vizirgianakis 45 President, Secretary, Chief Executive Officer and Director Inception

Pieter van Niekerk 39 Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director Inception

Stavros G. Vizirgianakis 52 Director and Chairman June 13, 2022

Joseph P. Dwyer 67 Director and Audit committee chair June 13, 2022

Athanasios Spirakis 63 Director October 11, 2023

The following information about our directors is based, in part, upon
information supplied by them.

6 

Table of Contents

Gregory Vizirgianakis

The Company is led by Dr Vizirgianakis as the Chief
Executive Officer, a qualified medical doctor, with a specialty interest in the field of neuroscience. He has many years of experience
in the international and South African health markets. Dr Vizirgianakis is the founding ultimate shareholder of DISA Medinotec Proprietary
Limited and has been involved in several successful entrepreneurial ventures. For the last five years, Dr. Vizirgianakis has been employed
as CEO of Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited.

Aside from that provided above, Dr. Vizirgianakis
does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

The Board believes that Dr. Vizirgianakis has the
experience, qualifications, attributes and skills necessary to serve on the Board because of the fact that he held similar positions for
more than 10 years and his designation as a medical doctor, he is also a founding shareholder in the company and has a long-standing track
record in the industry.

Pieter van Niekerk

Mr. Pieter van Niekerk is a qualified Chartered
Accountant and the Company's CFO and has been involved in multiple listings on various exchanges in the United States of America and South
Africa. He has 10 years executive management experience and has been nominated as one of the Top 35 under 35 Chartered Accountants
in South Africa for two consecutive years. For the last five years, Mr. van Niekerk has been employed as CFO of Minoan Medical Proprietary
Limited and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited.

Aside from that provided above, Mr. van Niekerk
does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

The Board believes that Mr. van Niekerk has the
experience, qualifications, attributes and skills necessary to serve on the Board because of the fact that he held similar positions for
more than 10 years and his designation as a chartered accountant, he is also a founding shareholder in the company and has a long-standing
track record in the industry.

Stavros G. Vizirgianakis

Mr. Vizirgianakis became the Interim Chief Executive
Officer of Misonix in September 2016 and the full-time President and Chief Executive Officer in December 2016. Mr. Vizirgianakis has a
distinguished career in the medical devices field having worked for United States Surgical Corporation as director of sales for sub-Saharan
Africa and later Tyco Healthcare in the capacity of General Manager South Africa. In 2006, Mr. Vizirgianakis co-founded Surgical Innovations,
which has become one of the largest privately owned medical device distributors in the African region, and now part of the Johannesburg
Stock Exchange listed entity Ascendis Health. In that capacity, Mr. Vizirgianakis acted as a distributor of the Companys products.
Mr. Vizirgianakis was Managing Director of Ascendis Medical from January 2014 through July 2016. Mr. Vizirgianakis also served on the
board of Tenaxis Medical and is a strategic investor in and advisor to numerous medical device startups and established companies in this
field.

7 

Table of Contents

Aside from that provided above, Mr. Vizirgianakis
does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Mr. Vizirgianakis has a degree in commerce from
the University of South Africa. The Board believes Mr. Vizirgianakis industry knowledge, sales and marketing experience and his
international business relationships qualify him to serve as a director.

Joseph P. Dwyer

Mr. Dwyer has served as Misonixs Chief Financial
Officer since August 2, 2017. From June 2015 to the present, Mr. Dwyer has provided financial consulting and advisory services to various
companies, through the firms Dwyer Holdings and TechCXO. Prior thereto, from November 2012 until June 2015, he was Chief Financial Officer
of Virtual Piggy, Inc., a publicly traded technology company. Prior to joining Virtual Piggy, Mr. Dwyer served as chief financial officer
of Open Link Financial, Inc., a privately held company, which provides software solutions for trading and risk management in the energy,
commodity, and capital markets. During 2011 and 2012, Mr. Dwyer was a member of the board of directors and chairman of the audit committee
and served as interim chief administrative officer of Energy Solutions International, Inc., a privately held company providing pipeline
management software to energy companies and pipeline operators. From 2010 through 2011, Mr. Dwyer served as chief administrative officer
of Capstone Advisory Group, LLC, a privately held financial advisory firm providing corporate restructuring, litigation support, forensic
accounting, expert testimony and valuation services. Mr. Dwyer served as a consultant to Verint Systems, Inc., a software company listed
on the NASDAQ Global Market, from 2009 through 2010, assisting with SEC reporting and compliance. From 2005 through 2009, Mr. Dwyer served
as chief financial officer and executive vice president of AXS-One Inc., a publicly traded software company. During 2004, Mr. Dwyer served
as chief financial officer of Synergen, Inc., a privately held software company providing energy technology to utilities. Prior to 2004,
Mr. Dwyer also served as chief financial officer and executive vice president of Caminus Corporation, an enterprise application software
company that was formerly listed on the NASDAQ National Market, chief financial officer of ACTV, Inc., a digital media company that was
formerly listed on the NASDAQ National Market, and chief financial officer of Winstar Global Products, Inc., a manufacturer and distributor
of hair care, bath and beauty products until its acquisition by Winstar Communications, Inc. in 1995 when Mr. Dwyer went on to serve as
senior vice president, finance of Winstar Communications.

Aside from that provided above, Mr. Dwyer does
not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Mr. Dwyer received his BBA in Accounting from the
University of Notre Dame in 1978 and is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant in the State of New York. 

Athanasios Spirakis

34
Years Experience in Biomedical Engineering, Medical Devices & Healthcare Technology

Education:
MSc (Mech Eng) & MSc (Biomed.Eng).

Senior
Lecturer & Head Biomechanics Group, Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Cape Town

Senior
Biomedical Engineer, Groote Schuur Hospital

R&D
/ Quality Assurance & Regulatory Affairs Director of Macmed Orthopaedics.

Business
Development Director : Orthomedics / SA Biomedical / J &J.

CEO,
Elite Surgical (Pty) Ltd.

COO,
a top distributor of medical devices in South Africa

Aside from that provided above, Mr. Spirakis does
not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

We have selected Mr. Spirakis to serve as an independent
director because of his education, skills and experience in Biomedical Engineering, Manufacturing & Marketing / Selling of Medical
Devices.

8 

Table of Contents

THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR
EACH OF THE NOMINEES.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Family Relationships

Aside from Messrs. Gregory Vizirgianakis and
Stavros G. Vizirgianakis, who are brothers, there are no family relationships between or among the directors, executive officers or persons
nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers.

Arrangements between Officers and Directors

To our knowledge, there is no arrangement or
understanding between any of our officers and any other person, including directors, pursuant to which the officer was selected to serve
as an officer.

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

We are not aware of any of our directors or officers
being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings
(other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any of the items set forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.

Board Meetings

The board met on several occasions during the
fiscal year ended February 28, 2023. Each of the members of the board attended at least 75% of the meetings held by the board during the
time such directors served as a member of the board.

Although we do not have a formal policy regarding
attendance by members of our board of directors at annual meetings of stockholders, we strongly encourage our directors to attend.

Committees of the Board

Our full board serves the functions that would normally
be served by a separately designated nominating committee. Each of Messrs. Joseph P. Dwyer and Athanasios Spirakis have been determined
by the Board to be an independent director within the meaning of NASDAQ Rule 5605.

Our company has an Audit Committee with a financial
expert on the Committee. The Audit Committee is comprised of Messrs, Joseph P. Dwyer, Athanasios Spirakis and Stavros G. Vizirgianakis,
with Mr. Dwyer as Chairperson and financial expert on the committee. The Audit Committees responsibilities, which are discussed
in detail in its Charter, include the following:

review and reassess the Audit Committee Charter periodically,
at least annually, and recommend to the Board any necessary amendments; 

review the Companys annual and quarterly financial
statements prior to the first public release of the Companys financial results for such year or quarter (as well as the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q in advance of such filings); 

review other relevant reports or financial information, including
management certifications as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and relevant reports rendered by the independent auditor; 

recommend to the Board whether the financial statements should
be included in the annual report on Form 10-K and, if applicable, the Companys Annual Report to shareholders; 

discuss earnings press releases, prior to distribution, including
the type and presentation of information, paying particular attention to any non-GAAP information (including any pro forma
or adjusted information); 

discuss financial information and earnings guidance provided
to analysts and ratings agencies, prior to distribution thereof; and 

review the regular internal reports to management prepared
by the internal audit function. 

In addition, the Committee must:

review with the independent auditor, the internal audit function,
and management the extent to which changes or improvements in financial or accounting practices have been implemented; 

prepare the report that the SEC requires be included in the
Companys annual proxy statement; 

conduct an annual performance assessment regarding this Committees
purpose, duties, and responsibilities; and 

perform any other activities consistent with the charter, the Companys bylaws, and governing law, as the Board deems necessary or appropriate.

9 

Table of Contents

Code of Ethics

On June 21, 2023, our Board of Directors approved and adopted a Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (the Code of Ethics). The Code of Ethics is applicable to all directors, officers and employees of our company,
our companys subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that may be formed in the future. The Code of Ethics addresses such individuals
conduct with respect to, among other things, conflicts of interests; compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations; full, fair,
accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure; competition and fair dealing; corporate opportunities; confidentiality; insider trading;
protection and proper use of our assets; fair treatment; and reporting suspected illegal or unethical behavior.

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

All Directors shall receive reimbursement for reasonable
travel expenses incurred to attend Board and committee meetings, but are not paid otherwise for their services.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The following information sets forth, as of the date of this proxy
statement, the names, ages, and positions of our current executive officers.

Name Age Positions and Offices Held

Gregory Vizirgianakis 45 President, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Pieter van Niekerk 39 Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director

See Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors for a
description of the backgrounds and business experience.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The following summary compensation
table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended February
28, 2023 and 2022.

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE

Name

and

principal

position Year Salary ($) 

Bonus

($) 

Stock

Awards

($) 

Option

Awards

($) Non-Equity

Incentive Plan

Compensation

($) 

Nonqualified

Deferred

Compensation

Earnings

($) 

All Other

Compensation

($) 

Total

($)

Gregory Vizirgianakis 2023 

CEO 2022 

Peter van Niekerk 2023 

CFO 2022 

Narrative Disclosure to
the Summary Compensation Table

Although we do not currently
compensate our officers with any regularity, we reserve the right to provide compensation at some time in the future. Our decision to
compensate officers depends on the availability of our cash resources with respect to the need for cash to further business purposes.

10 

Table of Contents

Option Grants

We have not granted any options or stock appreciation
rights to our named executive officers or directors since inception. We do not have any stock option plans.

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans

There are no arrangements or plans in which we
provide pension, retirement or similar benefits to our directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans
pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may
be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof.

Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers,
Executive Officers and Other Management

None of our directors or executive officers or
any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted to our company by way of guarantee,
support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Other than described below or the transactions
described under the heading Executive Compensation (or with respect to which such information is omitted in accordance with
SEC regulations), there have not been, and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which
we were or will be a participant in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average
of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any director, executive officer, holder of 5% or
more of any class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest.

Related Party Summary

Name Relationship with the Medinotec Group of Companies Related transactions with the Medinotec Group of Companies Related Directors with the Medinotec Group of Companies Related Owners with the Medinotec Group of Companies 

Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited Medical investment company controlled by Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis Related Party Loan and Sales 

Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis

Pieter van Niekerk Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis is the ultimate beneficial owner

Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited Property investment company controlled by Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis 

Related party loan

Rental Expenses Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis is the ultimate beneficial owner

DISA Vascular Distribution Proprietary Limited trading as DISA Lifesciences Distributor appointed by DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited for Africa Sales Income 

Pieter van Niekerk Serves as independent non-executive according
to distribution agreement

Pieter van Niekerk resigned as a non-executive director on October 14, 2022
and therefore the related party relationship ceased to exist on the same date. n/a external third party

11 

Table of Contents

Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited The African holding company of the Medinotec Group of Companies Related party loan payable to Minoan Capital 

Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis

Pieter van Niekerk Medinotec Incorporated in Nevada is the 100% ultimate parent entity

DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited The African operating and manufacturing company 

Related party loan with Minoan medical

Operational income and expenses with Minoan Medical 

Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis

Pieter van Niekerk Medinotec Incorporated in Nevada is the 100% ultimate parent entity

Medinotec Incorporated Nevada Ultimate parent of Medinotec Capital and DISA Medinotec All of the above for its related subsidiaries 

Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis

Pieter van Niekerk

Joseph P Dwyer

Stavros Vizirgianakis This is the entity owned by the shareholders and primarily controlled by Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis and his Brother Stavros Vizirgianakis

Medinotec Group of Companies The Consolidated group name of Medinotec Incorporated, Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited above for its related subsidiaries 

Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis

Pieter van Niekerk

Joseph P Dwyer

Stavros Vizirgianakis This is the entity owned by the shareholders and primarily controlled by Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis and his Brother Stavros Vizirgianakis

Pieter van Niekerk Chief financial officer of the Medinotec Group of Companies Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above Related directorships disclosed above Minority Shareholder in Medinotec Inc

Gregory Vizirgianakis 

Chief Executive officer of the Minoan Group of Companies

Brother of Stavros Vizirgianakis Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above Related directorships disclosed above Shareholder in Medinotec Inc and Kingstyle investments.

Stavros Vizirgianakis 

Non-Executive director of the Medinotec Group of companies

Brother of Gregory Vizirgianakis Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above No Related other Directorships in Medinotec Group of Companies n/a

Joseph Dwyer 

Non-Executive director of the Medinotec Group of companies

Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 

No Related other Directorships in Medinotec Group of Companies

n/a

12 

Table of Contents

a. Rent

DISA Medinotec
Propriety Limited leases commercial buildings from Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited (Minoan Capital). Minoan Capital is
owned 100% by the Chief Executive Officer of the Medinotec Group of Companies, Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis. Pieter van Niekerk, CFO of the
Medinotec Group of Companies, also serves as a director on Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited.

Set forth below
is a table showing the Consolidated entities rent paid and accounts payable for the year ended February 28, 2023, with Minoan Capital:

February 28

2023

(audited) 

For the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022

(audited)

Rent 39,984 38,157 

Rent is comparable
to rent charged for similar properties in the same relative area. The Consolidated entities do market research of a Minimum and a Maximum
rental value within the area at every renewal of the rental agreement to ensure this is market related, this exercise is undertaken together
with a registered property agent who has the appropriate knowledge of the area. ASC 850-10-50-6.

b. Loan

This is an
unsecured loan from the prior parent entity of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited incorporated in South Africa called Minoan Medical Proprietary
Limited. This loan originated to fund working capital and capex expansions of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated during the
developmental and startup phase. After the acquisition of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited into the Medinotec Group of companies, the
Medinotec Group of Companies assumed this liability. During the Covid challenges, interest on the loan was waived due to the loan being
classified as an equity investment at that stage, before the post balance sheet transfer of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated
to the Medinotec Group of Companies. The Medinotec Group of Companies have a period of 3 years post any IPO date/ date at which the company
starts trading on a recognizable exchange to repay the loan. During these 3 years the loan will carry interest at the prevailing prime
lending rate of the time.

The prevailing
prime lending rate on the quarter ending February 28, 2023 in South Africa is 10.75%. The interest charged for the quarter was $51,545
and a 1% movement in the interest rates constitutes a value of $19,636 on an annual basis and $4,909 per quarter. The interest rate chargeable
is a guideline determined by the South African Reserve Bank and gets utilized by financial institutions to determine the financial gain
they may derive from a loan. The Prime rate is therefore an arms length transaction and justifiable rate that can be applied to
a loan within the borders of the Republic of South Africa and therefore complies with the arms length definitions in ASC 850-10-50-6.

The Consolidated
entities, particularly Medinotec Inc. have the option to settle earlier and settlement can be in cash or shares.

Minoan Medical
Proprietary Limiteds ultimate beneficial owner is the CEO of the Medinotec Group of Companies Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis and is
used to hold his medical investments and exports of which DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated was one of these investments
before it got transferred into the Medinotec Group of Companies. Pieter van Niekerk also serves as a director on Minoan Medical Proprietary
Limited.

13 

Table of Contents

Operational charges
are charged to the loan account in the Consolidated entities.

February 28

2023

$

(audited) 

February 28

2022

$

(audited restated)

Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited 1,862,793 1,583,672 

Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited 273 325 

Total $ 1,863,066 $ 1,583,997 

c.
Sales to commonly controlled entities 

The
Consolidated entities sell the majority of their stockto
DISA Vascular Distribution t/a DISA Life Sciences.

DISA Life
Sciences is the main distributor of the products of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited in South Africa. This relationship is governed
by a distribution agreement which DISA Lifesciences needs to adhere to, the company is owned by an independent third party but according
to the distribution agreement DISA Life sciences needs to allow a Director of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated registered
in South Africa to become a board member in an Non Executive role to oversee that good corporate governance is maintained by the
company and that the good name of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated does not come into despair. Currently, the Board position
is held by Mr. Pieter van Niekerk, who is also the CFO of the Medinotec Group of Companies. Mr. van Niekerk has no operational involvement
and also no financial interest or benefit paid to him for assuming the role of independent non-executive of the company.

Apart from
this non-executive directorship position there is no other related party ties to DISA Life Sciences. On October 14, 2022, Mr. Pieter van
Niekerk resigned as a director of DISA Lifesciences to focus on other commitments, on this same date the DISA Lifesciences ceased to be
a related party to DISA Medinotec. 

DISA Life
Sciences is one of the top 5 biggest distributor of medical devices in the Republic of South Africa and therefore DISA Medinotec Proprietary
Limited registered in South Africa utilizes their sales footprint for cost efficiencies. All trading is considered to be at arm's length.

Minoan Medical
Proprietary Limiteds ultimate beneficial owner is the CEO of the Medinotec Group of Companies Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis and is
used to hold his medical investments and exports of which DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated was one of these investments
before it got transferred into the Medinotec Group of Companies. All sales made to Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited were utilized to
build the export market for DISA Medinotec South Africa. In the future these sales will be made directly to the export countries without
utilizing Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited as an intermediate. These sales were made on the same terms as the DISA Life Sciences distribution
agreement. Pieter van Niekerk also serves as a director on Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited.

14 

Table of Contents

The distribution
agreement between DISA Lifesciences and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated was entered into after a market feasibility study
was conducted. Medical devices are registered with a fixed maximum sales price, which is regulated within South Africa. It was determined
that the profit split allowed between the two companies would be based on this approved market price, where DISA Lifesciences would be
allowed only to have 10% of the total sales value and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated the remaining balance.

This profit split
was determined by a benchmark study that was completed by an external firm who compared the profit margins of a distribution/wholesale
business. The allowed profit margin was concluded as being within the appropriate benchmark and therefore arms length. The data
base used to determine the market related margin is the Worldwide Private Company Data Base from Thomson Reuters. Therefore, this agreement
is deemed to be market related and at arms length and compliant with. ASC 850-10-50-6 and ASC 850-10-50-5.

Sales between the
entities are settled on a regular basis and there are no long outstanding Accounts receivable.

Set forth below
is a table showing the Consolidated entities sales and accounts receivable for the year ended February 28, 2023 and year ended February
28, 2022 with DISA Lifesciences and Minoan Medical.

February 28

2023

$ (audited) 

For the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022

$ (audited)

DISA Life Sciences 

Sales 335,786 525,558 

Accounts receivable 1,242 

Minoan Medical 

Sales 465,695 

These transactions
occurred in the normal course of operations and are measured at the exchange amount, which is the amount of the consideration established
and agreed to by the related parties.

15 

Table of Contents

INFORMATION
REGARDING SECURITY HOLDERS 

The following table sets forth,
as of December 5, 2024, the beneficial ownership of our common and preferred stock by each executive officer and director, by each person
known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock and by the executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise
noted, the address of each beneficial owner is located at Northlands Deco Park | 10 New Market Street | Stand 299 Avant Garde Avenue |
North Riding | 2169.

Title of class Name and address of beneficial owner (1) Number of shares - Beneficial ownership Percent of class (2)

Common Gregory Vizirgianakis(3) 4,750,179 40.5%

Common Peter van Niekerk 401,965 3%

Common Stavros G. Vizirgianakis 4,750,179 40.5%

Common Joseph P. Dwyer 0 0%

Common Athanasios Spirakis 12,073 0.1%

Total of All Directors and Executive Officers (5persons): 9,914,396 84.1% 

More Than 5% Beneficial Owners: 

NONE 

(1) As used in this table, "beneficial ownership" means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). In addition, for purposes of this table, a person is deemed, as of any date, to have "beneficial ownership" of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date.

(2) The percent of class is based on 11,733,750 voting shares as of December 5, 2024.

(3) Includes 4,750,179 shares held in Medisol Limited, formed in Dubai, in which Gregory has beneficial ownership.

PROPOSAL NO.
2

APPROVAL OF Mercurius & Associates LLP AS INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM

Our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year
ended February 28, 2024 is the firm of Mercurius & Associates LLP (Mercurius & Associates). Our Audit Committee
has appointed Mercurius & Associates as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending February 28,
2024. A representative of Mercurius & Associates is expected to attend the annual meeting and to have the opportunity to make a statement,
if he or she desires to do so, and is expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions submitted by stockholders in advance
of the annual meeting.

The Audit Committee, with the endorsement of the Board, recommends
that you ratify that appointment. Although approval is not required by our bylaws or otherwise, we are submitting the selection of Mercurius
& Associates to you for approval as a matter of good corporate practice. If the selection is not approved by a majority of the votes
cast on this proposal at the annual meeting, our Audit Committee will consider whether it is appropriate to select another registered
public accounting firm. Even if the selection is approved, our Audit Committee in its discretion may select a different registered public
accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and our
stockholders.

Change in Certifying Accountant

On July 8, 2024, we dismissed BDO South Africa Inc. as our independent registered
public accounting firm and, on July 8, 2024, we engaged Mercurius & Associates LLP as our independent registered public accounting
firm.

16 

Table of Contents

THE
BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE

APPROVAL OF THE APPOINTMENT OF Mercurius & Associates AS THE COMPANYS

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL 2024.

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

The table below summarizes the requirements for stockholders who wish
to submit proposals or director nominations for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Stockholders are encouraged to consult Rule 14a-8 of
the Exchange Act and our bylaws, as appropriate, to see all applicable requirements.

Proposals for inclusion in

2025 Proxy Statement Other proposals/nominees

to be presented at the

2024 Annual Meeting*

Type of proposal SEC rules permit stockholders to submit proposals for inclusion in our
2024 proxy statement by satisfying the requirements set forth in Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act Stockholders may present proposals or director nominations directly at the 2024
Annual Meeting (and not for inclusion in our proxy materials) by satisfying the requirements set forth in Article II, Section 2.13
of our bylaws**

When proposal must be received by Medinotec No later than September 13, 2025 Not earlier than the close of business on November 19, 2025 and not later
than the close of business on December 18, 2025

Where to send Medinotec Inc., Northlands Deco Park, 10 New Market Street Stand 299, Avant Garde Avenue, North Riding, South Africa 2169

What to include The information required by Rule 14a-8 The information required by our bylaws**

* SEC
rules permit management to vote proxies in its discretion in certain cases if the stockholder does not comply with this deadline, and
in certain other cases notwithstanding the stockholders compliance with this deadline.

** Our bylaws
are available on our website located at www.Medinotec.com under Investor Center.

OTHER MATTERS

As of the date of this proxy statement, no other matter is known which
will be brought before the annual meeting. If any matter not described in this proxy statement is properly presented for a vote at the
meeting, the persons named in the accompanying proxy card will vote in accordance with their best judgment and discretion.

HOUSEHOLDING

In accordance with notices previously sent to many stockholders who
hold their shares through a broker, bank or other holder of record (street-name stockholders) and share a single address,
only one annual report and proxy statement is being delivered to that address unless contrary instructions from any stockholder at that
address were received. This practice, known as householding, is intended to reduce our printing and postage costs. However,
any such street-name stockholder residing at the same address who wishes to receive a separate copy of this proxy statement or the
accompanying annual report on Form 10-K may request a copy by contacting the broker, bank or other holder of record. Alternatively,
we will promptly deliver a separate copy of either of such documents if a street-name stockholder contacts us either by calling +27
87 330 2301 or by writing to Medinotec Inc., Northlands Deco Park, 10 New Market Street Stand 299,
Avant Garde Avenue, North Riding, South Africa 2169 Attn: Corporate Secretary.

Street-name stockholders who are currently receiving householded
materials may revoke their consent, and street-name stockholders who are not currently receiving householded materials may request
householding of our future materials, by contacting Broadridge Financial Services, Inc., either by calling toll free at (866) 540-7095 or
by writing to Broadridge, Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. If you revoke your consent, you will
be removed from the householding program within 30 days of Broadridges receipt of your revocation, and each
stockholder at your address will receive individual copies of our future materials.

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>image_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>image_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mdnc-20250120.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>mdnc-20250120_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>mdnc-20250120_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 333-265368

Entity Registrant Name Medinotec, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001931055

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-4990343

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One Northlands Deco Park

Entity Address, Address Line Two 10 New Market Street

Entity Address, Address Line Three Stand
299 Avant Garde Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Johannesburg

Entity Address, Country ZA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 2169

City Area Code 87

Local Phone Number 330
2301

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://disamedinotec.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mdnc-20250120.xsd 
mdnc-20250120_lab.xml 
mdnc-20250120_pre.xml 
mdnc8k_012025.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001663577-25-000038-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>mdnc8k_012025_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001931055 

2025-01-20 
2025-01-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001931055 
8-K 
2025-01-20 
Medinotec, Inc. 
NV 
333-265368 
36-4990343 
Northlands Deco Park 
10 New Market Street 
Stand 299 Avant Garde Avenue 
Johannesburg 
ZA 
2169 
87 
330 2301 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>