<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-019747.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-019747.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304080523
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-019747
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001937993
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				880860746
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41596
		FILM NUMBER:		25701613

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		822 A1A NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 306
		CITY:			PONTE VEDRA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32082
		BUSINESS PHONE:		904-300-0701

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		822 A1A NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 306
		CITY:			PONTE VEDRA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32082
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231833-8k_cadrenal.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000193799300019379932025-03-032025-03-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):
March 3, 2025

Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-41596 88-0860746

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File
Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

822 A1A North, Suite 306

Ponte Vedra, Florida32082

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code)

(904) 300-0701

(Registrants telephone number including
area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securitiesregistered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share CVKD The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01.Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 3, 2025, Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Company) entered into a Collaboration Agreement (the Collaboration Agreement) with Abbott Global Enterprises
Limited (Abbott) to collaborate on the Phase 3 randomized, warfarin-controlled, multicenter study with an open-label extension
being sponsored by the Company, named TECarfarin Anticoagulation and Hemocompatibility with Left Ventricular Assist Devices
(the Study), to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tecarfarin in patients with a left-ventricular assist device (the
Study Device).

Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, Abbott
will share with the Company data collected by it on the LVAD population via its MOMENTUM 3 and ARIES HM3 US IDE trials and further grant
the Company a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the data for the purposes of the Companys
Study, including support for protocol development, as well as regulatory submissions related to the Study. The Company shall be the regulatory
sponsor of the Study and shall have the obligations of the sponsor pursuant to applicable laws, including, without limitation, monitoring
of the Study and interacting with regulatory authorities with respect to the Study. The Company is pursuing business development strategies,
including licenses and funding partnerships, to support funding the Phase 3 study.

The Collaboration Agreement further provides that
the Company and Abbott will collaborate in the following areas: (1) Biostatistics including Statistical Analysis Plan development, (2)
Site and investigator selection, (3) Site qualification/feasibility, (4) Patient identification and recruitment, and (5) Medical science
liaison support.

The Collaboration Agreement provides that the
Company will own the Study data and grant Abbott a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the Study data for research and development
purposes relating to Abbotts products. The Collaboration Agreement further provides that intellectual property unrelated to the
Study Device that is conceived, first reduced to practice or created solely by the Company in connection with the Study pursuant to the
Collaboration Agreement, will be the sole property of the Company and intellectual property unrelated to tecarfarin that is conceived,
first reduced to practice or created solely by Abbott in connection with the Study pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, will be the
sole property of the Abbott. The Collaboration Agreement also provides that intellectual property conceived, first reduced to practice
or created by either Abbott or the Company as a result of or in connection with the Study under the Collaboration Agreement, and that
(i) uses, incorporates, or directly relates to tecarfarin, and (ii) does not use, incorporate, or directly relate to the Study Device
will be the sole property of the Company. Any intellectual property conceived, first reduced to practice or created by either Abbott or
the Company in connection with the Study pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, and that uses, incorporates, or otherwise directly relates
to the Study Device and does not use, incorporate, or directly relate to tecarfarin will be the sole property of Abbott. The Collaboration
Agreement further provides that the data from the Study may not be used by Abbott to develop or commercialize any other anticoagulant
except when working on the Study Device.

Either party may terminate the Collaboration Agreement
without cause upon sixty days written notice to the other party and immediately upon a material breach by the other party of any provision
of the Collaboration Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Collaboration
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Collaboration Agreement, a copy of which
is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01.Other Events.

On March 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release
announcing the entry into the Collaboration Agreement above. The press release issued in connection with this announcement is attached
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following
exhibits are furnished with this Current Report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit

Number Exhibit Description

10.1 Collaboration
Agreement between Abbott Global Enterprises Limited and Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc.

99.1 Press Release, issued by Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc. on March 4, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within in the inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 4, 2025 CADRENAL THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Quang Pham

Name: Quang Pham

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023183301ex10-1_cadrenal.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COLLABORATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN ABBOTT GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED AND CADRENAL THERAPEUTICS, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT 

This Collaboration Agreement (Agreement)
is effective as of February 27, 2025 (Effective Date), by and between Abbott Global Enterprises Limited (Abbott)
and Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc. (Cadrenal).

WHEREAS, Cadrenal is sponsoring a Phase
3 randomized, warfarin-controlled, multicenter study named TECarfarin Anticoagulation and Hemocompatibility with Left
Ventricular Assist Devices (TECH-LVAD) to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tecarfarin (Study
Drug) in patients with a left-ventricular assist device (Cadrenal Study or Study).

WHEREAS, the Study Drug has received multiple
Orphan Drug Designations from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and Cadrenal intends to develop the Study Drug for one or more orphan/rare
cardiovascular conditions, including patients implanted with LVADs.

WHEREAS, Abbott is the manufacturer
of HeartMate 3 (HM3), a left-ventricular assist-device, (LVAD).

WHEREAS,
Abbott and Cadrenal wish to collaborate on the Cadrenal Study in the LVAD patient population, as described in Exhibit A of the Agreement.

WHEREAS, the Cadrenal
Study will study individuals with a pre-existing LVAD or individuals that will receive a de novo LVAD as a baseline.

WHEREAS, Abbott
has collected certain data on the LVAD population via its MOMENTUM 3 and ARIES HM3 US IDE trials (Abbott Trials).

WHEREAS, Cadrenal desires to use certain
Abbott Trial data to inform its Cadrenal Study development (Study Development).

For good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows.

1. 

Cadrenal
Obligations; Contacts. Cadrenal represents and warrants that each individual performing
Study Development hereunder is an employee, consultant, or subcontractor of Cadrenal and
obligated to terms and conditions no less protective than those stated herein. Cadrenals
contacts with Abbott are Kartik Sundareswaran and Kelly OConnell or whomever Abbott
may designate in writing. Abbotts contact with Cadrenal is Quang X. Pham or whomever
Cadrenal may designate in writing.

2. 

Use of Study
Data and Ownership. As Abbott may reasonably request, and/or as may be set forth in Exhibit A, Cadrenal will submit written reports
on the progress of the Study Development which reports shall be Confidential Information of Cadrenal. The reports shall be in the format,
and address the issues, agreed to by Abbott and Cadrenal.

2.1. Cadrenal shall own the Study Data (defined below), which shall be Cadrenal
Confidential Information. Cadrenal shall provide a copy of the Study Data to Abbott in a format mutually agreed upon by the parties. Cadrenal
hereby grants Abbott a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to analyze and use the Study Data for any of the following
purposes: (i) submissions to regulatory authority(ies) worldwide, including submissions relating to label changes or new indications for
Abbotts products; or (ii) research and development purposes relating to Abbotts products or (iii) compliance with applicable
Laws, including with respect to safety reporting; or (iv) use of summary level Study Data to support Study Device claims. The foregoing
license shall be sublicensable without the prior written consent of Cadrenal only to an Affiliate of Abbott, and transferrable to a third
party in connection with a transfer of all or substantially all of Abbotts interest in the Study Device, provided that any such
sublicensee or transferee shall agree to comply with the provisions of this Section 2 prior to such sublicense or transfer. Abbott is
permitted to disclose the Study Data solely to those of its employees and contractors who need to have access in order to carry out the
purposes set forth above. A written list of all authorized users shall be maintained by Abbott and provided to Cadrenal upon request.
Abbott represents and warrants that each authorized user that is an employee or consultant of Abbott is obligated to terms of confidentiality
and non-disclosure of Abbotts information substantially equivalent to those contained herein.

2.1.1. For the purposes of this Agreement, Study Data means results, records, reports, and
data that are arising out of or generated by the Study in the performance of the Study according to the Protocol, including without
limitation, case report forms, and analyses of any of the foregoing performed according to the Protocol and statistical analysis
plan(s), analyses of biological specimens collected in the Study, and data included in the final clinical study report for the
Study; provided that if any clinical site requests Abbott to enter into a confidentiality agreement it will do so. All Study Data
provided to Abbott shall be de-identified.

3. Data
License. Abbott grants Cadrenal a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable license to access and use certain de-identified information from the Abbott Trials (the Abbott Trials Data),
solely for the purposes of its Cadrenal Study Development as described in Exhibit A , as well as regulatory submissions related
to the Cadrenal Study. The Abbott Trials Data constitutes Abbotts Confidential Information within the meaning of Section 12 below.
Cadrenal is permitted to disclose the Abbott Trials Data solely to those of its employees and contractors who need to have access in order
to carry out the Study Development (Authorized Users). A written list of all Authorized Users shall be maintained by Cadrenal
and provided to Abbott upon request. Cadrenal represents and warrants that each Authorized User that is an employee of Cadrenal is obligated
to terms of confidentiality and non-disclosure of Abbotts information substantially equivalent to those contained herein.

4. Joint
Oversight Committee. Within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, the parties shall
establish a joint oversight committee (the JOC) to support the development
and provide recommendations for consideration for finalization of the Protocol, to manage
the respective contributions of the parties to the Cadrenal Study, and to coordinate the
performance of the respective obligations of the parties in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement. The JOC shall be composed of up to three (3) business and technical representatives
of each party, who shall be appointed (and may be replaced at any time) by such party on
written notice to the other party. Cadrenals initial representatives to the JOC shall
be its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Medical Officer, and Chief Operating Officer. Abbotts
initial representatives to the JOC shall be Kartik Sundareswaran and Kelly OConnell.
Any member of the JOC may designate a substitute to attend and perform the functions of that
member at any meeting of the JOC. One JOC member from each party shall be designated as that
partys JOC Chair. The two JOC Chairs shall jointly send notices and
agendas for all regular JOC meetings to all JOC members. The JOC shall meet monthly or as
mutually agreed by the JOC. In addition, either party may call a JOC meeting by delivering
a written notice of such requested meeting to the other party, and the parties must then
hold a JOC meeting within fifteen (15) business days of receipt of such notice. Meetings
may be held in person, telephonically or by video conference. Each party shall make reasonable
efforts to cause its representatives to attend the meetings of the JOC. If a representative
of a party is unable to attend a meeting, such party may designate an alternate to attend
such meeting in place of the absent representative. In addition, each party may, at its discretion,
invite employees and, with the consent of the other partys JOC Chair, consultants,
or scientific advisors, to attend the meetings of the JOC.

4.1. Each party shall share information arising out of or in connection with the Cadrenal Study with the JOC to the extent necessary to facilitate
mutual understanding of the status of the Cadrenal Study.

4.2. 

The JOC shall provide guidance and support to Cadrenal management for
the Cadrenal Study in the agreed-upon areas of collaboration outlined in Exhibit A of the Agreement.

4.3. 

Intentionally Omitted.

4.4. 

The JOC will
attempt in good faith to reach unanimous consent on all matters of the JOC; provided, however, that if the JOC cannot reach
unanimous consent on a matter within ten (10) business days of attempting to resolve such matter at a duly called JOC meeting, such
matter will be summarized by the JOC and submitted in writing to the designated senior executive officer of each party who has been
duly appointed to act as the representative of the party. Cadrenal hereby appoints Quang X. Pham, as its senior executive officer to
act as its representative for purposes of this paragraph. Abbott hereby appoints Kartik Sundareswaran as its senior executive
officer to act as its representative for purposes of this paragraph. A party may designate a different senior executive
representative at any time by identifying such replacement representative in writing to the other party. The Cadrenal senior
executive officer or its JOC designee shall have the right to make the final determination on matters of the JOC relating to the
conduct of the Study, to the extent such determinations do not create additional obligations for Abbott. The Abbott senior executive
officer or its JOC designee shall promptly provide feedback and review on all of the foregoing.

2

4.5. Protocol Development;
Amendments. Cadrenal will develop the Protocol for the Cadrenal Study, including any
planned statistical or other analyses. Abbott may support the Protocol development to the
extent listed in Exhibit A; however, Cadrenal shall make the final determination as to the
finalization of the Protocol or any amendments.

4.5.1. Thereafter, to the extent that an amendment to the Protocol is necessary
or desirable, including in response to an IRB/IEC or Regulatory Authority, such amendment shall be provided to the JOC for review and
comment prior to its implementation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cadrenal as the sponsor of the Cadrenal Study may, without the prior
approval of the JOC, implement all amendments to the Protocol without the consent of the JOC or Abbott, provided that Cadrenal will promptly
inform Abbott of such amendment and provide a copy of the amendment to Abbott.

5. Study
Obligations.

5.1. Sponsoring party. Cadrenal shall be the regulatory sponsor of the Cadrenal Study and
shall have the obligations of the sponsor pursuant to applicable Laws, including, without limitation, monitoring of the Cadrenal Study
and interacting with regulatory authorities with respect to the Study. Cadrenal may, at its discretion, elect to perform the obligations
of the sponsor of the Study through an Affiliate or a contract research organization (CRO),
provided that Cadrenal shall remain responsible for the performance of any such Affiliate or CRO. Cadrenal will perform its obligations
with reasonable care and diligence and shall have general authority to fulfill its obligations, provided that Cadrenal will regularly
provide information to the JOC relating to the status of the Study. As the sponsor of the Study, and in addition to the further obligations
set forth in this Section 5 and elsewhere in this Agreement, Cadrenal shall have the following responsibilities with respect to the Study
conduct, and the authority to perform such responsibilities: (i) development and authoring of the Protocol and other matters through the
JOC; and (ii) being the sponsor of the Study and interacting with Regulatory Authorities with respect to the Study whether during and
after the Term, including retention of Study documents in accordance with regulatory requirements and its retention policies; and (iii)
overseeing the management and financing of the Study on an ongoing basis; and (iv) entering into contracts with and overseeing the performance
of third-party vendors supporting the Study, including a CRO, if applicable; and (v) communicating with selected Study Sites; and (vi)
conducting Study Site start-up, activation, and closeout activities; and (vii) ensuring the submission of the Protocol, informed consent
forms (or equivalent documents) and other Study subject materials to Regulatory Authorities, Study Sites and IRB/IECs; and (viii) entering
into Clinical Trial Agreements with Study Sites, including non-disclosure agreements with respect to Study start-up, and making payments
to Study Sites in accordance with the Clinical Trial Agreements; and (ix) data and medical monitoring of the Study, and Study Site audits;
and (x) preparing, and providing Abbott an opportunity to review and provide
input to, the final clinical study report(s) and/or statistical analyses of the Study.

5.1.1. For the purposes of the Agreement:

a. Affiliate means, with respect to a particular
party, any other individual, entity, partnership, joint venture, corporation, trust, or unincorporated organization that directly or
indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is in common control with such party. The term controls (with correlative meanings
for the terms controlled by and under common control with) means the ownership, directly or indirectly, of
fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting securities or other ownership interest of entity, or the possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct the management or policies of the entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or
otherwise.

b. Study Site means any individual, person or
entity engaged in the performance of the Study as an investigator or institution, including any person or entity performing any portion
of the Study under the supervision of any of the foregoing.

c. IRB/IEC means a review board or a committee
(institutional, regional, national, or supranational) constituted of medical professionals and non-medical members, whose responsibility
it is to ensure the protection of the rights, safety, and well-being of human subjects involved in a trial and to provide public assurance
of that protection, by, among other things, reviewing and approving/providing favorable opinion on the trial protocol, the suitability
of the investigator(s), facilities, and the methods and material to be used in obtaining and documenting informed consent of the trial
subjects. The term IRB/IEC includes institutional review boards (IRBs) in the United States.

5.2. Non-Sponsoring party. In addition to the further obligations set forth in this Section 5
and elsewhere in this Agreement, Abbott shall have the following obligations with respect to the Study conduct: (i) reviewing and providing
input during the development of the Protocol, a plan for sharing/exchange of Study Data, and other matters through the JOC provided that
Cadrenal shall have the final determination as to all matters related to the Protocol; and (ii) providing accurate and complete information
relating to the Study Device for inclusion in the Protocol, informed consent documents, and as necessary for Cadrenal to comply with the
requirements of Regulatory Authorities with respect to the Study, including material safety information relating to the Study Device that
becomes available during the Study; and (iii) providing input regarding the informed consent forms and other Study subject materials;
and (iv) providing input regarding the selection of Study Sites provided that Cadrenal shall have the final determination; and (v) providing
information about Study Device to Cadrenal as necessary or appropriate to manage Study start-up activities, such as a forecast of Study
Device availability and (vi) coordinating with Cadrenal to address specific requirements of Regulatory Authorities, IRB/IECs, or Study
Sites that relate to the Study Device or matters pertaining to Abbott hereunder, whether during or after the Term.

3

6. Clinical
Trials Listing. As the sponsor of the Study, Cadrenal shall be responsible for listing
the Study, and posting the results of the Study, on public registries such as clinicaltrials.gov
to the extent required by Applicable Laws and Regulations. Abbott shall have the right to
require correction of any erroneous information relating to Abbott or its products contained in such listing
and shall promptly notify Cadrenal of any such error requiring correction.

7. Clinical
Site Arrangements. Cadrenal will, identify and select Study Sites (including principal
investigators) with the facilities, experience, and patient population necessary to perform
the Study. Cadrenal or its designee shall be responsible for providing the Protocol, informed
consent forms and other Study subject information as may be necessary to obtain IRB/IEC and
Regulatory Authority approvals to conduct the Study at each Study Site, and for
entering into Clinical Trial Agreements and other customary agreements with Study Sites relating to the performance of the Study. Each
Clinical Trial Agreement shall provide for the performance of the Study in accordance with the Protocol and Applicable Laws and Regulations
and shall not conflict with this Agreement except with the mutual agreement of the parties. To the extent that a Study Site shall require
ancillary agreements relating to the Study including Abbott as a party thereto, Abbott and Cadrenal shall cooperate to determine the appropriateness,
scope, and content of such agreement. Cadrenal shall be responsible for making payments to the Study Site.

8. Safety
Information. Cadrenal shall define plans for safety management that will be incorporated
into the Protocol and/or shared with Study Sites as appropriate to provide for the evaluation,
submission, and prompt reporting of adverse events and serious adverse events for the Study,
and unanticipated adverse event. Cadrenal shall report all unanticipated adverse device effects
concerning HM3 to Abbott within twenty-four (24) hours of learning of the event and shall
collaborate with Abbott on safety management related to HM3. Cadrenal shall make available
to Abbott promptly such records as may be necessary and pertinent to investigate any such
serious adverse event, if specifically requested by Abbott.

9. Clinical
Hold. If the Study becomes subject to a clinical hold by the FDA under 21 CFR 312.42,
or materially similar order issued by a regulatory authority other than the FDA in a jurisdiction
where the Study is conducted, Cadrenal shall suspend the performance of the Study and comply
with the requirements of the applicable regulatory authority.

10. Investigator
Meetings. Cadrenal may organize one or more investigator meetings and shall provide reasonable
advance notification to Abbott of such meetings if the focus of the meeting is regarding
HM3. Abbott shall have the right to send, at its own expense, representatives to attend and
participate in such meeting. If Abbott chooses to participate in an investigator meeting,
Abbott will provide reasonable advance notification to Cadrenal, and the parties will cooperate
with respect to an agenda.

11. Term
and Termination. This Agreement will be effective upon (Effective Date)
and shall expire on the date of completion of all the obligations of the parties hereunder
(the Term). Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon at
least sixty (60) days written notice to the other party. Either party may terminate this
Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party in the event of a material breach
by the other party of any provision of this Agreement that remains uncured thirty (30) days
following receipt of notice of such breach from the non-breaching party. Termination or expiration
of this Agreement will not affect any rights or obligations which have accrued prior to termination
thereof, or any other rights or remedies provided at law or equity which either party may
otherwise have.

12. Confidential
Information.

12.1. During the Term, including any extension thereof, and for ten (10)
years thereafter, each party agrees that it will not disclose or use the Abbott Trials Data, Study Data or Confidential Information except
as permitted in this Agreement or in writing by the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, obligations of confidentiality and non-use
with respect to any Confidential Information which is a trade secret of a party shall remain in place for so long as the applicable Confidential
Information retains its status as a trade secret under applicable Law. Each party agrees and acknowledges that it will limit access to
Confidential Information to those of its employees or agents that are providing Study Development, Abbott Trials Data, or Study Data hereunder
and such access will be limited to Confidential Information necessary for such employees or agents to provide such Study Development,
Abbott Trials Data, or Study Data. Each party agrees that any of its employees or agents that need to access the Confidential Information
under this Agreement will be bound by obligations to abide by the confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement. Confidential
Information will include all information, Abbott Trials Data, Study Data and materials concerning Abbott or Cadrenal, as applicable
and the Study Development disclosed to the other party by or on behalf of the disclosing party under this Agreement in writing, orally,
visually and/or observed while on the premises of Abbott or a Study Site, except any portion thereof which:

12.1.1. is known to a receiving party as evidenced by its written records,
prior to receipt thereof under this Agreement;

4

12.1.2. is disclosed to a receiving party by a third person after the full
execution of this Agreement, and that third person has a legal right to make such disclosure; or

12.1.3. is or becomes part of the public domain other than through breach of
this Agreement by a receiving party.

12.2. Upon request, a receiving party will return to the disclosing party or destroy all originals and copies
of Confidential Information provided to the receiving party by or on behalf of the disclosing party.

12.3. If, in the reasonable opinion of a receiving partys counsel,
any of the disclosing partys Confidential Information is required to be disclosed pursuant to law, regulation, or court order,
receiving party will give the disclosing party prompt, written notice (and in any case at least five (5) business days notice)
in order to allow the disclosing party to take whatever action it deems necessary to protect its Confidential Information. In the
event that no protective order or other remedy is obtained, or the disclosing party waives compliance with the terms of this Section 12,
receiving party will furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information which receiving party is advised by counsel as being legally
required and will notify the disclosing party in writing of the Confidential Information disclosed.

12.4. No party will disclose to the receiving party any information that
is confidential and/or proprietary to a third party without first obtaining the written consent of both such third party and the intended
recipient.

12.5. Return of Confidential Information. Notwithstanding anything contained
in Section 26.3 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution), the parties hereto agree that remedies at law may be inadequate to protect a disclosing
party against the receiving partys breach of this Section 12, and that disclosing party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief
from any court of competent jurisdiction, without proof of damages, in addition to any other remedies that may be available to disclosing
party at law or equity.

12.6. Except for any disclosure for submission to a regulatory authority
as set forth under this Agreement, the Study Data shall constitute Confidential Information subject to the terms of this Section 12 until
such time as any of the exclusions set forth in Section 12.1 shall apply, except with respect to personal information of a Study subject
which shall remain confidential. Any disclosure of the Study Data by a party shall comply with the requirements of Section 12.

13. Intellectual
Property.

13.1. Definitions:

13.1.1. Intellectual Property means trade secrets,
trademarks, know-how, copyrightable subject matter, patents, patent applications and other proprietary information, activities, and any
ideas, concepts, innovations, Inventions and designs.

13.1.2. Pre-existing Intellectual Property means Intellectual
Property owned by either Abbott or Cadrenal, as evidenced by written records, (i) prior to execution of this Agreement or (ii) that is
conceived, first reduced to practice or created by either Abbott or Cadrenal after execution of this Agreement which is not a result
of or in connection with the Cadrenal Study under this Agreement.

13.1.3. Intentionally Omitted

13.1.4. Study Device means a left ventricular assist device, such as HM3.

13.2. The Abbott Trials Data provided by Abbott to Cadrenal is and remains the property of Abbott.

13.3. Any Intellectual Property that is unrelated to the Study Drug and conceived, first reduced to practice
or created solely by Abbott as a result of or in connection with the Cadrenal Study under this Agreement will be the sole property of
Abbott. Any Intellectual Property that is unrelated to the Study Device and conceived, first reduced to practice or created solely by
Cadrenal as a result of or in connection with the Cadrenal Study under this Agreement will be the sole property of Cadrenal.

13.4. Any Intellectual Property that is conceived, first reduced to practice
or created by either Abbott or Cadrenal as a result of or in connection with the Cadrenal Study under this agreement, and that (i) uses,
incorporates, or directly relates to the Study Device, and (ii) does not use, incorporate, or directly relate to the Study Drug will be
the sole property of Abbott (Study Device Intellectual Property). The Study Device Intellectual Property does not include
Pre-existing Intellectual Property. To the extent that Cadrenal has or obtains rights with respect to Study Device Intellectual Property,
Cadrenal hereby assigns to Abbott all of Cadrenals right, title and interest in Study Device Intellectual Property. In addition,
Cadrenal shall reasonably cooperate with Abbott to execute all documents, at Abbotts expense, that Abbott reasonably determines
to be necessary to secure, perfect, effectuate and preserve Study Device Intellectual Property. For clarity purposes, the Study Data related
to the Study Drug cannot be used by Abbott to develop or commercialize, or collaborate to develop or commercialize, any other anticoagulant,
except when working on the Study Device.

5

13.5. Any Intellectual Property that is conceived, first reduced to practice or created by either Abbott or
Cadrenal as a result of or in connection with the Cadrenal Study under this agreement, and that (i) uses, incorporates, or directly relates
to the Study Drug, and (ii) does not use, incorporate, or directly relate to the Study Device will be the sole property of Cadrenal (Study
Drug Intellectual Property). The Study Drug Intellectual Property does not include Pre-existing Intellectual Property. To the extent
that Abbott has or obtains rights with respect to Study Drug Intellectual Property, Abbott hereby assigns to Cadrenal all of Abbotts
right, title and interest in Study Drug Intellectual Property. In addition, Abbott shall reasonably cooperate with Cadrenal to execute
all documents, at Cadrenals expense, that Cadrenal reasonably determines to be necessary to secure, perfect, effectuate and preserve
Study Drug Intellectual Property.

13.6. Any Intellectual Property that is conceived, first
reduced to practice or created by Cadrenal either solely or jointly as a result of or in connection with the Cadrenal Study under this
agreement, and that uses, incorporates, or directly relates to both the Study Device and the Study Drug (Study Device and Drug
Intellectual Property) will be the sole property of Cadrenal. The Study Device and Drug Intellectual Property does not include
any Pre-existing Intellectual Property. If a label for the Study Device is so updated to include the use of the Study Drug, Cadrenal hereby
grants Abbott and its affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license, to Study Device and Drug Intellectual
Property to use, sell, distribute, manufacture, have made, offer for sale, and distribute the Study Device with a label that includes
the use of the Study Drug. The license granted under this Section 13.6 does not grant (i) a license to Cadrenal Pre-existing Intellectual
Property or (ii) any right to sell, distribute, manufacture, have made, or offer for sale the Study Drug. The foregoing license shall
be transferrable solely to a third party in connection with a transfer of all or substantially all of Abbotts interest in the Study
Device.

14. Presentations
and Publications.

14.1. Publication. Cadrenal shall have the right to the first publication of Study Data (the Initial
Publication).

14.1.1. For the purposes of this Agreement, Study Completion means the date of final database lock
for the Study.

14.2. Secondary Publications. Following the Initial Publication, Abbott shall have the right to perform further
analyses of the Study Data and make secondary publications relating to the Study Data, and Cadrenal shall have the right to perform further
analyses of the Study Data or Study Device data and make secondary publications relating to the Study Drug.

14.3. 

Cadrenal shall submit the Initial Publication and a party shall submit
each proposed secondary publication to the other party not less than thirty (30) days prior to the submission of the proposed publication
for comment and feedback, and shall, at the request of the other party, delete Confidential Information from the disclosing party. To
the extent the parties may grant such rights, each party hereby grants the other party have the right to make and distribute copies of
each secondary publication.

14.4. ICMJE Standards. All publications by a party, including the Initial
Publication and secondary publications, shall comply in all material respects, including with respect to authorship, with the International
Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) Recommendations for the Conduct, Reporting, Editing, and Publication of Scholarly Work in
Medical Journals.

14.5 Study Site Publications. Following the Initial
Publication, if a Study Site proposes a presentation or publication of the results of the Study, the parties shall cooperate to promptly
review such proposed publication prior to its submission for publication in accordance with the relevant Clinical Trial Agreement. To
the extent that Cadrenal shall have rights under such Clinical Trial Agreement affecting Study Data relating to the Study Device to be
presented in such Study Site publication (including, by way of example, the right to require the delay of such publication pending the
protection of intellectual property such as an Invention disclosed in such publication) Cadrenal agrees to use reasonable efforts to exercise
such rights at its own expense.

14.5.1. For the purposes of this Agreement, Clinical Trial Agreement means an agreement (howsoever
titled) with a Study Site for the performance of the Study according to the Protocol.

6

15. Publicity.
Except for purposes of the Study (including, without limitation, identification of a Party
or its Affiliates in the Protocol, a Clinical Trial Agreement, or to a Regulatory Authority),
or if required by law or regulation or in the event of a compelled disclosure in accordance
with Section 12.6, or in connection with a publication made in accordance with Section 14,
neither Party will use the name, trademarks, logos, or other marks of the other Party or
the Affiliates of the other Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; except
that no consent shall be required for publication that was previously disclosed if the prior
disclosure was consented to and neither party has expressly withdrawn such consent. Except
as expressly provided herein, neither Party shall make any public disclosure relating to
this Agreement or the Study except with the agreement of the other Party. Any press release
relating to the Study or the Study Data shall require the prior written approval of both
Parties. The Parties acknowledge that Cadrenal will be required to file a copy of this Agreement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Prior to such filing, Cadrenal shall consider
any request by Abbott that is made at the time of the execution of this Agreement to redact
information that is not material and of the type that Cadrenal or Abbott typical treat as
confidential.

16. Anti-Corruption.
Each party represents and warrants that it is now and shall continue to be in compliance
with all applicable laws, regulations and industry codes of practice related relating to
bribery and corruption. Further, each party represents, warrants, and undertakes that it
and all persons employed or acting on its behalf (including employees, directors, agents,
consultants, or subcontractors) will not:

16.1. give, offer or promise to give, or accept, receive or agree to accept
or receive, directly or indirectly, anything else of value in any form to/from any person to secure a business advantage, to obtain or
retain business advantage, or to direct business to or away from any person/entity to benefit Cadrenal or Abbott. This subsection expressly
applies to any Government Official; or

16.2. provide any facilitation, expediting or grease payment to any Government
Official or employee of a government agency (including government hospitals or healthcare professionals) to expedite or secure the performance
of routine government actions.

16.3. for the purposes of this section, Government Official
means any officer or employee of a government authority or any department, agency or instrumentality thereof, including state-owned and
state-controlled entities, or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of
any such government, department, agency, or instrumentality or on behalf of any such public international organization. Anything
of value includes, but is not limited to, money, Study Development, product samples, commissions, contributions, fees, gifts, bribes,
rebates, payoffs, travel expenses, entertainment, influence payments, kickbacks or any other payment.

16.4. neither it nor any of its owners, partners, officers, directors or
employees is a Government Official (including a government- owned hospital or a government healthcare provider). Cadrenal will notify
Abbott in writing prior to any Cadrenal representative becoming a Government Official during the Term of this Agreement and such individual
will not perform Study Development for Abbott hereunder without Abbotts prior written consent.

16.5. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately by written notice
to the other party if it concludes, in its sole reasonable determination, that the other party has breached this clause or that such a
breach is substantially likely to occur.

17. Representation
and Warranties.

17.1. Each party represents and warrants that neither this Agreement, nor
any payment hereunder, is in exchange for any explicit or implicit agreement or understanding that Cadrenal purchase, lease, order, prescribe,
recommend or otherwise arrange for, or provide formulary or other preferential or qualifying status for the use of Abbott products;

17.2. Each party further represents and warrants that:

17.2.1. It shall perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with applicable Laws, including, without
limitation, the federal anti-kickback statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7(b), as amended) and the related safe harbor regulations; and those
limitations on certain physician referrals, also referred to as the Stark Law (42 U.S.C. 1395nn, as amended), and similar
laws in other jurisdictions where the Study may be conducted.

17.2.2. It will comply with all requirements regarding reporting and management of conflicts of interest and performance
of Study Development does not represent a conflict of interest;

17.2.3. It is not a party to any contract with any third party which prohibits it from performing its obligations
under this Agreement and/or limits its ability to fulfill the terms of this Agreement, and that the terms of this Agreement do not conflict
with the policies of any entity of which it is associated;

17.2.4. It is qualified to perform its obligations as set forth in the Agreement.

7

17.2.5. It is not currently, nor to its knowledge within the past five (5) years from the Effective Date of this
Agreement has it been debarred, disqualified, or excluded under any Applicable Law from: (i) providing goods or Study Development to a
regulated health care company, (ii) participating in clinical research, (iii) participating in a government procurement or non-procurement
program, or (iv) participating in a reimbursed government-funded or financed healthcare program (each, a Restriction). Each
party agrees to promptly notify the other party if any such Restriction is proposed, pending or occurs during the Term. Upon receipt of
notice, a party may elect, in its sole discretion, to immediately terminate this Agreement.

17.2.6. If either party is presently a member of a committee that sets formularies or develops clinical
guidelines, it must disclose to such committee the existence and nature of this relationship in advance of its next meeting. If,
during the Term, either party is asked to be a member of a committee that sets formularies or develops clinical guidelines, it will
disclose to such committee the existence and nature of this Agreement in advance of its participation on such committee. Each party
also agrees to abide by such committees procedures, which may include recusing itself from decisions relating to any product
for which it has provided Study Development under this Agreement. This disclosure requirement will extend for two (2) years beyond
the termination or expiration of this Agreement. If a partys
employees or agents providing Study Development are health care providers (HCPs) and are presently or become a member of a committee that
sets formularies or develops clinical guidelines, such party agrees to require that such employees or agents comply with the terms of
this subsection;

17.2.7. Each employee or agent of a party who is an HCP and providing Study Development under a Statement of Work
(if any), (A) has a current and valid medical license; (B) such license has never been revoked, restricted, or suspended
by a medical board or other licensing agency; (C) his/her privileges or ability to practice have never been revoked, restricted,
or suspended by a health care Cadrenal or other provider of health care Study Development (HCO); and (D) to the best of such partys
knowledge, each such said employee or agent providing Study Development under a Statement of Work (if any), is not under an investigation
that could lead to a revocation, restriction, or suspension of his/her medical license or privileges or ability to practice at an HCO.
In the event that any of the foregoing changes during the Term, a party shall immediately notify the other party, and the other party
shall have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement;

17.2.8. Each party will perform their obligations hereunder using reasonable skill, care and diligence and sound
and professional principles and practices in accordance with normally accepted industry standards;

17.2.9. All subcontractors, personnel, and any Affiliates respective employees, agents, consultants and
independent contractors of a party providing Study Development or Abbott Trials Data or advice or services under this Agreement shall
agree to abide by the terms and conditions hereof; and

18. Compliance

18.1. Fair
Market Value. No funds paid by a Party to the other Party hereunder, or to any third
party in connection with the Study, including any transfer of value to a physician, hospital,
clinic, healthcare practice, or healthcare provider, is intended to be, nor shall it be construed
as: (i) an obligation or inducement, either express or implied, for any person to purchase,
prescribe, provide favorable formulary status, promote or otherwise support any product manufactured,
marketed, or sold by a Party; or (ii) a reward for any such purchase, prescription, promotion
or other support; or (iii) a requirement to refer any patients or other business to a Party,
or enroll any subjects in the Study.

18.2. Third
Party Payors. Neither party shall seek or retain payment from any third-party payor for
any item or service provided or paid for by a party for the performance of the Study in accordance
with the Protocol. The foregoing shall not limit a partys rights to seek reimbursement
for non-research goods or services that are not provided for the performance of the Study.

19. Independent
Contractor. The relationship of the parties under this Agreement is that of independent contractors. Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended
or is to be construed so as to constitute the parties as partners, joint venturers, or one party as an agent or employee of the other
party. Neither party has any express or implied right under this Agreement to assume or create any obligation on behalf of or in the name
of the other party, or to bind the other party to any contract, agreement or undertaking with any third party, and no conduct of a party
will be deemed to infer such right. To the extent Cadrenal engages the Study Development of any individual to support the Study Development
under this Agreement, Cadrenal is responsible for compliance with any applicable employment or tax Laws.

8

20. Indemnification.
Cadrenal agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold Abbott and its Affiliates and their respective
employees, directors, officers, subcontractors, contractors and agents (Abbott Indemnified
Parties) harmless against any liability, judgment, demand, action, suit, loss, damage,
cost and other expense (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees to
consider, advise and defend, and court costs) (Liability) from and against
any third party suit, claim or proceedings brought against Abbott Indemnified Parties arising
directly or indirectly out of or relating to Cadrenals and its Affiliates and their
respective employees, directors, officers, contractors and agents (Cadrenal Indemnified
Parties) (a) negligence, recklessness, willful misconduct; (b) breach
of any material term of this Agreement, including but not limited to the representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement. Abbott agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold
Cadrenal and its Affiliates and their respective employees, directors, officers, subcontractors,
contractors and agents (Cadrenal Indemnified Parties) harmless against any
Liability from and against any third party suit, claim or proceedings brought against Cadrenal
Indemnified Parties arising directly or indirectly out of or relating to Abbott Indemnified
Partys (a) negligence, recklessness, willful misconduct; or (b) breach
of any material term of this Agreement, including but not limited to the representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement..

20.1. CERTAIN DAMAGES EXCLUDED. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 20 WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFICATION
BY A PARTY AGAINST A THIRD-PARTY CLAIM, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EITHER PARTY BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER FROM THE OTHER PARTY ANY CONSEQUENTIAL,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY
OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION RELATING TO THE STUDY OR OTHERWISE RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS SECTION SHALL NOT LIMIT
A PARTYS RIGHT TO SEEK EQUITABLE REMEDIES TO PROTECT ITS CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AS PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

21. Insurance.
Each party agrees to secure and maintain in full force and effect throughout the Term polices
of insurance sufficient to cover its obligations and liabilities herein. Each party agrees
to provide a certificate of insurance or other evidence providing reasonable assurance of
coverage upon the other partys request. request.

22. Transparency
Reporting. Each party acknowledges that the other party may be required to report and
publish certain direct and indirect transfers of value made by the other party to healthcare
providers pursuant to applicable laws and regulations. Indirect transfers of value are those
made on behalf of a party for a healthcare providers benefit (for example, where Abbott
makes an indirect transfer of value to a healthcare provider through Cadrenal, Cadrenal shall
provide Abbott, including its Affiliates, with any and all information necessary for Abbott
to satisfy transfer of value reporting obligations, including, but not limited to, the name
of each and every healthcare provider receiving a transfer of value on behalf of Abbott,
their business address, contact details, license number, qualifications and medical specialties,
amount(s) of the transfer(s) of value, and a description of the nature and purpose of the
transfer of value (for example, meeting registration fees, travel and accommodations). Cadrenal
agrees to promptly provide information regarding transfers of value upon Abbotts request.
Cadrenal further agrees to provide any and all relevant healthcare providers with prior written
notice that the types of information referenced herein will be shared with Abbott so that
Abbott may report the transfers of value as necessary, and that such information will be
made available to the public. Where applicable data protection laws require additional agreements
or undertakings, including international data transfer agreements as a result of data that
is transferred by Cadrenal to Abbott, Cadrenal will undertake to ensure that all necessary
consents and/or agreements are implemented and in place with relevant healthcare providers,
as applicable.

23. Disclaimer.
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, ABBOTT MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
REGARDING THE ABBOTT TRIALS DATA OR ASSOCIATED INFORMATION.

24. Data
Privacy and Security. With respect to Data and Study Data, each party will:

24.1. Comply with all applicable laws and regulations;

24.2. 

Not use it for any unauthorized purpose
or disclose it to any other party;

24.3. 

Adopt all lawful and appropriate technical and organizational measures
to prevent unauthorized or unlawful Processing or accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, Abbott Trials Data and Study Data having
regard to its nature and sensitivity.

24.4. 

Any confidentiality obligations with respect to Abbott Trials Data
and Study Data shall survive the termination or expiration of the Agreement.

24.5. 

Processing means any operation or set of operations that
is performed upon Personal Information, including, but not limited to, organizing, amending, storing, collection, recording, retention,
alteration, use, disclosure, access, transfer, or destruction. This provision will survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.

25. Audit.
During the Term and for one (1) year thereafter, each Party shall make any required records
relating to the Study available for inspection by the other Party at reasonable and mutually
agreeable times and with reasonable frequency. Audits may occur on- site or remotely, as
may be subsequently agreed by the Parties. The Parties shall cooperate with respect to the
scheduling of any such audit. The Representatives of a Party performing an on-site audit
shall comply with the other Partys generally applicable policies and procedures relating
to safety, security, and protection of confidential information during each such audit.

9

26. Miscellaneous

26.1. Assignment/Subcontract. Neither party shall assign this Agreement or
any of its obligations or liabilities hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, and any attempted assignment or
delegation in violation of the foregoing will be void. Each party shall obtain the other partys written consent at least thirty
(30) days before the assignment. Any permitted assignee shall assume all obligations of the assignee under this Agreement, provided, however,
that the assignee shall remain primarily liable for such obligations. In addition, no party shall subcontract or delegate any right or
duty hereunder without the other partys prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party may assign this Agreement
without the consent of the other party upon the sale of all or substantially all of its assets. This Agreement will be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of each Party hereto.

26.2. Notices. Any notices required or permitted under this Agreement will
be in writing, will refer specifically to this Agreement, and will be sent by recognized national or international overnight courier,
confirmed facsimile transmission (provided that duplicative copy is provided via confirmed registered mail or certified
mail), or registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or delivered by hand to the address as set forth herein.
Notices under this Agreement will be deemed to be duly given: (a) when delivered by hand; (b) two days after deposit with a recognized
national or international courier; or (c) on the delivery date indicated in the return receipt for registered or certified mail. A party
may change its contact information immediately upon written notice to the other party in the manner provided in this Section 26.

If to Cadrenal, address
to: with a copy to:

Quang
X. Pham Leslie
Marlow, Partner

Chief
Executive Officer Blank
Rome LLP

822
North A1A, Suite 306 1271
Avenue of the Americas

Ponte
Vedra, FL 32082 New
York, New York, 10020

United
States United
States

If to Abbott: with a copy to:

Kartik
Sundareswaran Divisional
Vice President and Associate General Counsel

DVP,
Global Clinical and Regulatory Affairs HF Corporate
Legal

Abbott
Laboratories Dept.
32RA, Bldg. AP6A-1

6101
Stoneridge Drive Abbott Laboratories 100 Abbott Park Road Abbott Park,

Pleasanton,
CA 94588 IL 60064

United
States 

26.3. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement will be construed,
governed, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, USA, excluding its conflicts of law provisions. If a dispute
arises between the parties, the parties will follow the alternative dispute resolution provisions provided for in the attached Exhibit
B.

26.4. Waiver. No waiver will be implied from conduct or failure to enforce
rights. No provisions of this Agreement will be deemed waived by Abbott unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the authorized
representative of Abbott. Waiver by Abbott of any default by Cadrenal of any provision of this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of
any subsequent or other default.

10

26.5. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed
to be an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement.
Each party acknowledges that an original signature or a copy thereof transmitted by facsimile
or by PDF will constitute an original signature for purposes of this Agreement.

26.6. Survival
and Severability. The following provisions of this Agreement, and any other provisions
of this Agreement that by their nature are intended to survive expiration or termination
of this Agreement, shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement for any
reason: Section 5.1 (Sponsoring Party); Section 5.2 (Non-Sponsoring Party); Section 6 (Clinical
Trials Listing); Section 12 (Confidential Information); Section 13 (Intellectual Property);
Section 18 (Compliance); Section 20 (Indemnification); Section 21 (Insurance); Section 25
(Audit); and Section 26 (Miscellaneous).

26.6.1. Notwithstanding termination of this Agreement for any reason, any rights
and obligations which by the terms of this Agreement survive termination of the Agreement, will remain in full force and effect. If any
provision, right or remedy provided for herein is held to be unenforceable or inoperative by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity
and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not be affected.

26.7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement includes all attached exhibits, all
of which are herein incorporated by reference. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all previous agreements and undertakings with respect thereto. This Agreement may be modified only by written
agreement signed by the parties. If any provision, right or remedy provided for herein is held to be unenforceable or inoperative by a
court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not be affected thereby.

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties
has caused this Agreement to be executed by its authorized representative in its name and on its behalf.

Abbott
Global Enterprises Limited CADRENAL
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Kartik Sundareswaran /s/
Quang X. Pham

Name: Kartik Sundareswaran Name: Quang X. Pham

Title: Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: 2025.03.03 Date: March 3, 2025

12

Attachments

Exhibit A SPECIFICATION OF ABBOTT
TRIALS DATA AND SCOPE OF STUDY DEVELOPMENT

Exhibit B Alternative Dispute Resolution

13

EXHIBIT
A

SPECIFICATION
OF DATA AND SCOPE OF STUDY DEVELOPMENT

1. Abbott
Licensed Data under this Agreement:

Abbott
may provide Data to Cadrenal to the extent necessary to perform the activities and execute its responsibilities under the Agreement.

2. Areas
of Collaboration and Responsibilities:

Cadrenal
is, the Study Sponsor and decision maker for the Study, and some of its obligations under each Study area are outlined below. Abbott
will provide certain support as outlined below:

1. Biostatistics
Including SAP development

2. Site
and Investigator Selection

3. Site
Qualification/Feasibility

4. Patient
Identification and Recruitment

5. Medical
Science Liaison

1. Biostatistics

CADRENAL ABBOTT

Develop
and author the CIP, SAP, and related clinical study documents including CRFs, database development, and safety-related material Provide
data from past clinical studies to support protocol development in relation to HM3 and Abbott Trials Data

Lead
and own regulatory communication Provide
historical clinical data, past statistical assumptions and rationale used in successful regulatory submissions and publications related
to HM3

Develop
podium and publication strategy with Abbotts support related to HM3 and the Abbott Trials Data Provide
feedback on CIP and SAP

Lead
authorship of its publications and presentations related to Study Data Support
regulatory conversations about HM3 and the Abbott Trials Data, as appropriate.

Develop
its publication strategy and support Cadrenal in its publication in relation to HM3 and the Abbott Trials Data.

2. Site
and Investigator Selection

CADRENAL ABBOTT

Create
list of sites and investigators qualified for the Study Provide
support on site and investigator selections to Cadrenal including feedback on sites and investigators proposed by Cadrenal

3. Site
Qualification/Feasibility

CADRENAL ABBOTT

Lead
site qualification process and management, including: When
appropriate, facilitate introductions between Cadrenal and the site personnel during the qualification process

Scheduling
and communication with the site during the Study As
appropriate, attend SQV to provide support related to HM3, the Abbott Trials Data, and other LVAD-related Abbott services and products.

Ensuring
completeness of the Site Qualification Visit (SQV) form and SQV criteria are met Post
SQV, offer comments on sites suitability

Evaluate
sites ability to participate 

Determine
if the site will be invited 

14

4. Patient
Identification and Recruitment

CADRENAL ABBOTT

Own
the data input and development of tracking dashboards As
appropriate, offer learnings from Aries IDE

Develop
content that may be disseminated by Abbott partners Support
HM3 implants

Develop
and drive enrollment strategies May
highlight study and share materials in ongoing Clinical Affairs-and Medical Affairs led customer engagements (e.g. investigator/site
meetings)

Support
on site HM3 implant data collection, if applicable May
help promote customer awareness about Study materials and the Abbott Trials Data, as it relates to HM3

Verify
trial inclusion/exclusion criteria and procedures prior to patient enrollment and implantation Answer
questions about HM3

Define
escalation processes for sites not meeting enrollment targets 

5. Medical
Science Liaison

CADRENAL ABBOTT

Lead
and manage medical science liaison (MSL) engagements and communications in the Study, When
appropriate, support Cadrenal in discussions with KOLs as it relates to HM3 and relevant published data related to it.

Develop
and maintain relationships with Key Opinion Leades (KOLs). 

Develop
content for MSL-related events and activities 

15

EXHIBIT
B

ALTERNATIVE
DISPUTE RESOLUTION

If
a dispute arises between the Parties regarding this Agreement, the Parties will attempt to resolve such dispute in good faith by direct
negotiation by representatives of each Party. If such negotiation does not resolve the matter within twenty-eight (28) days after notice
of the dispute is given, the matter will be resolved by the following alternative dispute resolution (ADR) procedure.

To
begin an ADR proceeding, a Party shall provide written notice to the other Party of the issues to be resolved by ADR. Within fourteen
(14) days after its receipt of notice of ADR, the other Party may, by written notice, add additional issues to be resolved. Within twenty-one
(21) days following receipt of the original ADR notice, the Parties shall select a mutually acceptable independent, impartial and conflicts-free
neutral to preside over the proceeding. If the Parties are unable to agree on a mutually acceptable neutral within such period, each
Party will select one independent, impartial and conflicts-free neutral and those two neutrals will select a third independent, impartial
and conflicts-free neutral within ten (10) days thereafter. None of the neutrals selected may be current or former employees, officers
or directors of either Party or its subsidiaries or affiliates.

The
Parties shall convene in a location mutually agreed upon to conduct a hearing before the neutral no later than fifty-six (56) days after
selection of the neutral (unless otherwise agreed upon by the Parties. The ADR Process shall include a pre-hearing exchange of exhibits
and summary of witness testimony upon which each Party is relying, proposed rulings and remedies on each issue, and a brief in support
of each Partys proposed rulings and remedies not to exceed twenty (20) pages. The pre-hearing exchange must be completed no later than
ten (10) days prior to the hearing date. Any disputes relating to the pre-hearing exchange shall be resolved by the neutral. No discovery
shall be permitted by any means, including depositions, interrogatories, requests for admissions, or production of documents. The hearing
shall be conducted on two (2) consecutive days, with each Party entitled to five (5) hours of hearing time to present its case, including
cross-examination.

The
neutral shall adopt in its entirety the proposed ruling and remedy of one of the Parties on each disputed issue but may adopt one Partys
proposed rulings and remedies on some issues and the other Partys proposed rulings and remedies on other issues. The neutral shall rule
within fourteen (14) days of the hearing, shall not issue any written opinion, and shall not refer any portion of the dispute to mediation
without the Parties prior, written consent. The rulings of the neutral shall be binding, and non-appealable and may be entered as a final
judgment in any court having jurisdiction.

The
neutral(s) shall be paid a reasonable fee plus expenses. These fees and expenses, along with the reasonable legal fees and expenses of
the prevailing party (including all expert witness fees and expenses), the fees and expenses of a court reporter, and any expenses for
a hearing room, shall be paid as follows: (a) If the neutral(s) rule(s) in favor of one party on all disputed issues in the ADR, the
losing party shall pay 100% of such fees and expenses. (b) If the neutral(s) rule(s) in favor of one party on some issues and the other
party on other issues, the neutral(s) shall issue with the rulings a written determination as to how such fees and expenses shall be
allocated between the parties. The neutral(s) shall allocate fees and expenses in a way that bears a reasonable relationship to the outcome
of the ADR, with the party prevailing on more issues, or on issues of greater value or gravity, recovering a relatively larger share
of its legal fees and expenses.

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023183301ex99-1_cadrenal.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, ISSUED BY CADRENAL THERAPEUTICS, INC. ON MARCH 4, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Cadrenal
Therapeutics Announces Collaboration Agreement with Abbott in Support of Pivotal Study of Tecarfarin in Patients with HeartMate 3
LVAD

Strengthens
the Potential for Improved Patient Outcomes through Improvements in the Quality of Anticoagulation,
Enhancing Hemocompatibility in HeartMate 3 LVAD patients

PONTE
VEDRA, Fla., March 4, 2025 -- Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: CVKD), a late-stage biopharmaceutical company
focused on the development of specialized cardiovascular therapeutics, with the late-stage asset tecarfarin, a new oral Vitamin K antagonist
(VKA), today announced the signing of a Collaboration Agreement with Abbott (NYSE: ABT) to support Cadrenals pivotal TECarfarin
Anticoagulation and Hemocompatibility with Left Ventricular Assist Devices (TECH-LVAD) trial.

Under
the terms of the Collaboration and Data Sharing Agreement, Abbott will support Cadrenal on the planning and execution of the TECH-LVAD
trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tecarfarin in patients with LVADs. Under the Agreement, Abbott will share insights
from recent HeartMate 3 trials and will support Cadrenal with: trial design, site identification, trial awareness, and HeartMate
3 expertise.

We
are pleased to have the support of Abbott, a global healthcare leader, which further validates the advancement into late-stage clinical
development of tecarfarin. This partnership strengthens our access to key clinical trial sites and enhances patient enrollment efforts,
said Quang X. Pham, Chief Executive Officer, Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc. Together, we have a unique opportunity to evaluate tecarfarin
in combination with the HeartMate 3 LVAD, advancing our commitment to bringing forward the
first innovation in vitamin K-targeted anticoagulation in over 70 years.

Abbotts
HeartMate 3 LVAD is a mechanical circulatory support device designed for patients with advanced heart failure. Abbotts
heart pumps have set the standard in LVAD therapy. The HeartMate 3 LVAD is the most advanced LVAD yet and the only one currently
available in the United States. According to Business Research Insights, the LVAD market was valued at $1.1 billion in 2023 and is projected
to reach $2.4 billion by 2032.

About
Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc.

Cadrenal
Therapeutics, Inc. is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing specialized therapeutics for rare cardiovascular
conditions. The Company is developing its late-stage asset, tecarfarin, a new oral vitamin K antagonist (VKA) designed to be a better
and safer anticoagulant than warfarin, for individuals with implanted cardiac devices. Although warfarin is widely used off-label for
several rare cardiovascular conditions, extensive clinical and real-world data have shown it to have significant serious side effects.
With its innovation, Cadrenal aims to meet the unmet needs of this patient population by relieving them and their healthcare providers
of some of warfarins greatest clinical challenges.

Cadrenal
is pursuing a product-in-a-pipeline approach with tecarfarin. Tecarfarin received Orphan Drug designation (ODD) for advanced heart failure
patients with implanted left ventricular assist devices (LVADs). The Company also received ODD and fast-track status for tecarfarin in
end-stage kidney disease and atrial fibrillation (ESKD+AFib).

Cadrenal
is opportunistically pursuing business development initiatives with a longer-term focus to build a pipeline of specialized cardiovascular
therapeutics. For more information, visit www.cadrenal.com and connect with us on LinkedIn.

Safe
Harbor 

Any statements contained
in this press release about future expectations, plans, and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not
historical facts, may constitute forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe,
continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan,
potentially, predict, project, should, target, will,
would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements
contain these identifying words. These statements include statements regarding the collaboration strengthening the potential for improved
patient outcomes through improvements in the quality of anticoagulation enhancing hemocompatibility in HeartMate 3 LVAD patients;
Abbott supporting Cadrenal on the planning and execution of the TECH-LVAD trial
to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tecarfarin in patients with LVADs; Abbott sharing insight from recent HeartMate 3 trials
and supporting Cadrenal with: trial design, site identification, trial awareness, and HeartMate 3 expertise; the support of Abbott
further validating the advancement into late-stage clinical development of tecarfarin; bringing forward
the first innovation in vitamin K-targeted anticoagulation in over 70 years; meeting the unmet needs of LVAD patients by relieving
them and their healthcare providers of some of warfarins greatest clinical challenges, Cadrenal building build a pipeline of specialized
cardiovascular therapeutics and the LVAD market being projected to reach $2.4 billion by 2032. Actual results may differ materially from
those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including the ability to utilize Abbotts
expertise to advance tecarfarin, the ability to successfully collaborate with Abbott, the initiation of the pivotal clinical trial for
tecarfarin in LVAD patients by Cadrenal and for Cadrenal to provide improved patients outcomes and efficacy and safety for LVAD patients;
the ability of Cadrenal to build a pipeline of specialized cardiovascular therapeutics and the other risk factors described in the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the Companys subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including subsequent periodic reports on Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Any forward-looking
statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date hereof and, except as required by federal securities laws, the Company
specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events,
or otherwise.

###

Corporate
and Investor Relations

Lisa DeScenza

LaVoieHealthScience

(978) 395-5970

ldescenza@lavoiehealthscience.com

Media

Andrew Korda

LaVoieHealthScience

(617) 865-0043

akorda@lavoiehealthscience.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cvkd-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cvkd-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cvkd-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41596

Entity Registrant Name Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001937993

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0860746

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 822 A1A North

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 306

Entity Address, City or Town Ponte Vedra

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32082

City Area Code 904

Local Phone Number 300-0701

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol CVKD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cadrenal.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cvkd-20250303.xsd 
cvkd-20250303_lab.xml 
cvkd-20250303_pre.xml 
ea0231833-8k_cadrenal.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-019747-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0231833-8k_cadrenal_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001937993 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001937993 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
Cadrenal Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-41596 
88-0860746 
822 A1A North 
Suite 306 
Ponte Vedra 
FL 
32082 
904 
300-0701 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
CVKD 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>