<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-020043.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-020043.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304092104
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-020043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000023197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				112139466
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07928
		FILM NUMBER:		25701798

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		305 N 54TH STREET
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4803332200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		305 N 54TH STREET
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85226

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMTECH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19831215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMTECH LABORATORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780425
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--07-310000023197Comtech Telecommunications Corp.00000231972025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

February 28, 2025 0-7928

Date of Report 

(Date of earliest event reported) Commission File Number

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 11-2139466

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

305 N 54th Street

Chandler, Arizona85226 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(480) 333-2200 

(Registrants telephone number, including area code) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material
pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share CMTL NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

The Amended Credit Agreement

On March 3, 2025, Comtech Telecommunications Corp.
(the Company) entered into the Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement (Amendment No. 2)
with the lenders party thereto, TCW Asset Management Company LLC, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent),
and Wingspire Capital LLC (in such capacity, the Revolving Agent and, together with the Administrative Agent, the Agents)
which amends that certain Credit Agreement, dated June 17, 2024, among the Company, the lenders party thereto and the Agents (as amended
by that certain Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2024, the Existing Credit Agreement
and, as amended by Amendment No. 2, the Amended Credit Agreement).

Amendment No. 2 waives certain defaults or events
of default under the Existing Credit Agreement, including in connection with the Companys Net Leverage Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio covenants for the second fiscal quarter.

Amendment No. 2 also amends the Existing Credit
Agreement to, amongst other things, (i) reduce the interest rate margins applicable to Term Loans (as described in further detail below),
(ii) provide for the right to appoint an independent director to the Companys board of directors following the earlier to occur
of (x) an event of default or (y) any date selected by the Administrative Agent after May 31, 2025, (iii) permit the incurrence of $40.0
million of senior unsecured subordinated debt (as described in further detail below), (iv) suspend the fixed charge coverage ratio and
the net leverage ratio covenants in the Amended Credit Agreement such that the next test will be for the quarter ending on October 31,
2025 (v) reduce the minimum quarterly average liquidity requirement from $20.0 million to $17.5 million and (vi) suspend the Companys
ability to pay interest in-kind until after the interest rate margins are tested based on Net Leverage Ratios.

The Amended Credit Agreement provides that the
interest rate margins on the Term Loans are reduced from 13.00% to 10.50% per annum for SOFR Loans until the first business day of the
month following October 31, 2025, when the Company has delivered financial statements demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants
under the Amended Credit Agreement. If demonstrated, the interest rate margins revert to the margins provided under the Existing Credit
Agreement with respect to Term Loans, specifically, (i) Base Rate Loans shall bear interest at the Base Rate plus an additional margin
ranging from 7.50% to 9.00% and (ii) SOFR Loans shall bear interest at the Term SOFR rate plus an additional margin ranging from 8.50%
to 10.00%, each depending on the Companys Net Leverage Ratio during the applicable determination period ranging from 1.75x to 3.25x,
respectively.

Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement

On March 3, 2025, the Company entered into the
Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Subordinated Credit Agreement (Amendment No. 1) with the guarantors party thereto,
the lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as agent (the Subordinated Agent), which
amends that certain Subordinated Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2024, among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders
party thereto and the Subordinated Agent (the Existing Subordinated Credit Agreement and, as amended by Amendment
No. 1, the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement; the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement, together with the Amended
Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreements).

Amendment No. 1 (x) waives defaults or events
of default under the Existing Subordinated Credit Agreement, including in connection with the Companys Net Leverage Ratio and Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio covenants for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 and (y) amends the Existing Subordinated Credit Agreement to, amongst
other things, (i) provide for the incurrence of a $40.0 million incremental facility (as described in further detail below) and (ii) suspend
the fixed charge coverage ratio and the net leverage ratio covenants in the Credit Agreements such that the next test will be for the
quarter ending on October 31, 2025.

Amendment No. 1 provides for an incremental subordinated
unsecured term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $40.0 million (the Incremental Subordinated Credit Facility).
The Company will use the net proceeds of the Incremental Subordinated Credit Facility to prepay approximately (i) $27.3 million of the
outstanding Term Loans under the Amended Credit Agreement and (ii) $9.1 million of the outstanding Revolving Loans under the Amended Credit
Agreement. As part of this prepayment, the Company will also permanently reduce its Amended Credit Agreement Revolving Commitments by
approximately $3.2 million.

The Incremental Subordinated Credit Facility is
subject to a Make-Whole Amount with respect to certain repayments or prepayments. The Make-Whole Amount is an amount equal to (i) from
the closing date of the Incremental Subordinated Credit Facility (the Incremental Closing Date) through (but not
including) the date that is 9 months thereafter, $40.0 million multiplied by 33.0%, (ii) from the date that is 9 months after the Incremental
Closing Date through (but not including) the date that is the second anniversary of the closing date, $40.0 million multiplied by 50.0%,
(iii) from the second anniversary of the Incremental Closing Date and thereafter, $40.0 million multiplied by 75.0% plus, in the case
of clause (iii), interest accrued on $40.0 million at the Make-Whole Interest Rate (as defined below) starting on the second anniversary
of the Incremental Closing Date and calculated as of any such date of determination. The Make-Whole Interest Rate is a rate equal to 16.0%
per annum, which is increased by 2.0% per annum upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default under the Amended
Subordinated Credit Agreement.

The Incremental Subordinated Credit Facility has
the same terms and is generally subject to the same conditions applicable to the existing subordinated term loans under the Amended Subordinated
Credit Agreement. The other material terms of the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement remain unchanged.

Terms used, but not defined, in this Form 8-K
have the meanings set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement or the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement, as applicable. The foregoing
descriptions of the Credit Agreements are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by the actual terms of the Credit Agreements,
copies of which are attached to this report as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Changes to Convertible Preferred Stock

In connection with the transactions described
above, on March 3, 2025, the Company and certain affiliates and related funds of Magnetar Capital LLC and White Hat Capital Partners LP
(collectively, the Investors) agreed to change certain terms of the Company's Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock,
par value $0.10 per share (the "Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock"). The changes provide (i) the holders of Series
B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (as defined below) with a board observer right and (ii) the Investors with certain information access
rights. White Hat Capital Partners LP, one of the Investors, is affiliated with Mark Quinlan, a member of the Company's Board of Directors.
To effect the changes described above, the Company and the Investors entered into a Subscription and Exchange Agreement (the Subscription
and Exchange Agreement) pursuant to which the Investors (i) exchanged (the Exchange), in a transaction
exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, all of the 175,263.58 shares of Series B-2 Convertible Preferred
Stock outstanding for 175,263.58 shares of the Companys newly issued Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.10 per
share, with an initial liquidation preference of $1,104.48 per share (the per share liquidation preference of the Series B-2 Convertible
Preferred Stock as of the date of issuance), and (ii) received 2,916.76 additional shares of Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively,
the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock). The Company will not receive any cash proceeds from the exchange and
issuance of Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock.

In connection with the closing of the Exchange,
the Company entered into Voting Agreements, substantially consistent with existing agreements, with each of the Investors (together, the
Voting Agreements), pursuant to which the Investors agreed, among other things, subject to the qualifications and
exceptions set forth in the Voting Agreements, to vote their shares of Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock or shares issued upon conversion
of the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock that exceed, in the case of Magnetar, 16.50% of the Companys outstanding voting power
and, in the case of White Hat, 3.4999% of the Companys outstanding voting power as of January 22, 2024, in the same proportion
as the vote of all holders (excluding the Investors) of the Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock or the Companys common stock,
par value $0.10 per share (the Common Stock), as applicable. In connection with the Issuance, the existing voting
agreements, each dated as of October 17, 2024, by and between the Company and the Investors party thereto (collectively, the Prior
Voting Agreements), were terminated.

In connection with the closing of the Exchange,
the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially consistent with existing agreements, with the Investors,
pursuant to which the Company granted the Investors certain customary registration rights with respect to the shares of Common Stock issued
and issuable upon conversion of Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock and upon exercise of Warrants issued in substitution for the Series
B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock in certain circumstances (described below).

The foregoing description of the Subscription
and Exchange Agreement, Voting Agreements and Registration Rights Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to the Subscription and Exchange Agreement, form of Voting Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement, which are attached
hereto as Exhibit 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein.

In connection with the Exchange, the Company issued
an aggregate of 178,180.34 shares of Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock to the Investors pursuant to the Certificate of Designations
of the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation) filed with the Secretary of State
of Delaware on March 3, 2025 in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).

Except for the changes described above, the powers,
preferences and rights of the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock are substantially the same as those of the Series B-2 Convertible
Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, that the shares of Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible into shares
of Common Stock at a conversion price of $7.99 per share of Common Stock (the same as the conversion price of the Series B-2 Convertible
Preferred Stock, and subject to the same adjustments).

The foregoing description of the Series B-3 Convertible
Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Certificate of Designations of the
Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

Like the Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock,
the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock will provide for repurchase of the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock at the Companys
option or the holders options upon the occurrence of specified asset sales. Upon the occurrence of such repurchases by an Investor
or the Company, the Company will issue to each Investor whose shares of Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock were repurchased a warrant
to purchase Common Stock (a Warrant). A Warrant will represent the right to acquire Common Stock, as further described in
the Subscription and Exchange Agreement, for a term of five years and six months from the issuance of such Warrant, in the amount of (x)
the aggregate Liquidation Preference of shares of Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock purchased by the Company divided by (y) the Conversion
Price as of such Optional Repurchase Date or the Optional Call Date, subject to adjustments set forth in the Warrant, and with an initial
exercise price equal to the Conversion Price as of such Optional Repurchase Date or the Optional Call Date, as applicable, in each case,
subject to adjustments substantially similar to the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock. Capitalized terms used but not defined in
this paragraph shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Warrant is not
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of the Warrant, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Following completion of the Exchange and promptly
after the related cancellation of all the outstanding shares of Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company will file a Certificate
of Elimination of Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Certificate of Elimination) with the
Secretary of State of Delaware as part of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation in accordance with the DGCL.

The foregoing description of the Certificate of
Elimination does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Certificate of Elimination which
is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated by reference herein.

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute
an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

Item 1.02. Termination of a Material Definitive
Agreement.

The disclosure required by Item 1.02 of Form 8-K
is incorporated herein by reference to the disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The disclosure required by Item 2.03 of Form 8-K
is incorporated herein by reference to the disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The disclosure required by Item 3.02 of Form 8-K
is incorporated herein by reference to the disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights
of Security Holders

The disclosure required by Item 3.03 of Form 8-K
is incorporated herein by reference to the disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Departure of Director

On February 28, 2025, David B. Kagan notified
the Company of his resignation as a member of the Companys Board of Directors, effective February 28, 2025. Mr. Kagans resignation
was not the result of any disagreement or dispute with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies
or practices.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

The disclosure required by Item 5.03 of Form 8-K
is incorporated herein by reference to the disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description 

3.1 Certificate of Designations designating the Series B-3 Convertible
Preferred Stock

3.2 Form of Certificate of Elimination eliminating the Series B-2 Convertible
Preferred Stock

4.1 Form of Warrant Agreement

10.1 Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March
3, 2025, by and among Comtech Telecommunications Corp., as borrower, the lenders named therein, TCW Asset Management Company LLC,
as term loan agent, and Wingspire Capital LLC, as revolving agent

10.2 Waiver and Amendment No 1. to Subordinated Credit Agreement, dated
as of March 3, 2025, by and among Comtech Telecommunications Corp., as borrower, the guarantors named therein, the lenders named
therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as agent.

10.3 Subscription and Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2025,
by and among Comtech Telecommunications Corp. and the Investors named therein

10.4 Form of Voting Agreement

10.5 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2025, by and
among Comtech Telecommunications Corp. and the Investors named therein

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 4, 2025

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Michael A. Bondi 

Name: Michael A Bondi 

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

Certificate of Designations

Series B-3
Convertible Preferred Stock

March 3, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1

SECTION 2. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 16

SECTION 3. THE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 17

(a) Designation; Par Value 17

(b) Number of Authorized Shares 17

(c) Form, Dating and Denominations 17

(d) Method of Payment; Delay When Payment Date is Not a Business Day; Withholding 18

(e) Transfer Agent; Register 19

(f) Legends 19

(g) Transfers and Exchanges; Transfer Taxes; Certain Transfer Restrictions 20

(h) Exchange and Cancellation of Convertible Preferred Stock to Be Converted or Repurchased 21

(i) Status of Retired Shares 22

(j) Replacement Certificates 22

(k) Registered Holders 22

(l) Cancellation 22

(m) Shares Held by the Company or its Affiliates 22

(n) Outstanding Shares 22

(o) Notations and Exchanges 23

(p) CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 23

SECTION 4. RANKING 24

SECTION 5. DIVIDENDS 24

(a) Generally 24

(b) Participating Dividends 26

(c) Treatment of Dividends Upon Repurchase or Conversion 26

SECTION 6. RIGHTS UPON LIQUIDATION, DISSOLUTION OR WINDING
UP 27

(a) Generally 27

(b) Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets Deemed Not to Be a Liquidation 27

SECTION 7. CHANGE OF CONTROL 28

(a) Change of Control Notice 28

(b) Withdrawal of Change of Control Notice 28

(c) Optional Repurchase or Conversion Right in Connection with a Change of Control 28

(d) Asset Sale Put Right 28

(e) Asset Sale Call Right 29

(f) Payments Upon Change of Control 30

SECTION 8. OPTIONAL REPURCHASE RIGHT OF THE HOLDERS 31

(a) Optional Repurchase Right 31

(b) Optional Repurchase Right in Connection with a Change of Control 31

i

(c) Asset Sale Trigger Repurchase 32

(d) Change in Dividend Rate Following Default 32

(e) Optional Repurchase Date 32

(f) Optional Repurchase Price 32

(g) Procedures to Exercise the Optional Repurchase Right 33

(h) Payment of the Optional Repurchase Price 33

SECTION 9. DIRECTOR NOMINATION RIGHT; VOTING RIGHTS; BOARD
OBSERVATION RIGHTS 34

(a) Right to Nominate Director 34

(b) Voting and Consent Rights with Respect to Specified Matters 35

(c) Right to Vote with Holders of Common Stock on an As-Converted Basis 38

(d) Procedures for Voting and Consents 39

(e) Board Observation Rights. 39

SECTION 10. CONVERSION 40

(a) Generally 40

(b) Conversion at the Option of the Holders 40

(c) Mandatory Conversion at the Companys
Election 40

(d) Conversion Procedures 42

(e) Settlement upon Conversion 43

(f) Conversion Price Adjustments 44

(g) [Intentionally omitted] 48

(h) Limitation on Conversion Right 48

(i) Effect of Common Stock Change Event 49

SECTION 11. CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE ISSUANCE
OF COMMON STOCK 51

(a) Equitable Adjustments to Prices 51

(b) Reservation of Shares of Common Stock 51

(c) Status of Shares of Common Stock 51

(d) Taxes Upon Issuance of Common Stock 51

SECTION 12. CALCULATIONS 52

(a) Responsibility; Schedule of Calculations 52

(b) Calculations Aggregated for Each Holder 52

SECTION 13. TAX TREATMENT 52

SECTION 14. NOTICES 52

SECTION 15. NO OTHER RIGHTS 52

Exhibits 

Exhibit A: Form of Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate A-1

Exhibit B: Optional
Conversion Notice B-1

Exhibit C: Optional Repurchase Notice C-1

Exhibit D: Form of Restricted Stock Legend D-1

Exhibit E: Cash Dividend Election Notice E-1

ii

Certificate of Designations

Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock

Comtech
Telecommunications Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), does hereby certify the following:

On
March 3, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors) adopted the following resolutions,
designating and creating, out of the Two Million (2,000,000) authorized and One Million Eight Hundred Twenty-Four Thousand Seven Hundred
and Thirty-Six and Forty-Two Hundredths (1,824,736.42) unissued shares of preferred stock of the Company, One Hundred Seventy-Eight
Thousand One Hundred Eighty and Thirty Four Hundredths (178,180.34) authorized shares having a par value of $0.10 per share of a series
of preferred stock of the Company titled the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock:

NOW,
THEREFORE, IT BE RESOLVED that, pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law, a series
of preferred stock of the Company titled the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, and having a par value
of $0.10 per share and an initial number of authorized shares equal to One Hundred Seventy-Eight Thousand One Hundred Eighty and Thirty
Four Hundredths (178,180.34), is hereby designated and created out of the Two Million (2,000,000) authorized and One Million Eight Hundred
Twenty-Four Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-Six and Forty-Two Hundredths (1,824,736.42) unissued shares of preferred stock of the Company,
which series has the rights, designations, preferences, voting powers and other provisions set forth below:

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS.

Acquisition
means the acquisition of any Person (including any division thereof) or business, or all, substantially all or a material portion
of the assets of a Person, whether through the acquisition of assets, joint venture, equity acquisition, merger, consolidation or otherwise.

Additional Shares shall have
the meaning set forth in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

Adjusted
Date means April 30, 2027, provided that in the event a CA Satisfaction occurs within ninety (90) days of April 30,
2027, the Adjusted Date shall be the ninetieth (90th) date immediately following the occurrence of such CA Satisfaction.

Affiliate
of any Person means any Person, directly or indirectly, Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with such Person.

Asset Sale has the meaning
set forth in Section 9(b)(i)(8).

Asset Sale Call Purchase Price
means the cash price payable by the Company to redeem any share of Convertible Preferred Stock upon the consummation of a repurchase
pursuant to an exercise of the Asset Sale Call Right, calculated pursuant to Section 7(e)(iv).

Asset Sale Call Notice means
a notice containing the information, or otherwise complying with the requirements, set forth in Section 7(e)(ii).

1

Asset Sale Maximum Redemption Amount
means (i) in connection with the first exercise of the Asset Sale Put Right after the Initial Asset Sale Trigger has occurred, an
amount of Convertible Preferred Stock with an aggregate Optional Repurchase Price equal to 75% of the difference of (A) the Asset
Sale Net Proceeds minus (B) the Asset Sale Trigger Amount, in each case, measured as of such exercise date and (ii) in connection
with any subsequent exercise of the Asset Sale Put Right, an amount of Convertible Preferred Stock with an aggregate Optional Repurchase
Price equal to 75% of any incremental Asset Sale Net Proceeds that have been received since the immediately preceding exercise of the
Asset Sale Put Right.

Asset Sale Net Proceeds means
with respect to any Asset Sale, the amount of cash proceeds received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration
or through the payment of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in connection therewith
after deducting therefrom only (i) reasonable and documented fees, commissions, and expenses related thereto and required to be
paid by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, in connection with such Asset Sale and (ii) taxes paid or payable
to any taxing authorities by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, in connection with such Asset Sale, in each case
to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are, at the time of receipt of such cash, actually paid or payable
to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and are properly attributable to such
transaction.

Asset Sale Put Purchase Price
means the cash price payable by the Company to redeem any share of Convertible Preferred Stock upon the consummation of a repurchase
pursuant to an exercise of the Asset Sale Put Right, calculated pursuant to Section 7(d)(i).

Asset Sale Put Right has
the meaning set forth in Section 7(d)(i).

Asset Sale Put Right Allocation
has the meaning set forth in Section 7(d)(iv).

Asset
Sale Trigger means (i) the first day on which the Company and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries has consummated
one or more Asset Sales after the Issue Date that results in Asset Sale Net Proceeds in excess of the Asset Sale Trigger Amount as measured
on such day (the Initial Asset Sale Trigger); (ii) after the Initial Asset Sale Trigger has occurred, the consummation
of any subsequent Asset Sale; and (iii) after the Initial Asset Sale Trigger has occurred, the receipt by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries of additional Asset Sale Net Proceeds in respect of any Asset Sale that has already occurred.

Asset Sale Trigger Amount
means, as of any measurement date, the lesser of (x) the amount that would be required (including after giving effect to any consent
by the required parties to the Existing Credit Agreement then outstanding) to pay in full all Obligations (as defined in the Existing
Credit Agreement), that are accrued and payable and terminate all Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) and (y) the
amount determined by the Company as necessary to be paid to the lenders party to the Existing Credit Agreement to permit the Holders
of the Convertible Preferred Stock to exercise their Asset Sale Put Right to the maximum extent and the Company to fulfill its obligations
with respect thereto, which amount, in each case, expressly excludes any amount to be paid with respect to the Optional Repurchase (as
defined in the Loan Warrants).

2

Balance Convertible Preferred Stock
has the meaning set forth in Section 8(b).

beneficial
owner and whether shares are beneficially owned will be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act.

Board
of Directors means the Companys board of directors.

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized
or required by law or executive order to close or be closed.

Bylaws
means the Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, dated as of September 26, 2017, as the same may be further amended,
supplemented or restated.

Capital
Stock of any Person means any and all shares of, interests in, rights to purchase, warrants or options for, participations
in, or other equivalents of, in each case however designated, the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible
into such equity. For the avoidance of doubt, Capital Stock of the Company shall include any Dividend Junior Stock, Dividend Parity Stock,
Dividend Senior Stock, Liquidation Junior Stock, Liquidation Parity Stock and Liquidation Senior Stock.

CA
Satisfaction has the meaning set forth in Section 7(c).

Cash
Dividend Election has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a)(ii)(3).

Cash
Dividend Election Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a)(ii)(3).

Certificate
means any Physical Certificate or Electronic Certificate.

Certificate
of Designations means this Certificate of Designations, as amended, amended and restated or supplemented from time
to time.

Certificate
of Incorporation means the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of States
of the State of Delaware on September 6, 2006, as the same may be further amended, supplemented or restated.

Change
of Control means any of the following events:

(a) a
person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company,
its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries or a Holder (together with its Affiliates), has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner
(as defined below) of shares of the Companys common equity representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of all
of the Companys then-outstanding common equity;

(b) the
consummation of (i) any sale, lease or other transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person; or (ii) any transaction or series of related
transactions in connection with which (whether by means of merger, consolidation, share exchange, combination, reclassification, recapitalization,
acquisition, liquidation or otherwise) all of the Common Stock is exchanged for, converted into, acquired for, or constitutes solely
the right to receive, other securities, cash or other property; provided, however, that any merger, consolidation, share exchange
or combination of the Company pursuant to which the Persons that directly or indirectly beneficially owned (as defined
below) all classes of the Companys common equity immediately before such transaction directly or indirectly beneficially
own, immediately after such transaction, more than fifty percent (50%) of all classes of common equity of the surviving, continuing
or acquiring company or other transferee, as applicable, or the parent thereof, in substantially the same proportions vis-a-vis each
other as immediately before such transaction will be deemed not to be a Change of Control pursuant to this clause (b);
or

3

(c) the
Company or its stockholders adopt a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

For
the purposes of this definition, (x) any transaction or event described in both clause (a) and in clause
(b)(i) or (ii) above (without regard to the proviso in clause (b)) will be deemed to occur solely pursuant
to clause (b) above (subject to such proviso); and (y) whether a Person is a

CIC Asset Sale means a Change
of Control pursuant to clause (b)(i) of the definition of Change of Control.

CIC Asset Sale Failure has
the meaning set forth in Section 8(d).

Close
of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock, $0.10 par value per share, of the Company, subject to Section 10(i).

Common Stock Change Event
has the meaning set forth in Section 10(i)(i).

Common Stock Liquidity Conditions
will be satisfied with respect to a Mandatory Conversion if:

(a) either
(i) each Conversion Share would be eligible to be offered, sold or otherwise transferred by the Holder of such share pursuant to
Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), without any requirements as to volume, manner of sale, availability
of current public information (whether or not then satisfied) or notice; or (ii) the offer and sale of such Conversion Share by
such Holder are registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and such registration statement is
reasonably expected by the Company to remain effective and usable by the Holder to sell such Conversion Share continuously during the
period from, and including, the date the related Mandatory Conversion Notice is sent to, and including, the thirtieth (30th) calendar
day after the date such Conversion Share is issued; provided, however, that each Holder will supply all information reasonably
requested by the Company for inclusion, and required to be included, in any registration statement or prospectus supplement related to
the resale of the Conversion Shares; provided, further, that if a Holder fails to provide such information to the Company within
fifteen (15) calendar days following any such request, then this clause (a)(ii) will automatically be deemed to be
satisfied with respect to such Holder;

4

(b) each
Conversion Share referred to in clause (a) above (i) will, when issued (or, in the case of clause (a)(ii),
when sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to the registration statement referred to in such clause) (1) be admitted for
book-entry settlement through the Depositary with an unrestricted CUSIP number; and (2) not be represented by any
Certificate that bears a legend referring to transfer restrictions under the Securities Act or other securities laws; and (ii) will,
when issued, be listed and admitted for trading, without suspension or material limitation on trading, on any of The New York Stock Exchange,
The NYSE American, The NASDAQ Capital Market, The NASDAQ Global Market or The NASDAQ Global Select Market (or any of their respective
successors);

(c) (i) the
Company has not received any written threat or notice of delisting or suspension by the applicable exchange referred to in clause
(b)(ii) above with a reasonable prospect of delisting, after giving effect to all applicable notice and appeal periods; and
(ii) no such delisting or suspension is reasonably likely to occur or is pending based on the Company falling below the minimum
listing maintenance requirements of such exchange;

(d) the
Company has not delivered a notice pursuant to Section 7(a) with respect to an anticipated Change of Control
(unless such notice has been subsequently withdrawn pursuant to Section 7(b)); and

(e) with
respect to any Holder, the Company shall not have provided such Holder information that, at the time such Common Stock Liquidity Condition
is determined, constitutes material non-public information under the U.S. federal securities laws regarding the Company.

Common
Stock Participating Dividend has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b)(i).

Company
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Control
(including its correlative meanings under common Control with and Controlled by) means, with respect
to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of
such Person, whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other interests, by contract or otherwise.

Conversion
Consideration means, with respect to the conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock, the type and amount of consideration
payable to settle such conversion, determined in accordance with Section 10.

Conversion
Date means an Optional Conversion Date or a Mandatory Conversion Date.

Conversion
Price initially means, with respect to any Convertible Preferred Stock issued on or about the Issue Date, $7.99; provided,
however, that the Conversion Price is subject to adjustment pursuant to Sections 10(f). Each reference in this Certificate
of Designations to the Conversion Price as of a particular date without setting forth a particular time on such date will be deemed to
be a reference to the Conversion Price immediately before the Close of Business on such date.

5

Conversion
Share means any share of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock.

Convertible Preferred Stock
has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

Daily
VWAP means, for any VWAP Trading Day, the per share volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock as displayed
under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page CMTL UW (or, if such page is not available,
its equivalent successor page) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the
primary trading session on such VWAP Trading Day (or, if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one (1) share
of Common Stock on such VWAP Trading Day, determined, using a volume-weighted average price method, by a nationally recognized independent
investment banking firm the Board of Directors selects). The Daily VWAP will be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any
other trading outside of the regular trading session.

Degressive
Issuance has the meaning set forth in Section 10(f)(i)(3).

Depositary
means The Depository Trust Company or its successor.

Dividend
means any Regular Dividend or Participating Dividend.

Dividend Adjustment Trigger
means the first day following the redemption of at least fifty percent (50%) of the Series B-3 Preferred Shares pursuant to the
exercise of (x) an Asset Sale Put Right, (y) an Asset Sale Call Right, and/or (z) an Optional Repurchase Right pursuant
to Section 8(b).

Dividend
Junior Stock means any class or series of the Companys or its Subsidiaries stock whose terms do not expressly
provide that such class or series will rank senior to, or equally with, the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of
dividends (without regard to whether or not dividends accumulate cumulatively). Dividend Junior Stock includes the Common Stock.

Dividend
Parity Stock means any class or series of the Companys or its Subsidiaries stock (other than the Convertible
Preferred Stock) whose terms expressly provide that such class or series will rank equally with the Convertible Preferred Stock with
respect to the payment of dividends (without regard to whether or not dividends accumulate cumulatively).

Dividend
Payment Date means each Regular Dividend Payment Date with respect to a Regular Dividend and each date on which any
declared Participating Dividend is scheduled to be paid on the Convertible Preferred Stock.

6

Dividend
Senior Stock means any class or series of the Companys or its Subsidiaries stock whose terms expressly
provide that such class or series will rank senior to the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (without
regard to whether or not dividends accumulate cumulatively).

Effective
Price has the following meaning with respect to the issuance or sale of any shares of Common Stock or any Equity-Linked
Securities:

(a) in
the case of the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock, the value of the consideration received or receivable by (or at the direction
of) the Company or any of its Affiliates for such shares, expressed as an amount per share of Common Stock; and

(b) in
the case of the issuance or sale of any Equity-Linked Securities, an amount equal to a fraction whose:

(i) numerator
is equal to sum, without duplication, of (x) the value of the aggregate consideration received or receivable by (or at the direction
of) the Company or any of its Affiliates for the issuance or sale of such Equity-Linked Securities; and (y) the value of the minimum
aggregate additional consideration, if any, payable to purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Equity-Linked
Securities; and

(ii) denominator
is equal to the maximum number of shares of Common Stock underlying such Equity-Linked Securities;

provided,
however, that:

(w) for
purposes of clauses (a) and (b)(i) above, all underwriting commissions, placement agency commissions or
similar commissions paid to any broker-dealer by the Company or any of its Affiliates in connection with such issuance or sale (excluding
any other fees or expenses incurred by the Company or any of its Affiliates) will be added to the aggregate consideration referred to
in such clause;

(x) for
purposes of clause (b) above, if such minimum aggregate consideration, or such maximum number of shares of Common
Stock, is not determinable at the time such Equity-Linked Securities are issued or sold, then (1) the initial consideration payable
under such Equity-Linked Securities, or the initial number of shares of Common Stock underlying such Equity-Linked Securities, as applicable,
will be used; and (2) at each time thereafter when such amount of consideration or number of shares becomes determinable or is otherwise
adjusted (including pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions), there will be deemed to occur, for purposes of Section 10(f)(i)(3) and
without affecting any prior adjustments theretofore made to the Conversion Price, an issuance of additional Equity Linked Securities;

(y) for
purposes of clause (b) above, the surrender, extinguishment, maturity or other expiration of any such Equity-Linked
Securities will be deemed not to constitute consideration payable to purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock pursuant to
such Equity-Linked Securities; and

7

(z) the
value of any such consideration will be the fair value thereof, as of the date such shares or Equity-Linked Securities,
as applicable, are issued or sold, determined in good faith by the Board of Directors (or, in the case of cash denominated in U.S. dollars,
the face amount thereof).

Electronic
Certificate means any electronic book-entry maintained by the Transfer Agent that represents any share(s) of Convertible
Preferred Stock.

Equity-Linked
Securities means any rights, options or warrants to purchase or otherwise acquire (whether immediately, during specified
times, upon the satisfaction of any conditions or otherwise) any shares of Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Ex-Dividend
Date means, with respect to an issuance, dividend or distribution on the Common Stock, the first date on which shares
of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such issuance,
dividend or distribution (including pursuant to due bills or similar arrangements required by the relevant stock exchange). For the avoidance
of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of the Common Stock under a separate ticker
symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose.

Exempt
Issuance means (a) the Companys issuance or grant of shares of Common Stock or options to purchase shares
Common Stock, or other equity-based awards (including restricted stock units), to employees (or prospective employees who have accepted
an offer of employment), directors or consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, pursuant to plans (i) in existence
as of the Issue Date, or (ii) approved or amended by a majority of the independent members of the Board of Directors, or (iii) assumed
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a transaction approved by a majority of the independent members of the Board
of Directors; (b) the Companys issuance of securities upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of any securities that are
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock and were outstanding as of the Issue Date, provided that
such exercise, exchange or conversion is effected pursuant to the terms of such securities, subject to customary adjustment provisions,
as in effect on the Issue Date; (c) the Companys issuance of securities pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement,
real property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by a majority of the disinterested
members of the Board of Directors; (d) the Companys issuance of the Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the Subscription
and Exchange Agreement and any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock issued thereunder; (e) the
Companys issuance of securities pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest
payable on securities of the Company and the investment of additional optional amounts in Common Stock, whether or not the Company bears
the ordinary costs of administration and operation of the plan, including brokerage commissions; (f) the Companys issuance
of securities pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plan; (g) the Companys issuance of rights to acquire
securities pursuant to any stockholder rights plan approved by a majority of the independent members of the Board of Directors. For purposes
of this definition, consultant means a consultant that may participate in an employee benefit plan in accordance
with the definition of such term in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

8

Existing
Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2024 and as amended on October 17, 2024
and March 3, 2025, by and among the Company, the other borrowers that are parties thereto from time to time, TCW Asset Management
Company LLC, as agent, Wingspire Capital LLC, as revolving agent, and the lenders that are parties thereto from time to time, as in effect
on June 17, 2024, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any further amendment, restatement or replacement entered into in accordance
with Section 9(b)(i)(11).

Expiration Date has the meaning
set forth in Section 10(f)(i)(2).

Expiration Time has the meaning
set forth in Section 10(f)(i)(2).

Floor Price
means, initially, $6.73, subject to adjustment in the same manner and at the same time as the Conversion Price pursuant to Section 10(f)(i)(1).

Holder means a person in
whose name any Convertible Preferred Stock is registered in the Register.

Initial Asset Sale Trigger
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Asset Sale Trigger.

Initial Liquidation Preference
means one thousand one hundred four dollars and forty-eight cents ($1,104.48) per share of Convertible Preferred Stock.

Investors shall have the
meaning set forth in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

Issue Date means March 3,
2025.

January 2024 Additional Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

June 2024 Additional Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

Last Reported Sale Price
of the Common Stock for any Trading Day means the closing sale price per share (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average
of the last bid price and the last ask price per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average last bid prices
and the average last ask prices per share) of the Common Stock on such Trading Day as reported in composite transactions for the principal
U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed. If the Common Stock is not listed on a U.S. national
or regional securities exchange on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the last quoted bid price per share of
Common Stock on such Trading Day in the over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the
Common Stock is not so quoted on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the average of the midpoint of the last
bid price and the last ask price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day from each of at least three nationally recognized independent
investment banking firms the Company selects in good faith.

9

Loan Warrants means the warrants
initially issued to certain lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement on June 17, 2024, as in existence as of the date hereof,
without giving effect to any amendments, waivers or modifications thereunder.

Liquidation Junior Stock
means any class or series of the Companys or its Subsidiaries stock whose terms do not expressly provide that such class
or series will rank senior to, or equally with, the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys
liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Liquidation Junior Stock includes the Common Stock.

Liquidation Parity Stock
means any class or series of the Companys or its Subsidiaries stock (other than the Convertible Preferred Stock) whose
terms expressly provide that such class or series will rank equally with the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution
of assets upon the Companys or such Subsidiarys liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

Liquidation Preference means,
with respect to the Convertible Preferred Stock, an amount initially equal to the Initial Liquidation Preference per share of Convertible
Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Liquidation Preference is subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii)(1).

Liquidation
Senior Stock means any class or series of the Companys or its Subsidiaries stock whose terms expressly provide
that such class or series will rank senior to the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys
or such Subsidiarys liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

Majority Holders has the
meaning set forth in Section 9(a)(i).

Mandatory Conversion has
the meaning set forth in Section 10(c)(i).

Mandatory Conversion Date
means a Conversion Date designated with respect to any Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 10(c)(iii).

Mandatory Conversion Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 10(c)(iv).

Mandatory Conversion Notice Date
means, with respect to a Mandatory Conversion, the date on which the Company sends the Mandatory Conversion Notice for such Mandatory
Conversion pursuant to Section 10(c)(iv).

Mandatory Conversion Right
has the meaning set forth in Section 10(c)(i).

March 2025 Additional Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

10

Market Disruption Event means,
with respect to any date, the occurrence or existence, during the one-half hour period ending at the scheduled close of trading on such
date on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or other market on which the Common Stock is listed for trading or
trades, of any material suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the
relevant exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock.

Maximum Cap has the meaning
set forth in Section 10(h).

October Additional Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

Officer means the Chief Executive
Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller, the Corporate Secretary, or any Vice-President
of the Company.

Open of Business means 9:00
a.m., New York City time.

Optional Conversion means
the conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock other than a Mandatory Conversion.

Optional Conversion Date
means, with respect to the Optional Conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock, the first Business Day on which the requirements set
forth in Section 10(d)(ii) for such conversion are satisfied.

Optional Conversion Notice
means a notice substantially in the form of the Optional Conversion Notice set forth in Exhibit B.

Optional Repurchase means
the repurchase of any Convertible Preferred Stock by the Company pursuant to Section 8.

Optional Repurchase Date
means the date fixed, pursuant to Section 8(e), for the settlement of the repurchase of the Convertible Preferred Stock by
the Company pursuant to an Optional Repurchase.

Optional Repurchase Notice
means a notice (including a notice substantially in the form of the Optional Repurchase Notice set forth in Exhibit C)
containing the information, or otherwise complying with the requirements, set forth in Section 8(g)(i) and Section 8(g)(ii).

Optional Repurchase Price
means the cash price payable by the Company to repurchase any share of Convertible Preferred Stock upon its Optional Repurchase, calculated
pursuant to Section 8(f).

Optional Repurchase Right
has the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

11

Optional Repurchase Trigger Date
means (x) in the event of the occurrence of an Asset Sale Trigger, the consummation of the Asset Sale causing such Asset Sale Trigger,
(y) in the event of a CA Satisfaction, the Adjusted Date, and (z) in all other cases, October 31, 2028.

Ownership
Limit Change has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h).

Ownership Limitation has
the meaning set forth in Section 10(h).

Ownership
Limitation Increase Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h).

Participating Dividend has
the meaning set forth in Section 5(b)(i).

Permitted Equity Issuance
has the meaning set forth in Section 9(b)(i)(2).

Permitted Transferees means
(i) any investment fund, investment vehicle or account Controlled by any Holder or any Affiliate thereof, or (ii) any shareholder,
limited partner, limited liability company member, other equity holder or Affiliate of any Holder or any such investment fund, investment
vehicle or account thereof as a result of any distribution.

Person or person
means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated
organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof. Any division or series of a limited liability company, limited
partnership or trust will constitute a separate person under this Certificate of Designations.

Physical Certificate means
any certificate (other than an Electronic Certificate) representing any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock, which certificate
is substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A, registered in the name of the Holder of such share(s) and duly
executed by the Company and countersigned by the Transfer Agent.

Preferred Stock Director
has the meaning set forth in Section 9(a)(i).

Preferred Stock Director Nomination
Right Condition has the meaning set forth in Section 9(a)(i).

Preferred Stock Nominee has
the meaning set forth in Section 9(a)(i).

Public Announcement means
the disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in
a document publicly filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act.

Qualified Offering means
an offering of any shares of Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Equity-Linked Security or other equity interest
convertible into any Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case for the primary purpose of raising equity
capital, whether pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (other than a registration statement on Form S-4
or Form S-8 or any similar or successor form) or an exemption from the registration requirement under the Securities Act.

12

Record Date means, with respect
to any dividend or distribution on, or issuance to holders of, Convertible Preferred Stock or Common Stock, the date fixed (whether by
law, contract or the Board of Directors or otherwise) to determine the Holders or the holders of Common Stock, as applicable, that are
entitled to such dividend, distribution or issuance.

Reference Property has the
meaning set forth in Section 10(i)(i).

Reference Property Unit has
the meaning set forth in Section 10(i)(i).

Register has the meaning
set forth in Section 3(e).

Regular Dividend Payment Date
means, with respect to any share of Convertible Preferred Stock, each March 31st, June 30th, September 30th and December 31st
of each year, beginning on March 31, 2025 (or beginning on such other date specified in the Certificate representing such share).

Regular Dividend Period means
each period from, and including, a Regular Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Regular Dividend Period, from, and including,
the Issue Date) to, but excluding, the next Regular Dividend Payment Date.

Regular Dividend Rate means,
in each case, subject to increase pursuant to Section 8(d):

(i) prior to a Dividend Adjustment Trigger or a CIC Asset Sale, (x) 9.00%
per annum, or (y) solely in respect of a cash Dividend that is paid in accordance with
(1) the proviso set forth in Section 5(a)(ii)(1), (2) Section 5(a)(ii)(3) or
(3) Section 5(a)(ii)(4), 7.75% per annum;

(ii) from and after the consummation of a CIC Asset Sale that does not
result in a Dividend Adjustment Trigger, the sum of (x) the applicable Regular Dividend
Rate determined pursuant to clause (i) and (y) 2.00% per annum; and

(iii) from and after the occurrence of a Dividend Adjustment Trigger,
(x) 6.50% per annum or (y) from and after the exercise of any Optional Repurchase
Right with respect to Balance Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 8(b),
8.50% per annum.

Regular Dividend Record Date
has the following meaning: (a) March 15th in the case of a Regular Dividend Payment Date occurring on March 31st; (b) June 15th
in the case of a Regular Dividend Payment Date occurring on June 30th; (c) September 15th in the case of a Regular Dividend
Payment Date occurring on September 30th; and (d) December 15th in the case of a Regular Dividend Payment Date occurring
on December 31st.

Regular Dividends has the
meaning set forth in Section 5(a)(i).

13

Related Party Transaction
means any transaction for which disclosure is required pursuant to 17 CFR 229.404.

Restricted
Stock Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit D.

Rule 144 means Rule 144
under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to time.

Rule 5635(b) has the
meaning set forth in Section 10(h).

Securities Act means the
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Security means any Convertible
Preferred Stock or Conversion Share.

Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the principal securities
exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded as in effect on the date of delivery of the applicable Conversion
Notice.

Subscription and Exchange Agreement
means the Subscription and Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2025, by and among the Company and the Investors, as the same
may be amended, supplemented or restated in accordance with its terms.

Subsidiary means, with respect
to any Person, (a) any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a partnership or limited liability company)
of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any
contingency, but after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power)
to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of such corporation, association or other business entity
is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person; and (b) any
partnership or limited liability company where (x) more than fifty percent (50%) of the capital accounts, distribution rights, equity
and voting interests, or of the general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, of such partnership or limited liability company
are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person, whether in the
form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or limited liability company interests or otherwise; and (y) such Person
or any one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person is a controlling general partner of, or otherwise controls, such partnership
or limited liability company.

Successive Conversion Period
means the period beginning upon receipt by the Holders of a notice of a Change of Control and ending on the first year anniversary of
the consummation of the Change of Control.

Successor Person has the
meaning set forth in Section 10(i)(iii).

Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 10(f)(i)(2).

14

Total Subscription Shares
means the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock issued on or about the Issue Date.

Trading Day means any day
on which (a) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which
the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the
principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded; and (b) there is no Market Disruption Event. If the Common Stock
is not so listed or traded, then Trading Day means a Business Day.

Transfer Agent means the
Company or its successor.

Transfer-Restricted Security
means any Security that constitutes a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); provided, however, that
such Security will cease to be a Transfer-Restricted Security upon the earliest to occur of the following events:

(a) such
Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) pursuant to a registration
statement that was effective under the Securities Act at the time of such sale or transfer;

(b) such
Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) pursuant to an available
exemption (including Rule 144) from the registration and prospectus-delivery requirements of, or in a transaction not subject to,
the Securities Act and, immediately after such sale or transfer, such Security ceases to constitute a restricted security
(as defined in Rule 144); and

(c) (i) such
Security is eligible for resale, by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company and that has not been an Affiliate of the Company
during the immediately preceding three (3) months, pursuant to Rule 144 without any limitations thereunder as to volume, manner
of sale, availability of current public information or notice; and (ii) the Company has received such certificates or other documentation
or evidence as the Company may reasonably require to determine that such Security is eligible for resale pursuant to clause
(i) and the Holder, holder or beneficial owner of such Security is not, and has not been during the immediately preceding three
(3) months, an Affiliate of the Company.

Treasury
Regulations means the Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code, as amended.

Voting
Right Expiration Date means the date that is the earlier of (a) October 31, 2028, and (b) the date on
which the Investors (or their Permitted Transferees) no longer own beneficially and of record, in the aggregate, an amount of Convertible
Preferred Stock with an aggregate Liquidation Preference equal to at least $25,000,000 (including, for such purpose, the Liquidation
Preference of any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock previously held by the Investors (or their Permitted Transferees) that were subsequently
converted into Conversion Shares pursuant to a Mandatory Conversion or an Optional Conversion, for so long as the Investors (or their
Permitted Transferees) continue to own beneficially and of record such underlying Conversion Shares).

15

VWAP
Market Disruption Event means, with respect to any date, (a) the failure by the principal U.S. national or regional
securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed, or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional
securities exchange, the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded, to open for trading during its regular trading
session on such date; or (b) the occurrence or existence, for more than one half hour period in the aggregate, of any suspension
or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in
the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock, and such suspension or limitation occurs
or exists at any time before 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on such date.

VWAP
Trading Day means a day on which (a) there is no VWAP Market Disruption Event; and (b) trading in the Common
Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if
the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common
Stock is then traded. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then VWAP Trading Day means a Business Day.

Warrant shall have the meaning
set forth in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

Wholly
Owned Subsidiary of a Person means any Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Capital Stock or other ownership
interests of which (other than directors qualifying shares) are owned by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries
of such Person.

2021 Exchange Shares shall
have the meaning set forth in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

2024 Exchange Shares shall
have the meaning set forth in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

SECTION 2. RULES
OF CONSTRUCTION. For purposes of this Certificate of Designations:

(a) or
is not exclusive;

(b) including
means including without limitation;

(c) will
expresses a command;

(d) the
average of a set of numerical values refers to the arithmetic average of such numerical values;

(e) words
in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular, unless the context requires otherwise;

16

(f) herein,
hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Certificate of Designations as a whole and not to any particular
Section or other subdivision of this Certificate of Designations, unless the context requires otherwise;

(g) references
to currency mean the lawful currency of the United States of America, unless the context requires otherwise;

(h) the
exhibits, schedules and other attachments to this Certificate of Designations are deemed to form part of this Certificate of Designations;
and

(i) with
respect to any defined term defined by reference to the Existing Credit Agreement, in the event of any amendment, restatement or replacement
of the Existing Credit Agreement approved in accordance with Section 9(b)(i)(11), such defined term shall be deemed to be
replaced by any substantially equivalent defined term in such amendment, restatement or replacement.

SECTION 3. THE
CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK.

(a) Designation;
Par Value. A series of stock of the Company titled the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Convertible
Preferred Stock) is hereby designated and created out of the Two Million (2,000,000) authorized and One Million Eight Hundred
Twenty-Four Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-Six and Forty-Two Hundredths (1,824,736.42) unissued shares of preferred stock of the Company.
The par value of the Convertible Preferred Stock is $0.10 per share.

(b) Number
of Authorized Shares. The total authorized number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock is One Hundred Seventy-Eight Thousand
One Hundred Eighty and Thirty Four Hundredths (178,180.34).

(c) Form,
Dating and Denominations.

(i) Form and
Date of Certificates Representing Convertible Preferred Stock. Each Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock will
bear the legends required by Section 3(f) and may bear notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange
rule or usage or the Depositary.

(ii) Certificates.

(1) Generally.
The Convertible Preferred Stock will be originally issued initially in the form of one or more Electronic Certificates. Electronic
Certificates may be exchanged for Physical Certificates, and Physical Certificates may be exchanged for Electronic Certificates upon
request by the Holder thereof pursuant to customary procedures.

(2) Electronic
Certificates; Interpretation. For purposes of this Certificate of Designations, (A) each Electronic Certificate will be deemed
to include the text of the stock certificate set forth in Exhibit A; (B) any legend or other notation that is required
to be included on a Certificate will be deemed to be included in any Electronic Certificate notwithstanding that such Electronic Certificate
may be in a form that does not permit affixing legends thereto; (C) any reference in this Certificate of Designations to the delivery
of any Electronic Certificate will be deemed to be satisfied upon the registration of the electronic book-entry representing such Electronic
Certificate in the name of the applicable Holder; and (D) upon satisfaction of any applicable requirements of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws of the Company, and any related requirements of the Transfer Agent,
in each case for the issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock in the form of one or more Electronic Certificates, such Electronic Certificates
will be deemed to be executed by the Company and countersigned by the Transfer Agent.

17

(iii) No
Bearer Certificates; Denominations. The Convertible Preferred Stock will be issued only in registered form and only in whole numbers
of shares.

(iv) Registration
Numbers. Each Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock will bear a unique registration number that is not affixed
to any other Certificate representing any other outstanding share of Convertible Preferred Stock.

(d) Method
of Payment; Delay When Payment Date is Not a Business Day; Withholding.

(i) Method
of Payment. The Company will pay all cash amounts due on any Convertible Preferred Stock by wire transfer to an account of any Holder
within the United States, so long as such Holder has delivered wire instructions to the Company no later than the Close of Business on
the following date: (x) with respect to the payment of any declared cash Dividend due on a Dividend Payment Date for the Convertible
Preferred Stock, the related Record Date; and (y) with respect to any other payment, the date that is fifteen (15) calendar days
immediately before the date such payment is due; provided, however, that if such Holder has failed to timely deliver such wire
instructions, then the Company will pay all such cash amounts by check issued in the name of the Holder thereof.

(ii) Delay
of Payment when Payment Date is Not a Business Day. If the due date for a payment on any Convertible Preferred Stock as provided
in this Certificate of Designations is not a Business Day, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations,
such payment may be made on the immediately following Business Day and no interest, dividend or other amount will accrue or accumulate
on such payment as a result of the related delay. Solely for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, a day on which the applicable
place of payment is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed will be deemed not to be a Business
Day.

(iii) Withholding.
The Company or any paying agent of the Company shall be entitled to deduct and withhold on all payments (or deemed payments) and
distributions (or deemed distributions) on the Convertible Preferred Stock to the extent required by applicable law. To the extent that
any amounts are so deducted or withheld, such deducted or withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Certificate of Designations
as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction or withholding was made. In the event the Company previously remitted
any amounts to a governmental authority with respect to any amounts required to be deducted or withheld in respect of any payment or
distribution (or deemed distribution) with respect to a share of Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company shall be entitled to offset
any such amounts against any amounts otherwise payable in respect of such share of Convertible Preferred Stock.

18

(e) Transfer
Agent; Register. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as the Transfer Agent. The Company will, or will retain another Person
(who may be the Transfer Agent) to act as registrar who will, keep a record (the Register) of the names and addresses
of the Holders, the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock held by each Holder, including denoting in book-entry format which
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock constitute 2021 Exchange Shares, 2024 Exchange Shares, January 2024 Additional Shares, June 2024
Additional Shares, October 2024 Additional Shares, or March 2025 Additional Shares and the transfer, exchange, repurchase and
conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock. Absent manifest error, the entries in the Register will be conclusive and the Company
and the Transfer Agent may treat each Person whose name is recorded as a Holder in the Register as a Holder for all purposes. The Register
will be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form reasonably promptly. The Company will promptly provide
a copy of the Register to any Holder upon its request.

(f) Legends.

(i) Restricted
Stock Legend.

(1) Each
Certificate representing any share of Convertible Preferred Stock that is a Transfer-Restricted Security will bear the Restricted Stock
Legend.

(2) If
any share of Convertible Preferred Stock is issued in exchange for, in substitution of, or to effect a partial conversion of, any other
share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock (such other share(s) being referred to as the old share(s) for purposes
of this Section 3(f)(i)(2)), including pursuant to Section 3(h) or 3(j), then the Certificate representing
such share will bear the Restricted Stock Legend if the Certificate representing such old share(s) bore the Restricted Stock Legend
at the time of such exchange or substitution, or on the related Conversion Date with respect to such conversion, as applicable; provided,
however, that the Certificate representing such share need not bear the Restricted Stock Legend if such share does not constitute
a Transfer-Restricted Security immediately after such exchange or substitution, or as of such Conversion Date, as applicable.

(ii) Other
Legends. The Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock may bear any other legend or text, not inconsistent with this
Certificate of Designations, as may be required by applicable law or by any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which
such Convertible Preferred Stock is traded or quoted or as may be otherwise reasonably determined by the Company to be appropriate.

(iii) Acknowledgement
and Agreement by the Holders. A Holders acceptance of any Convertible Preferred Stock represented by a Certificate bearing
any legend required by this Section 3(f) will constitute such Holders acknowledgement of, and agreement to comply
with, the restrictions set forth in such legend.

19

(iv) Legends
on Conversion Shares.

(1) Each
Conversion Share will bear a legend substantially to the same effect as the Restricted Stock Legend if the Convertible Preferred Stock
upon the conversion of which such Conversion Share was issued was (or would have been had it not been converted) a Transfer-Restricted
Security at the time such Conversion Share was issued; provided, however, that such Conversion Share need not bear such a legend
if the Company determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such Conversion Share need not bear such a legend.

(2) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 3(f)(iv)(1), a Conversion Share need not bear a legend pursuant to Section 3(f)(iv)(1) if
such Conversion Share is issued in an uncertificated form that does not permit affixing legends thereto, provided the Company
takes measures (including the assignment thereto of a restricted CUSIP number) that it reasonably deems appropriate to
enforce the transfer restrictions referred to in such legend.

(g) Transfers
and Exchanges; Transfer Taxes; Certain Transfer Restrictions.

(i) Provisions
Applicable to All Transfers and Exchanges.

(1) Generally.
Subject to this Section 3(g) and Section 4.3 of the Subscription and Exchange Agreement, Convertible
Preferred Stock represented by any Certificate may be transferred or exchanged from time to time, and the Company will direct that each
such transfer or exchange to be recorded in the Register.

(2) No
Services Charge; Transfer Taxes. The Company will not impose any service charge on any Holder for any transfer, exchange or conversion
of any Convertible Preferred Stock, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer or exchange of Convertible Preferred Stock, other than exchanges pursuant
to Section 3(h) or Section 3(o) not involving any transfer.

(3) [Reserved].

(4) Legends.
Each Certificate representing any share of Convertible Preferred Stock that is issued upon transfer of, or in exchange for, another
share of Convertible Preferred Stock will bear each legend, if any, required by Section 3(f).

(5) Settlement
of Transfers and Exchanges. Upon satisfaction of the requirements of this Certificate of Designations to effect a transfer or exchange
of any Convertible Preferred Stock as well as the delivery of all documentation reasonably required by the Transfer Agent or the Company
in order to effect any transfer or exchange, the Company will direct such transfer or exchange to be effected as soon as reasonably practicable
but in no event later than the second (2nd) Business Day after the date of such satisfaction.

20

(ii) Transfers
of Shares Subject to Repurchase or Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, the
Company will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any share of Convertible Preferred Stock:

(1) that
has been surrendered for conversion; or

(2) as
to which an Optional Repurchase Notice has been duly delivered pursuant to Section 8(g), except to the extent that
the Company fails to pay the related Optional Repurchase Price when due.

(h) Exchange
and Cancellation of Convertible Preferred Stock to Be Converted or Repurchased.

(i) Partial
Conversions or Repurchases of Convertible Preferred Stock. If only a portion of a Holders Convertible Preferred Stock
represented by a Certificate (such Certificate being referred to as the old Certificate for purposes of this Section 3(h)(i))
is to be converted pursuant to Section 10 or repurchased pursuant to an Optional Repurchase, then, as soon as reasonably
practicable after such Certificate is surrendered for such conversion or repurchase, as applicable, the Company will direct such Certificate
to be exchanged for (1) one or more Certificates that (x) each represent a whole number of shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock and, in the aggregate, represent a total number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Convertible
Preferred Stock represented by such old Certificate that are not to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable, (y) are registered
in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 3(f), and deliver such Certificate(s) to
such Holder; and (2) a Certificate representing a whole number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares
of Convertible Preferred Stock represented by such old Certificate that are to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable, which Certificate
will be converted or repurchased, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations; provided, however, that
the Certificate referred to in this clause (2) need not be issued at any time after which such shares subject to such conversion
or repurchase, as applicable, are deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 3(n).

(ii) Cancellation
of Convertible Preferred Stock that Is Converted or Repurchased. If a Holders Convertible Preferred Stock represented
by a Certificate (or any portion thereof that has not theretofore been exchanged pursuant to Section 3(h)(i)) (such Certificate
being referred to as the old Certificate for purposes of this Section 3(h)(ii)) is to be converted pursuant
to Section 10 or repurchased pursuant to an Optional Repurchase, then, promptly after the later of the time such Convertible
Preferred Stock is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 3(n) and the time such Certificate is surrendered
for such conversion or repurchase, as applicable, (A) such Certificate will be cancelled pursuant to Section 3(l); and
(B) in the case of a partial conversion or repurchase, the Company will issue, execute and deliver to such Holder, and cause the
Transfer Agent to countersign one or more Certificates that (x) each represent a whole number of shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock and, in the aggregate, represent a total number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Convertible
Preferred Stock represented by such old Certificate that are not to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable; (y) are registered
in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 3(f).

21

(i) Status
of Retired Shares. Upon any share of Convertible Preferred Stock ceasing to be outstanding, such share will be deemed to be retired
and to resume the status of an authorized and unissued share of preferred stock of the Company, and such share cannot thereafter be reissued
as Convertible Preferred Stock.

(j) Replacement
Certificates. If a Holder of any Convertible Preferred Stock claims that the Certificate(s) representing such Convertible Preferred
Stock have been mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and cause the Transfer
Agent to countersign, in each case in accordance with Section 3(c), a replacement Certificate representing such Convertible
Preferred Stock upon surrender to the Company or the Transfer Agent of such mutilated Certificate, or upon delivery to the Company or
the Transfer Agent of evidence of such loss, destruction or wrongful taking reasonably satisfactory to the Transfer Agent and the Company.
In the case of a lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company and the Transfer
Agent may require the Holder thereof to provide such security or indemnity that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Transfer
Agent to protect the Company and the Transfer Agent from any loss that any of them may suffer if such Certificate is replaced. Every
replacement Convertible Preferred Stock issued pursuant to this Section 3(j) will, upon such replacement, be deemed
to be outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock, entitled to all of the benefits of this Certificate of Designations equally and ratably
with all other Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding.

(k) Registered
Holders. Only the Holder of any Convertible Preferred Stock will have rights under this Certificate of Designations as the owner
of such Convertible Preferred Stock.

(l) Cancellation.
The Company may at any time deliver Convertible Preferred Stock that any Holder has surrendered to the Company to the Transfer Agent
for cancellation. The Company will direct the Transfer Agent to promptly cancel all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock so surrendered
to it in accordance with its customary procedures.

(m) Shares
Held by the Company or its Affiliates. Without limiting the generality of Sections 3(o) and 3(n), in determining
whether the Holders of the required number of outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock have concurred in any direction, waiver
or consent, shares of Convertible Preferred Stock owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be deemed not to be outstanding.

(n) Outstanding
Shares.

(i) Generally.
The shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that are outstanding at any time will be deemed to be those shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock that, at such time, have been duly executed by the Company and countersigned by the Transfer Agent, excluding those shares of Convertible
Preferred Stock that have theretofore been (1) cancelled by the Transfer Agent or delivered to the Transfer Agent for cancellation
in accordance with Section 3(l); (2) paid in full upon their conversion or repurchase in accordance with this
Certificate of Designations; or (3) deemed to cease to be outstanding to the extent provided in, and subject to, clause (ii),
(iii), or (iv) of this Section 3(n).

22

(ii) Replaced
Shares. If any Certificate representing any share of Convertible Preferred Stock is replaced pursuant to Section 3(j),
then such share will cease to be outstanding at the time of such replacement, unless the Transfer Agent and the Company receive proof
reasonably satisfactory to them that such share is held by a bona fide purchaser under applicable law.

(iii) Shares
to Be Converted. If any Convertible Preferred Stock is to be converted, then, at the Close of Business on the Conversion Date
for such conversion (unless there occurs a default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Section 10
upon such conversion): (1) such Convertible Preferred Stock will be deemed to cease to be outstanding; (2) Regular Dividends
will cease to accumulate on such Convertible Preferred Stock from and after such Conversion Date (without limiting the Companys
obligations pursuant to Section 5(c)); and (3) the rights of the Holders of such Convertible Preferred Stock, as such,
will terminate with respect to such Convertible Preferred Stock, other than the right to receive such Conversion Consideration as provided
in Section 10 (and, if applicable, declared Dividends as provided in Section 5(c)).

(iv) Shares
to Be Repurchased Pursuant to an Optional Repurchase. If, on an Optional Repurchase Date, the Company holds consideration
in kind and amount that is sufficient to pay the aggregate Optional Repurchase Price due on such date, then (unless there occurs a default
in the payment of the Optional Repurchase Price) (1) the Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased on such date will be deemed,
as of such date, to cease to be outstanding (without limiting the Companys obligations pursuant to Section 5(c));
and (2) the rights of the Holders of such Convertible Preferred Stock, as such, will terminate with respect to such Convertible
Preferred Stock, other than the right to receive the Optional Repurchase Price as provided in Section 8 (and, if applicable,
declared Dividends as provided in Section 5(c)).

(o) Notations
and Exchanges. Without limiting any rights of Holders pursuant to Section 9, if any amendment, supplement or waiver to
the Certificate of Incorporation or this Certificate of Designations changes the terms of any Convertible Preferred Stock, then the Company
may, in its discretion, require the Holder of the Certificate representing such Convertible Preferred Stock to deliver such Certificate
to the Transfer Agent so that the Transfer Agent may place an appropriate notation prepared by the Company on such Certificate and return
such Certificate to such Holder. Alternatively, at its discretion, the Company may, in exchange for such Convertible Preferred Stock,
issue, execute and deliver, and cause the Transfer Agent to countersign, in each case in accordance with Section 3(c), a
new Certificate representing such Convertible Preferred Stock that reflects the changed terms. The failure to make any appropriate notation
or issue a new Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 3(p) will not impair
or affect the validity of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

(p) CUSIP
and ISIN Numbers. The Company may use one or more CUSIP or ISIN numbers to identify any of the Convertible Preferred Stock, and,
if so, the Company will use such CUSIP or ISIN number(s) in notices to Holders; provided, however, that the effectiveness
of any such notice will not be affected by any defect in, or omission of, any such CUSIP or ISIN number.

23

SECTION 4. RANKING.
The Convertible Preferred Stock will rank (a) senior to (i) Dividend Junior Stock with respect to the payment of dividends;
and (ii) Liquidation Junior Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or
winding up; (b) equally with (i) Dividend Parity Stock with respect to the payment of dividends; and (ii) Liquidation
Parity Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and (c) junior
to (i) Dividend Senior Stock with respect to the payment of dividends; and (ii) Liquidation Senior Stock with respect to the
distribution of assets upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

SECTION 5. DIVIDENDS.

(a) Generally.

(i) Regular
Dividends.

(1) Accumulation
and Payment of Regular Dividends. The Convertible Preferred Stock will accumulate cumulative dividends at a rate per annum equal
to the Regular Dividend Rate on the Liquidation Preference thereof (calculated in accordance with Section 5(a)(i)(2)), regardless
of whether or not declared or whether or not funds are legally available for their payment (such dividends that accumulate on the Convertible
Preferred Stock pursuant to this sentence, Regular Dividends). Subject to the other provisions of this Section 5
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Section 5(a)(ii)(1), Section 5(a)(ii)(3) and Section 5(a)(ii)(4)),
such Regular Dividends will be payable when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, quarterly in arrears on each Regular Dividend
Payment Date, to the Holders as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding Regular Dividend Record Date. Dividends shall be
paid in cash only to the extent funds are legally available. Regular Dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock will accumulate on
a daily basis from, and including, the last date to which Regular Dividends have been paid (or, if no Regular Dividends have been paid,
from, and including, the Issue Date), in each case to, but excluding, the next Regular Dividend Payment Date.

(2) Computation
of Accumulated Regular Dividends. Accumulated Regular Dividends will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve
30-day months. Regular Dividends on each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will accrue on the Liquidation Preference of such share
as of immediately before the Close of Business on the preceding Regular Dividend Payment Date (or, if there is no preceding Regular Dividend
Payment Date, on the Initial Liquidation Preference of such share).

(ii) Method
of Payment; Payments in Kind.

(1) Generally.
Subject to Section 5(a)(ii)(3) and Section 5(a)(ii)(4) below, as of the Close of Business on any
Regular Dividend Payment Date the dollar amount of the Regular Dividends (regardless of whether or not declared) that have accumulated
on the Convertible Preferred Stock in respect of the Regular Dividend Period ending on, but excluding, such Regular Dividend Payment
Date (expressed as an amount per share of Convertible Preferred Stock) will (without duplication) be added, effective immediately before
the Close of Business on the related Regular Dividend Payment Date, to the Liquidation Preference of each share of Convertible Preferred
Stock outstanding as of such time; provided, however, that such addition shall not occur nor be required if as of the Close of
Business on such Regular Dividend Payment Date, the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, subject to Section 5(a)(ii)(3) and
Section 5(a)(ii)(4), has paid in cash the full amount of the Regular Dividends (regardless of whether or not declared) that
have accumulated on the Convertible Preferred Stock in respect of the Regular Dividend Period ending on, but excluding, such Regular
Dividend Payment Date.

24

(2) Construction.
Any Regular Dividends the amount of which is added to the Liquidation Preference thereof pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii)(1) will
be deemed to be declared and paid on the Convertible Preferred Stock for all purposes of this Certificate
of Designations.

(3) Following
CA Satisfaction. With respect to all Regular Dividend Payment Dates occurring after the Adjusted Date (commencing with the Regular
Dividend Payment Date occurring on June 30, 2027) and provided a CA Satisfaction has then occurred, each Holder shall, individually
with respect to each share of Convertible Preferred Stock held thereby, have the right to elect to receive Regular Dividends in cash
by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to Section 5(a)(i) (a Cash Dividend Election)
or by adding to the Liquidation Preference of applicable Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii)(1). In
the event of a Cash Dividend Election with respect to a Regular Dividend Period, a Holder shall deliver written notice of such election
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (a Cash Dividend Election Notice) to the Company on or prior
to the corresponding Regular Dividend Record Date. In the event no Cash Dividend Election Notice is delivered by a Holder with respect
to a Regular Dividend Period prior to the corresponding Regular Dividend Record Date, the Company shall retain the discretion with respect
to such Regular Dividend Period to add the dollar amount of Regular Dividends to the Liquidation Preference of applicable Convertible
Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii)(1).

(4) Following
Default. With respect to all Regular Dividend Payment Dates following any failure by the Company to timely pay the Optional
Repurchase Price in respect of any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with the exercise of any Optional Repurchase Right
by a Holder pursuant to Section 8(a) or Section 8(b), which failure is not a CIC Asset Sale Failure (other
than in respect of Balance Convertible Preferred Stock), and provided a CA Satisfaction has then occurred, commencing with the Regular
Dividend Payment Date immediately following such failure, and with respect to all subsequent Regular Dividend Payment Dates, each Holder
shall, individually with respect to each share of Convertible Preferred Stock held thereby, have the right to elect to receive Regular
Dividends in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to Section 5(a)(i) or by adding to the Liquidation
Preference of applicable Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii)(1). In the event of a Cash Dividend Election
with respect to a Regular Dividend Period, a Holder shall deliver a Cash Dividend Election Notice to the Company on or prior to the corresponding
Regular Dividend Record Date. In the event no Cash Dividend Election Notice is delivered by a Holder with respect to a Regular Dividend
Period prior to the corresponding Regular Dividend Record Date, the Company shall retain the discretion with respect to such Regular
Dividend Period to add the dollar amount of Regular Dividends to the Liquidation Preference of applicable Convertible Preferred Stock
pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii)(1).

25

(b) Participating
Dividends.

(i) Generally.
Subject to Section 5(b)(ii), no dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock (whether in cash, securities or other
property, or any combination of the foregoing) will be declared or paid on the Common Stock unless, at the time of such declaration and
payment, an equivalent dividend or distribution is declared and paid, respectively, on the Convertible Preferred Stock in the form and
manner set forth below (such a dividend or distribution on the Convertible Preferred Stock, a Participating Dividend,
and such corresponding dividend or distribution on the Common Stock, the Common Stock Participating Dividend),
such that (1) the Record Date and the payment date for such Participating Dividend occur on the same dates as the Record Date and
payment date, respectively, for such Common Stock Participating Dividend; and (2) subject to the last sentence of this Section 5(b)(i),
the kind and amount of consideration payable per share of Convertible Preferred Stock in such Participating Dividend is the same kind
and amount of consideration that would be payable in the Common Stock Participating Dividend in respect of a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issuable (determined in accordance with Section 10 but
without regard to Section 10(e)(ii) and Section 10(h)) in respect of one (1) share of Convertible Preferred
Stock that is converted with a Conversion Date occurring on such Record Date. With respect to any Common Stock Participating Dividend
that is in the form of cash, in lieu of cash payment thereof, as of the Close of Business on the payment date for such Common Stock Participating
Dividend, the dollar amount of any such Common Stock Participating Dividend (expressed as an amount per share of Convertible Preferred
Stock) will (without duplication) be added, effective immediately before the Close of Business on such payment date, to the Liquidation
Preference of each share of Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of such time.

(ii) Common
Stock Change Events and Stock Splits, Dividends and Combinations. Section 5(b)(i) will not apply to, and
no Participating Dividend will be required to be declared or paid in respect of a Common Stock Change Event or an event for which an
adjustment to the Conversion Price is required (or would be required without regard to Section 10(f)(iii)) pursuant to Section 10(f)(i)(1),
as to which Section 10(i) or Section 10(f)(i)(1), respectively, will apply.

(c) Treatment
of Dividends Upon Repurchase or Conversion. If the Optional Repurchase Date or Conversion Date of any share of Convertible Preferred
Stock is after a Record Date for a declared Dividend on the Convertible Preferred Stock and on or before the next Dividend Payment Date,
then the Holder of such share at the Close of Business on such Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding the related Optional Repurchase
or conversion, as applicable, to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such Dividend Payment Date, such declared Dividend
on such share. Solely for purposes of the preceding sentence, and not for any other purpose, a Dividend will be deemed to be declared
only to the extent that it is declared for payment in cash. Except as provided in this Section 5(c), Regular Dividends on
any share of Convertible Preferred Stock will cease to accumulate from and after the Optional Repurchase Date or Conversion Date, as
applicable, for such share, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the related Optional Repurchase Price or Conversion Consideration,
as applicable.

26

SECTION 6. RIGHTS
UPON LIQUIDATION, DISSOLUTION OR WINDING UP.

(a) Generally.
If the Company liquidates, dissolves or winds up, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, then, subject to the rights of any of the
Companys creditors or holders of any outstanding Liquidation Senior Stock, each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will entitle
the Holder thereof to receive payment for the greater of the amounts set forth in clause (i) and (ii) below out
of the Companys assets or funds legally available for distribution to the Companys stockholders, before any such assets
or funds are distributed to, or set aside for the benefit of, any Liquidation Junior Stock:

(i) the
sum of:

(1) the
Liquidation Preference per share of Convertible Preferred Stock; and

(2) all
unpaid Regular Dividends that will have accumulated on such share to, but excluding, the date of such payment; and

(ii) the
amount such Holder would have received in respect of the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issuable (determined in accordance
with Section 10 but without regard to Section 10(e)(ii) and Section 10(h)) upon conversion
of such share of Convertible Preferred Stock assuming the Conversion Date of such conversion occurs on the date of such payment.

Upon
payment of such amount in full on the outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock, Holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock will have no
rights to the Companys remaining assets or funds, if any. If such assets or funds are insufficient to fully pay such amount
on all outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable in respect of all outstanding shares of
Liquidation Parity Stock, if any, then, subject to the rights of any of the Companys creditors or holders of any outstanding Liquidation
Senior Stock, such assets or funds will be distributed ratably on the outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock and Liquidation
Parity Stock in proportion to the full respective distributions to which such shares would otherwise be entitled.

(b) Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets Deemed Not to Be a Liquidation. For purposes of Section 6(a), the Companys consolidation
or combination with, or merger with or into, or the sale, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the Companys
assets (other than a sale, lease or other transfer in connection with the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to,
another Person will not, in itself, constitute the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up, even if, in connection therewith,
the Convertible Preferred Stock is converted into, or is exchanged for, or represents solely the right to receive, other securities,
cash or other property, or any combination of the foregoing.

27

SECTION 7. CHANGE
OF CONTROL.

(a) Change
of Control Notice. On or before the twentieth (20th) Business Day before the effective date (or anticipated effective
date) of a Change of Control (or, if later, promptly after the Company discovers that a Change of Control may occur), the Company will
send to each Holder a notice of such Change of Control (either concurrently with or after the Public Announcement of the same information)
containing the following information:

(1) a
brief description of the events causing such Change of Control;

(2) the
effective date (or anticipated effective date) of such Change of Control;

(3) the
Optional Repurchase Price per share of Convertible Preferred Stock, assuming for such purpose that the Optional Repurchase Date is the
effective date (or anticipated effective date) of such Change of Control; and

(4) the
Conversion Price in effect on the date of such notice and a description and quantification of any adjustments to the Conversion Price
that may result from such Change of Control.

(b) Withdrawal
of Change of Control Notice. If the underlying Change of Control has been terminated or cancelled and the Company has previously
delivered a notice pursuant to Section 7(a) with respect to such Change of Control, the Company shall withdraw such
notice by delivering a written notice of withdrawal to the Holders at any time before the effective date (or anticipated effective date)
of such Change of Control that was previously contained in such original notice.

(c) Optional
Repurchase or Conversion Right in Connection with a Change of Control. Prior to the consummation of any Change of Control, each Holder
shall have the right (i) subject to Section 10(b)(iii), to exercise an Optional Conversion in respect of any and all
of its Convertible Preferred Stock prior to or contingent upon the consummation of such Change of Control or (ii) subject to Section 8(b) to
exercise an Optional Repurchase Right in respect of any and all of its Convertible Preferred Stock (A) contingent upon the consummation
of such Change of Control or (B) if after the Optional Repurchase Trigger Date, at any time prior to the consummation of such Change
of Control. The Holders and the Company agree that following the exercise by the Holders of an Optional Repurchase Right pursuant to
the preceding sentence, any obligation of the Company to pay the Optional Repurchase Price to the Holders is and shall be subordinate
in right of payment to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement). Unless otherwise
agreed in writing by the required parties to the Existing Credit Agreement, until both (1) the Obligations (as defined in the Existing
Credit Agreement) shall have been paid in full in cash, and (2) all of the Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement)
shall have been terminated ((1) and (2) collectively, a CA Satisfaction), no payment of any kind or character
may be made to or received by the Holders, whether in cash or other property (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Conversion Shares
issued upon any accompanying conversion) and including by way of set-off, in respect of the Optional Repurchase Right exercised, as applicable,
in accordance with this Section 7(c) (and the holders of such Obligations are hereby designated as intended third party
beneficiaries of the foregoing).

(d) Asset
Sale Put Right.

(i) Asset
Sale Put Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, each Holder will have the right (the
Asset Sale Put Right) to require the Company to repurchase certain shares of such Holders Convertible Preferred
Stock, not to exceed such Holders Asset Sale Put Right Allocation of the applicable Asset Sale Maximum Redemption Amount,
in accordance with Section 8(a) following the occurrence of an Asset Sale Trigger and, as may be designated by such
Holder, at any time within 90 days thereafter. The Asset Sale Put Purchase Price for any share of Convertible Preferred Stock to be redeemed
pursuant of the exercise of the Asset Sale Put Right is an amount equal to the Optional Repurchase Price pursuant to Section 8(f) in
respect of an Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(a) (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any portion of the full
Dividend scheduled to be paid on any Dividend Payment Date that is not declared and paid in cash and is added to the Liquidation Preference
of such share pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) will be included in the Asset Sale Put Purchase Price).

28

(ii) Asset
Sale Trigger Notice. On or before the twentieth (20th) Business Day before the effective date (or anticipated effective
date) of an Asset Sale Trigger (or, if later, promptly after the Company discovers that an Asset Sale Trigger may occur), the Company
will send to each Holder a notice of such Asset Sale Trigger (either concurrently with or promptly after the Public Announcement of the
same information) containing the following information:

(1) a
brief description of the events causing such Asset Sale Trigger;

(2) the
effective date (or anticipated effective date) of such Asset Sale Trigger;

(3) the
Optional Repurchase Price per share of Convertible Preferred Stock, assuming for such purpose that the Optional Repurchase Trigger Date
is the effective date (or anticipated effective date) of such Asset Sale Trigger; and

(4) the
Conversion Price in effect on the date of such notice and a description and quantification of any adjustments to the Conversion Price
that may result from such Asset Sale Trigger.

(iii) Asset
Sale Proceeds. Contemporaneously with any Asset Sale Trigger, the Company shall apply the proceeds from all such subject Asset Sales
to repay in full all Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) and terminate the Commitments (as defined in the Existing
Credit Agreement), in each case, to the extent necessary (including after giving effect to any consent by the required parties to the
Existing Credit Agreement then outstanding, but expressly excluding any payment with respect to the Optional Repurchase (as defined in
the Loan Warrants)) to permit the Holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock to exercise their Asset Sale Put Right to the maximum extent
and the Company to fulfill its obligations with respect thereto (and the holders of such Obligations are hereby designated as intended
third party beneficiaries of the foregoing). Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the required parties to the Existing Credit Agreement,
until a CA Satisfaction has occurred, no payment of any kind or character may be made to or received by the Holders, whether in cash
or other property and including by way of set-off, in respect of the Asset Sale Put Right exercised, as applicable, in accordance with
this Section 7(d) (and the holders of such Obligations are hereby designated as intended third party beneficiaries of
the foregoing).

(iv) Allocation
of Asset Sale Put Right. For purposes of this Section 7(d),
the Asset Sale Put Right shall be allocated among the Holders as follows: with respect to each Holder, the Asset Sale Maximum Redemption
Amount multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock issued to such initial
Holder pursuant to the Subscription and Exchange Agreement on the Issue Date and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of
all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock issued to the initial Holders pursuant to the Subscription and Exchange Agreement on the Issue
Date (with respect to each initial Holder, the Asset Sale Put Right Allocation). In the event that any initial Holder
of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Holders Convertible Preferred Stock, the
transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such initial Holders Asset Sale Put Right Allocation with respect to such
portion of such Convertible Preferred Stock transferred, and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with
respect to the portion of the Asset Put Right Allocation allocated to such transferee. The foregoing shall apply similarly and equally
to successive transfers of Convertible Preferred Stock.

(e) Asset
Sale Call Right.

(i) Asset
Sale Call Right. The Company will have the right (the Asset Sale Call Right) to repurchase all, or any whole
number of shares that is less than all, of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock immediately following the occurrence of an Asset Sale
Trigger (other than an Asset Sale Trigger that would result in, or otherwise constitute, a Change of Control).

(ii) Delivery
of Asset Sale Call Notice. To exercise an Asset Sale Call Right for any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company
must deliver to each Holder an Asset Sale Call Notice which states:

(1) if
such share(s) are represented by one or more Physical Certificates, the certificate number(s) of such Physical Certificates;

(2) the
number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased, which must be a whole number;

(3) that
the Company is exercising its Asset Sale Call Right with respect to such share(s); and

(4) that
the Companys election to effect its exercise of the Asset Sale Call Right is contingent upon the consummation of such Asset Sale
Trigger.

29

(iii) Delivery
of Asset Sale Call Notice is Irrevocable. Once delivered in accordance with this Section 7(e), an Asset Sale Call Notice
will be irrevocable; provided, however, that if the Asset Sale Trigger is not consummated, such Asset Sale Call Notice shall be deemed
to be withdrawn.

(iv) Asset
Sale Call Purchase Price. The Asset Sale Call Purchase Price for any share of Convertible Preferred Stock to be redeemed pursuant
of the exercise of the Asset Sale Call Right is an amount equal to the Optional Repurchase Price pursuant to Section 8(f) in
respect of an Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(a) (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any portion of the full
Dividend scheduled to be paid on any Dividend Payment Date that is not declared and paid in cash and is added to the Liquidation Preference
of such share pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) will be included in the Asset Sale Call Purchase Price); provided that
in the event the Asset Sale Call Right is exercised in respect of Balance Convertible Preferred Stock, the Asset Sale Call Purchase Price
for any such share shall be the amount equal to the Optional Repurchase Price pursuant to Section 8(f) in respect of
an Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(b).

(v) Funds
Legally Available for Payment of Asset Sale Call Purchase Price. The Company will not exercise its Asset Sale Call Right pursuant
to this Section 7(e), unless the Company has sufficient funds legally available to fully pay the Asset Sale Call Purchase
Price in respect of all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock elected for repurchase pursuant to the exercise of such Asset Sale Call
Right.

(vi) Asset
Sale Call Repurchase Date. The date of the consummation of the repurchase of any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to
the exercise of the Asset Sale Call Right will be the later of (i) the tenth (10th) Business Day after the date the Company
has duly delivered the Asset Sale Call Notice to each Holder pursuant to Section 7(e)(ii) and (ii) the Asset Sale
Trigger.

(vii) Payment
of the Asset Sale Call Purchase Price. The Company will cause the Asset Sale Call Purchase Price for each share of Convertible Preferred
Stock to be redeemed pursuant to the exercise of the Asset Sale Call Right to be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the applicable
date of the consummation of such repurchase of such share pursuant to the exercise of such Asset Sale Call Right.

(viii) Selection
of Convertible Preferred Stock Subject to Partial Asset Sale Call Repurchase. If less than all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock
then outstanding are repurchased pursuant to the exercise of the Asset Sale Call Right, then the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock
to be subject to such repurchase will be selected by the Company pro rata.

(f) Payments
Upon Change of Control. In the event the Asset Sale Call Right is exercised pursuant to Section 7(e) or the Asset
Sale Put Right is exercised pursuant to Section 7(d) and within two years of the consummation of the applicable repurchase
(a) a Change of Control occurs, (b) the Company enters into a definitive agreement with respect to a Change of Control or (c) the
Company enters into, participates in or engages in discussions or negotiations with any Person with respect to a Change of Control and,
in the case of clause (b) or (c), a Change of Control occurs on or prior to six months following the end of such twenty-four month
period, then, contemporaneous with the consummation of such Change of Control, the Company shall make a cash payment to each Holder of
repurchased Convertible Preferred Stock, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account provided by such Holder in writing
to the Company, in an aggregate amount equal to the difference, if positive, obtained by deducting (x) the sum of (i) the Asset
Sale Call Purchase Price or Asset Sale Put Purchase Price actually paid to such Holder in respect of such repurchased Convertible Preferred
Stock and (ii) the value received by such Holder in such Change of Control with respect to the Warrant issued to such Holder in
connection with such Asset Sale Call Right or Asset Sale Put Right, as mutually and reasonably agreed by the Company and such Holder,
from (y) the Optional Repurchase Price which would have been payable upon such Change of Control to such Holder with respect to
an exercise of an Optional Repurchase Right pursuant to Section 8(b) with respect to such repurchased Convertible Preferred
Stock. Unless and until a CA Satisfaction has occurred, no payment of any kind or character may be made to or received by the Holders,
whether in cash or other property and including by way of set-off, in accordance with this Section 7(f).

30

SECTION 8. OPTIONAL
REPURCHASE RIGHT OF THE HOLDERS.

(a) Optional
Repurchase Right. Subject to the other terms of this Section 8, each Holder will have the right (the Optional
Repurchase Right) to require the Company to repurchase all, or any whole number of shares that is less than all, of such Holders
Convertible Preferred Stock on an Optional Repurchase Date occurring on or after the Optional Repurchase Trigger Date (determined pursuant
to Section 8(e)) for an amount equal to the Optional Repurchase Price per share (determined pursuant to Section 8(f)),
except if covered by Section 8(b); provided that in the event of an Asset Sale Trigger, the Company shall not be required
to repurchase Convertible Preferred Stock that would cause the Asset Sale Maximum Redemption Amount to be exceeded or make any payment
for such repurchase if not permitted pursuant to Section 7(d)(iii) (for the avoidance of doubt, in the event of the
occurrence of successive Asset Sale Triggers, each such Asset Sale Trigger shall entitle the Holders to exercise its Optional Repurchase
Right with respect to such Holders shares of Convertible Preferred Stock up to the Asset Sale Maximum Redemption Amount in respect
of the Asset Sale causing such Asset Sale Trigger); provided further that in the event of an Asset Sale Trigger and a CA Satisfaction
occurring at the same time, each Holder may in its sole discretion elect an Optional Repurchase Trigger Date pursuant to clause (x) or
clause (y) of such definition. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holders and the Company agree that any obligation of the Company
to repurchase all or any Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 8(a) is and shall be subordinate in right
of payment to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement).

(b) Optional
Repurchase Right in Connection with a Change of Control. Subject to Section 7(c) and the other terms of this Section 8,
each Holder shall also be able to exercise the Optional Repurchase Right to require the Company to repurchase all, or any whole number
of shares that is less than all, of such Holders Convertible Preferred Stock on an Optional Repurchase Date occurring on the date
of the consummation of a Change of Control, including, without limitation, a CIC Asset Sale (whether before or after the Optional Repurchase
Trigger Date) for a cash purchase price equal to the Optional Repurchase Price. If upon a CIC Asset Sale a Holder elects to exercise
its Optional Repurchase Right pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence with respect to less than all of such Holders Convertible
Preferred Stock (the amount of Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to which such Holder does not elect to exercise an Optional Repurchase
Right, the Balance Convertible Preferred Stock), such Holders Optional Repurchase Right with respect to such
CIC Asset Sale shall be preserved and tolled until (x) the consummation of another Change of Control following the applicable CIC
Asset Sale, (y) the occurrence of an Asset Sale Trigger following the applicable CIC Asset Sale; provided that in the event
of such Asset Sale Trigger, the Company shall not be required to repurchase Convertible Preferred Stock that would cause the Asset Sale
Maximum Redemption Amount to be exceeded or make any payment for such repurchase if not permitted pursuant to Section 7(d)(iii) (for
the avoidance of doubt, in the event of the occurrence of successive Asset Sale Triggers, each such Asset Sale Trigger shall entitle
the Holders to exercise its Optional Repurchase Right with respect to such Holders shares of Convertible Preferred Stock up to
the Asset Sale Maximum Redemption Amount of the Asset Sale causing such Asset Sale Trigger) or (z) the Adjusted Date, in each case,
after which date such Holder may at its discretion exercise its Optional Repurchase Right with respect to the Balance Convertible Preferred
Stock at an Optional Repurchase Price calculated pursuant to Section 8(f)(A)(ii) (other than in respect of Additional
Shares, for which the Optional Repurchase Price shall be calculated pursuant to Section 8(f)(A)(i)). A Holder delivering
an Optional Repurchase Notice pursuant to this Section 8(b) in connection with a Change of Control shall specify in
such Optional Repurchase Notice that its election to effect such Optional Repurchase is contingent upon the consummation of such Change
of Control. Any such Optional Repurchase shall not occur until such time as such Change of Control has been consummated, and if such
Change of Control is not consummated, such Optional Repurchase Notice shall be deemed to be withdrawn. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Holders and the Company agree that any obligation of the Company to repurchase all or any Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 8(b) is and shall be subordinate in right of payment to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations
(as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement).

31

(c) Asset
Sale Trigger Repurchase. A Holder delivering an Optional Repurchase Notice pursuant to Section 8(a) in connection
with an Asset Sale Trigger shall specify in such Optional Repurchase Notice that its election to effect such Optional Repurchase is contingent
upon the consummation of such Asset Sale Trigger. Any such Optional Repurchase shall not occur until such time as such Asset Sale Trigger
has been consummated, and if such Asset Sale Trigger is not consummated, such Optional Repurchase Notice shall be deemed to be withdrawn.

(d) Change
in Dividend Rate Following Default. In the event the Company fails to timely pay the Optional Repurchase Price in respect of any
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with the exercise of any Optional Repurchase Right by a Holder pursuant to Section 8(a) or
Section 8(b), in addition to any other rights or remedies such Holder may have under applicable law, the Regular Dividend
Rate with respect to any such shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that have not been repurchased as required by Section 8(a) or
Section 8(b), as applicable, shall be:

(i) increased
initially to the sum of (x) the then-applicable Regular Dividend Rate plus (y) 2.00% per annum; provided, that the increase
pursuant to this Section 8(d)(i) shall not apply in the event of a failure to timely pay the Optional Repurchase Price
in connection with a CIC Asset Sale (such failure, a CIC Asset Sale Failure), and

(ii) increased
thereafter (or increased initially in the case of a failure of the Company to timely pay the applicable Optional Repurchase Price in
connection with a CIC Asset Sale Failure) by an additional 1.00% per annum on each subsequent Regular Dividend Payment Date; provided,
that the maximum increase of the Regular Dividend Rate pursuant to this clause (ii) shall not exceed 8.00% per annum; provided
further, that in the event of a CIC Asset Sale Failure prior to the Adjusted Date, the increases pursuant to this clause (ii) shall
not commence until the Adjusted Date (for the avoidance of doubt, this proviso shall not apply to the exercise of an Optional Repurchase
in respect of any Balance Convertible Preferred Stock following such initial CIC Asset Sale).

(e) Optional
Repurchase Date. The Optional Repurchase Date for the Optional Repurchase of any share of Convertible Preferred Stock will be (i) in
the case of (x) an Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(a) other than an Asset Sale Trigger Repurchase or
(y) an Optional Repurchase in connection with clause (z) of the second sentence of Section 8(b), the tenth
(10th) Business Day after the date the Holder of such share has duly delivered the Optional Repurchase Notice relating to such share
to the Company pursuant to Section 8(g); provided, however, that the Optional Repurchase Date will in no event be
before the Optional Repurchase Trigger Date, (ii) in the case of an Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(b) that
is not the subject of the immediately preceding clause (i)(y) or the immediately succeeding clause (iii), the date
of the consummation of the Change of Control; provided that in the event the Optional Repurchase is in respect of Balance Convertible
Preferred Stock in connection with clause (x) of the second sentence of Section 8(b), the Optional Repurchase
Date shall be the date of such applicable Change of Control, or (iii) in the event of an Asset Sale Trigger Repurchase pursuant
to Section 7(d) or in the event of an Optional Repurchase in connection with clause (y) of the second sentence
of Section 8(b), on the date elected by the Holder in the Optional Repurchase Notice being between the date of the consummation
of such Asset Sale Trigger and no later than 90 days following the consummation of such Asset Sale Trigger.

(f) Optional
Repurchase Price. The Optional Repurchase Price for any share of Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased upon an Optional Repurchase
pursuant to Section 8(a) or Section 8(b) will be an amount in cash equal to the product of (A) (i) 1.0
(in the case of an Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(a) or, solely with respect to Additional Shares, pursuant
to Section 8(b)) or (ii) 1.5 (in the case of an Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(b) other
than in respect of Additional Shares) and (B) the sum of (x) the Liquidation Preference of such share, plus (y) accumulated
and unpaid Dividends on such share from, and including, the last date on which Dividends have been paid thereon (or, if no Dividends
have been paid, from, and including, the Issue Date) to, but excluding, such Optional Repurchase Date (to the extent such accumulated
and unpaid Dividends are not included in such Liquidation Preference), together with the issuance of Warrants to purchase the applicable
number of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 4.9 of the Subscription and Exchange Agreement; provided, however,
that if such Optional Repurchase Date is after a Dividend Record Date for a declared Dividend on the Convertible Preferred Stock that
has been declared for payment in cash and on or before the next Dividend Payment Date, then (1) pursuant to Section 5(d),
the Holder of such share at the Close of Business on such Dividend Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Optional Repurchase,
to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such Dividend Payment Date, such declared cash Dividend on such share; and
(2) the Optional Repurchase Price will not include such declared cash Dividend on such share (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any
portion of the full Dividend scheduled to be paid on such Dividend Payment Date that is not declared and paid in cash and is added to
the Liquidation Preference of such share pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) will be included in the Optional Repurchase Price).

32

(g) Procedures
to Exercise the Optional Repurchase Right.

(i) Delivery
of Optional Repurchase Notice and Shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to be Repurchased. To exercise its Optional Repurchase Right
for any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock, the Holder thereof must deliver to the Company:

(1) a
duly completed, written Optional Repurchase Notice with respect to such share(s); and

(2) such
share(s), duly endorsed for transfer;

provided,
however, that, with respect to any Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(a), no such Optional Repurchase Notice
may be delivered before, and each purported delivery of an Optional Repurchase Notice will be deemed null and void if delivered before,
the tenth (10th) Business Day before the Optional Repurchase Trigger Date.

(ii) Contents
of Optional Repurchase Notices. Each Optional Repurchase Notice with respect to any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock
must state:

(1) if
such share(s) are represented by one or more Physical Certificates, the certificate number(s) of such Physical Certificates;

(2) the
number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased, which must be a whole number;

(3) that
such Holder is exercising its Optional Repurchase Right with respect to such share(s); and

(4) if
applicable, that such Holder is exercising its Optional Repurchase Right pursuant to Section 8(b) in connection
with a Change of Control, in which case such Optional Repurchase Notice shall specify that such Holders election to effect such
Optional Repurchase is contingent upon the consummation of such Change of Control; provided that no such specification shall be
required with respect to Balance Convertible Preferred Stock.

(iii) Delivery
of Optional Repurchase Notice is Irrevocable. Once delivered in accordance with this Section 8(g), an Optional
Repurchase Notice will be irrevocable subject to Section 8(b) (in the case of an Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(b) in
connection with a Change of Control) and Section 8(c) (in the case of an Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(a) in
connection with an Asset Sale Trigger).

(h) Payment
of the Optional Repurchase Price. Subject to Section 7(c), Section 7(d) and Section 8(d),
the Company will cause the Optional Repurchase Price for each share of Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased pursuant to an Optional
Repurchase to be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the later of (i) the applicable Optional Repurchase Date; and (ii) the
second Business Day after the date any Physical Certificate representing such share is delivered to the Company.

33

SECTION 9. DIRECTOR
NOMINATION RIGHT; VOTING RIGHTS; BOARD OBSERVATION RIGHTS. The Convertible Preferred Stock will have no voting rights except as set
forth in this Section 9 or as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or required by the Delaware General Corporation
Law.

(a) Right
to Nominate Director.

(i) Generally.
For so long as the Investors (or their Permitted Transferees) own, in the aggregate, beneficially and of record an amount of Convertible
Preferred Stock with an aggregate Liquidation Preference equal to at least $25,000,000 (including, for such purpose, the Liquidation
Preference of any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock previously held by the Investors (or their Permitted Transferees) that were subsequently
converted into Conversion Shares pursuant to a Mandatory Conversion or an Optional Conversion, for so long as the Investors (or their
Permitted Transferees) continue to own beneficially and of record such underlying Conversion Shares) (the Preferred Stock Director
Nomination Right Condition), the Investors representing at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Convertible
Preferred Stock then outstanding (the Majority Holders) will have the right, exercisable by written consent of the
Majority Holders to nominate one (1) person to serve on the Board of Directors (such nominee, the Preferred Stock Nominee,
and such director, the Preferred Stock Director). The initial Preferred Stock Nominee shall be Mark R. Quinlan.
For so long as the Preferred Stock Director Nomination Right Condition continues to be satisfied, the Company shall nominate the Preferred
Stock Nominee as designated by the Majority Holders in writing for election (or re-election, as applicable) as a director at the end
of each term of the Preferred Stock Director as part of the slate proposed by the Company that is included in the proxy statement (or
consent solicitation or similar document) of the Company relating to the election of the Board of Directors. At such time as the Preferred
Stock Director Nomination Right Condition is no longer satisfied, the Preferred Stock Director shall offer in writing to resign from
the Board of Directors and any committees thereof effective as of a date within thirty (30) days after the first date that the Preferred
Stock Director Nomination Right Condition is no longer satisfied, and, from and after such date, neither the Investors (nor their Permitted
Transferees) shall have any rights under this Section 9(a).

(ii) Removal
and Vacancies of the Preferred Stock Director.

(1) [Reserved].

(2) Filling
Vacancies. At all times when the Preferred Stock Director Nomination Right Condition is satisfied, a vacancy in the office of the
Preferred Stock Director (other than vacancies before the initial election and designation of the Preferred Stock Director) shall only
be filled by the written consent of the Majority Holders and the Company shall cause such Preferred Stock Nominee to fill such resulting
vacancy.

34

(iii) Preferred
Stock Director Qualifications. Each Preferred Stock Nominee, including any Preferred Stock Nominee filling a vacancy in the office
the Preferred Stock Director, shall (1) meet all requirements regarding service as a director of the Company under applicable
law and stock exchange rules regarding service as a director of the Company and all other criteria and qualifications for service
as a director applicable to all directors of the Company, including the Companys Standards of Business Conduct and Corporate Governance
Guidelines, and (2) make himself or herself reasonably available for interviews and consent to such reference and background checks
or other investigations as the Board of Directors may reasonably request (and consistent with those performed on other directors of the
Company) to determine the Preferred Stock Nominees eligibility and qualification to serve as a director of the Company. No Preferred
Stock Nominee shall be eligible to serve on the Board of Directors if he or she has been involved in any of the events enumerated under
Item 2(d) of Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act or Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, is a Bad
Actor as defined in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) promulgated under the Securities Act or is subject to any judgment prohibiting
service as a director of any public company. As a condition to any Preferred Stock Nominees election to the Board of Directors
or nomination for election as a director of the Company at any meeting of the Companys stockholders, the Preferred Stock Nominee
must provide to the Company: (A) all information reasonably requested by the Company that is required to be or is customarily disclosed
for directors and candidates for directors in a proxy statement or other filings in accordance with applicable law, any stock exchange
rules or listing standards, in each case, relating to the Preferred Stock Nominees election as a director of the Company
or the Companys operations in the ordinary course of business; (B) all information reasonably requested by the Company in
connection with assessing eligibility and other criteria applicable to directors or satisfying compliance and legal or regulatory obligations,
in each case, relating to the Preferred Stock Nominees nomination or election, as applicable, as a director of the Company or
the Companys operations in the ordinary course of business; (C) an undertaking in writing (in a form provided by the Secretary
of the Company) by the Preferred Stock Nominee to be subject to, bound by and duly comply with the Companys Corporate Governance
Guidelines and Standards of Business Conduct, with such changes thereto (or such successor policies) as are applicable to all other directors,
in each case, as such changes or successor policies are adopted in good faith by the Board of Directors, and do not by their terms materially,
adversely and disproportionately impact the Preferred Stock Nominee relative to all other directors; and (D) an undertaking to immediately
resign, at the request of the Board of Directors made at such time as the Preferred Stock Director Nomination Right Condition is no longer
satisfied, from the Board of Directors and any committees thereof effective as of the first date the Preferred Stock Director Nomination
Right Condition is no longer satisfied.

(b) Voting
and Consent Rights with Respect to Specified Matters.

(i) From
the Issue Date until the Voting Right Expiration Date, the Company shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, take any of the
following actions (including by means of merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
or other organizational documents or otherwise) without, the prior affirmative vote or written consent of Holders (solely in the case
of clause (10) below, not be unreasonably withheld), voting exclusively as a single class, representing at least a
majority of the outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock:

(1) authorization
or creation, or increase in the authorized number of shares of, any class or series of, or any Equity-Linked Security or other equity
interest convertible into, any Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than in connection solely with any Exempt
Issuance or issuance that is subject to the provisions of Section 10(f)(i)(1);

35

(2) issuance
of any shares of Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Equity-Linked Security or other equity interest convertible
into Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than (x) any Exempt Issuance, (y) any issuance that is
subject to the provisions of Section 10(f)(i)(1) and (z) on or after the Issue Date, one or more issuances of,
in the aggregate, up to $50,000,000 of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Qualified Offerings (each such issuance pursuant to this clause
(z), a Permitted Equity Issuance);

(3) amendment,
alteration, repeal or other modification to any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation (including this Certificate of Designations)
in a manner that would adversely affect the powers, preferences, rights or privileges of the Convertible Preferred Stock; provided, however,
that (i) any increase in the amount of the authorized Common Stock, and (ii) any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
and any certificate of designations (but excluding this Certificate of Designations) (x) to implement any Exempt Issuance or issuance
that is subject to the provisions of Section 10(f)(i)(1), or (y) necessary to implement a merger or consolidation that
constitutes a Common Stock Change Event effected in compliance with the terms of this Certificate of Designations, will not be deemed
to adversely affect the powers, preferences, rights or privileges of the Convertible Preferred Stock;

(4) any
Related Party Transaction to be entered into after the Issue Date;

(5) declaration
or payment of any dividends or distributions, other than the declaration or payment of Regular Dividends in respect of Convertible Preferred
Stock, and any dividends or distributions that are subject to the provisions of Section 10(f)(i)(1);

(6) repurchase
or redemption of any Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Equity-Linked Security or other equity interest
convertible into any Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than (A) repurchases of Convertible Preferred
Stock pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations, (B) in connection with an exercise of the put right with respect
to Loan Warrants representing a maximum of 717,942 Warrant Shares (as defined in the Loan Warrants and subject to adjustment in the amount
of such Warrant Shares based on the terms and conditions of the Loan Warrants) granted to certain Lenders (as defined in the Existing
Credit Agreement) under the Loan Warrants (C) pursuant to an odd-lot tender offer pursuant to Rule 13e-4(h)(5) under the
Exchange Act, (D) in connection with tax withholding upon vesting or settlement of options, restricted stock units, performance
share units or other similar equity awards or upon forfeiture or cashless exercise of options or other equity awards, (E) repurchases
of any equity-based awards (including restricted stock units) issued to employees (or prospective employees who have accepted an offer
of employment), directors or consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, pursuant to plans that have been approved by a majority
of the independent members of the Board of Directors or that existed as of the Issue Date, and (F) in connection with any stockholder
rights plan;

36

(7) (x) exchange,
reclassification or cancellation of any Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Equity-Linked Security or other
equity interest convertible into any Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than pursuant to a Common Stock Change
Event effected in compliance with the terms of this Certificate of Designations or (y) directly or indirectly amend, restate or
replace the Loan Warrants in a manner that has the effect of increasing the Optional Repurchase Price (as defined in the Loan Warrants)
or extending the timeframe within which any Holder (as defined in the Loan Warrants) may exercise their Optional Repurchase Right (as
defined in the Loan Warrants);

(8) sale,
disposition, lease, license, spin-off, split-off or other transfer or divestiture of any businesses, business units or assets of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary or other entity), in each case, in any transaction
or series of related transactions (any such transaction, an Asset Sale) involving consideration having a
fair value in excess of (x) prior to a CA Satisfaction, $75,000,000, and (y) from and after a CA Satisfaction, $20,000,000,
in each case, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and other than a transaction that constitutes a Change of Control;

(9) other
than in connection with an increase in the principal amount of Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) or a refinance
of the Existing Credit Agreement on terms and conditions that, taken as a whole, (A) are not materially different from the Existing
Credit Agreement and are not materially more adverse to the interests of the Company or to the Holders (other than with respect to such
principal amounts) and (B) do not adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations in connection with any
Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(a) of this Certificate of Designations from and after the dates specified
therein (for the avoidance of doubt, without giving effect to any extension of the Existing Credit Agreements not approved in accordance
with clause (11)), in each case, up to an amount not to exceed 110% of the principal amount of the initial aggregate Commitments
(as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) under the Existing Credit Agreement, incurrence of any secured indebtedness for borrowed
money (including any obligations in respect of letters of credit) unless permitted under the Existing Credit Agreement (without giving
effect to any modification, amendment, consent or waiver made by the lenders thereunder);

(10) incurrence
of unsecured indebtedness for borrowed money or issuance of any Disqualified Equity Interest (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement),
unless permitted under the Existing Credit Agreement (without giving effect to any modification, amendment, consent or waiver made by
the lenders thereunder after the date hereof);

37

(11) amend,
restate or replace the Existing Credit Agreement on terms and conditions that, taken as a whole, (A) are materially different from
the Existing Credit Agreement or materially more adverse to the interests of the Company or to the Holders or (B) adversely affect
the ability of the Company to perform its obligations in connection with any Optional Repurchase pursuant to Section 8(a) of
this Certificate of Designations from and after the dates specified therein (for the avoidance of doubt, without giving effect to any
extension of the Existing Credit Agreement not approved in accordance with this clause (11)), it being understood, however, that
an extension of the Existing Credit Agreement on the same terms shall not require consent hereunder for so long as clause (B) is
complied with; provided, that no such affirmative vote or written consent shall be required solely with respect to (x) increasing
the principal amount of indebtedness for borrowed money up to an amount not to exceed 110% of the principal amount of the initial aggregate
Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) under the Existing Credit Agreement, or (y) increasing the rate of interest
up to an amount to exceed 200 basis points per annum from the highest rate of interest per annum as in effect under the Existing Credit
Agreement on the date hereof;

(12) replace
the Existing Credit Agreement after a CA Satisfaction other than a replacement for the direct purpose of refinancing the Existing Credit
Agreement to effect a CA Satisfaction, which replacement must meet the terms and conditions of clause (11); or

(13) agree
or consent to any of the actions prohibited by this Section 9(b)(i).

(c) Right
to Vote with Holders of Common Stock on an As-Converted Basis. Subject to the other provisions of, and without limiting the other
voting rights provided in, this Section 9, and except as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or required by the
Delaware General Corporation Law, the Holders will have the right to vote together as a single class with the holders of the Common Stock
on each matter submitted for a vote or consent by the holders of the Common Stock, and, for these purposes, (i) the Convertible
Preferred Stock of each Holder will entitle such Holder to be treated as if such Holder were the holder of record, as of the record or
other relevant date for such matter, of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that would be
issuable (determined in accordance with Section 10(e), including Section 10(e)(ii)) upon conversion of such Convertible
Preferred Stock, assuming such Convertible Preferred Stock were converted with a Conversion Date occurring on such record or other relevant
date; and (ii) the Holders will be entitled to notice of all stockholder meetings or proposed actions by written consent in accordance
with the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws of the Company, and the Delaware General Corporation Law as if the Holders were holders
of Common Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, the voting rights set forth in this Section 9(c) will not be limited or
eliminated by the provisions in Section 10(h).

38

(d) Procedures
for Voting and Consents.

(i) Rules and
Procedures Governing Votes and Consents. If any vote or consent of the Holders will be held or solicited, including at a regular
annual meeting or a special meeting of stockholders, then (1) the Board of Directors will adopt customary rules and procedures
at its discretion to govern such vote or consent, subject to the other provisions of this Section 9; and (2) such rules and
procedures may include fixing a record date to determine the Holders that are entitled to vote or provide consent, as applicable, rules governing
the solicitation and use of proxies or written consents and customary procedures for the nomination and designation, by Holders, of Preferred
Stock Directors for election; provided, however, that with respect to any voting rights of the Holders pursuant to Section 9(c),
such rules and procedures will be the same rules and procedures that apply to holders of the Common Stock with respect to the
applicable matter referred to in Section 9(c).

(ii) Voting
Power of the Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote on each matter on
which the Holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to vote separately as a class and not together with the holders of
any other class or series of stock.

(iii) Written
Consent in Lieu of Stockholder Meeting. A consent or affirmative vote of the Holders pursuant to Section 9(b) may
be given or obtained either in writing without a meeting or in person or by proxy at a regular annual meeting or a special meeting of
stockholders.

(e) Board
Observation Rights.

(i) From
the Issue Date until the date the Preferred Stock Director Nomination Right Condition is no longer satisfied, the Majority Holders shall
be entitled to designate one observer (who may be a manager or employee of an Investor) (the Preferred Stock Observer)
to attend all meetings and special meetings (whether such meetings are held in person, telephonically or otherwise) of (i) the Board
of Directors and (ii) any committee or sub-committee of the Board of Directors, including any committee or sub-committee that may
be established on or after the Issue Date, except that the Preferred Stock Observer shall not be entitled to vote on matters presented
to or discussed by the Board of Directors (or any relevant committee thereof) at any such meetings. The Preferred Stock Observer may
be excluded from any portion of any Board of Directors meeting to the extent such exclusion is reasonably necessary to (x) avoid
violation of any law, rule or regulation or any obligation of confidentiality owing to a third party binding on the Company or its
Affiliates to the extent that such obligation was not entered into in contemplation of this provision (provided that, the Company and
its Affiliates shall use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid entering into any such obligation of confidentiality owing to a third
party), or (y) preserve attorney-client privilege between the Company and its counsel, in each case, in the reasonable determination
of the Companys outside counsel.

(ii) The
Preferred Stock Observer shall be timely notified of the time and place of any Board of Directors meetings and the Preferred Stock Observer
shall receive copies of all documents distributed to the Board of Directors, including notice of all meetings of the Board of Directors
(which shall describe in reasonable detail the nature and substance of the matters to be discussed and/or voted upon at such meeting
or the proposed actions to be taken by written consent without a meeting), all written consents of the Board of Directors, all materials
and information prepared for consideration at any meeting of the Board of Directors, and all minutes related to each meeting of the Board
of Directors, in each case, as if the Preferred Stock Observer were a member of the Board of Directors or any such applicable committee
and at the same time and in the same manner as provided to the members of the Board of Directors and applicable committee; provided that
the Preferred Stock Observer shall not receive any documents pursuant to this Section 9(e)(ii) to the extent that such documents
relate to any portion of any Board of Directors meeting from which the Preferred Stock Observer is excluded pursuant to Section 9(e)(i).

39

(iii) The
Company shall reimburse the Preferred Stock Observer for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with
its participation in any such meeting.

(iv) The
Preferred Stock Observer shall sign a non-disclosure agreement reasonably acceptable to the Company.

SECTION 10. CONVERSION.

(a) Generally.
Subject to the provisions of this Section 10, the Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted only pursuant to a Mandatory
Conversion or an Optional Conversion.

(b) Conversion
at the Option of the Holders.

(i) Conversion
Right; When Shares May Be Submitted for Optional Conversion. Holders will have the right to submit all, or any whole number
of shares that is less than all, of their shares of Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to an Optional Conversion; provided, however,
that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that are
subject to Mandatory Conversion may not be submitted for Optional Conversion after the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately
before the related Mandatory Conversion Date.

(ii) [Reserved].

(iii) Contingent
Conversion Notice. A Holder delivering an Optional Conversion Notice hereunder in connection with a Change of Control may specify
in such Optional Conversion Notice that its election to effect such conversion is contingent upon the consummation of such Change of
Control, in which case such Optional Conversion shall not occur until such time as is immediately prior to (and subject to) the consummation
of such Change of Control, and if such Change of Control is not consummated, such Optional Conversion Notice shall be deemed to be withdrawn.

(c) Mandatory
Conversion at the Companys Election.

(i) Mandatory
Conversion Right. Subject to the provisions of this Section 10, the Company has the right (the Mandatory
Conversion Right), exercisable at its election, to designate any Business Day after July 22, 2027 as a Conversion Date
for the conversion (such a conversion, a Mandatory Conversion) of all, or any portion that is a whole number, of
the outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, but only if the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock exceeds $25.00
(as adjusted for any event contemplated by Section 10(f)(i)(1)) per share of Common Stock on each of at least twenty (20)
Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately
before the Mandatory Conversion Notice Date for such Mandatory Conversion.

40

(ii) Mandatory
Conversion Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. The Company will not exercise its Mandatory Conversion Right, or otherwise send a
Mandatory Conversion Notice, with respect to any Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 10(c) unless
the Common Stock Liquidity Conditions are satisfied with respect to the Mandatory Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Section 10(c), the Companys exercise of its Mandatory Conversion Right, and any related Mandatory Conversion
Notice, will not apply to any share of Convertible Preferred Stock as to which an Optional Repurchase Notice has been duly delivered,
and not withdrawn, pursuant to Section 8(a) or Section 8(b).

(iii) Mandatory
Conversion Date. The Mandatory Conversion Date for any Mandatory Conversion will be a Business Day of the Companys choosing
that is no more than twenty (20), nor less than ten (10), Business Days after the Mandatory Conversion Notice Date for such Mandatory
Conversion.

(iv) Mandatory
Conversion Notice. To exercise its Mandatory Conversion Right with respect to any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company
must (x) send to each Holder of such shares a written notice of such exercise (a Mandatory Conversion Notice)
and (y) substantially contemporaneously therewith, issue a press release through such national newswire service as the Company then
uses (or publish the same through such other widely disseminated public medium as the Company then uses, including its website) containing
the information set forth in the Mandatory Conversion Notice. Such Mandatory Conversion Notice must state:

(1) that
the Company has exercised its Mandatory Conversion Right to cause the Mandatory Conversion of the shares, briefly describing the Companys
Mandatory Conversion Right under this Certificate of Designations;

(2) the
Mandatory Conversion Date for such Mandatory Conversion and the date scheduled for the settlement of such Mandatory Conversion;

(3) that
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock subject to Mandatory Conversion may be converted earlier at the option of the Holders thereof pursuant
to an Optional Conversion at any time before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the Mandatory Conversion Date;

(4) the
Conversion Price in effect on the Mandatory Conversion Notice Date for such Mandatory Conversion; and

(5) the
CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Convertible Preferred Stock.

41

(v) Selection
and Optional Conversion of Convertible Preferred Stock Subject to Partial Mandatory Conversion. If less than all shares of Convertible
Preferred Stock then outstanding are subject to Mandatory Conversion, then:

(1) the
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to be subject to such Mandatory Conversion will be selected by the Company pro rata; and

(2) if
only a portion of the Convertible Preferred Stock is subject to Mandatory Conversion and a portion of such Convertible Preferred Stock
is subject to Optional Conversion, then the converted portion of such Convertible Preferred Stock will be deemed to be from the portion
of such Convertible Preferred Stock that was subject to Mandatory Conversion.

(d) Conversion
Procedures.

(i) Mandatory
Conversion. If the Company duly exercises, in accordance with Section 10(c), its Mandatory Conversion Right with
respect to any share of Convertible Preferred Stock, then (1) the Mandatory Conversion of such share will occur automatically and
without the need for any action on the part of the Holder(s) thereof; and (2) the shares of Common Stock due upon such Mandatory
Conversion will be registered in the name of, and, if applicable, the cash due upon such Mandatory Conversion will be delivered to, the
Holder(s) of such share of Convertible Preferred Stock as of the Close of Business on the related Mandatory Conversion Date.

(ii) Requirements
for Holders to Exercise Optional Conversion Right.

(1) Generally.
To convert any share of Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to an Optional Conversion, the Holder of such share must (w) complete,
sign and deliver to the Company an Optional Conversion Notice; (x) deliver any Physical Certificate(s), if any, representing such
Convertible Preferred Stock to the Company (at which time such Optional Conversion will become irrevocable); (y) furnish any endorsements
and transfer documents that the Company may require; and (z) if applicable, pay any documentary or other taxes.

(2) Optional
Conversion Permitted only During Business Hours. Convertible Preferred Stock may be surrendered for Optional Conversion only after
the Open of Business and before the Close of Business on a day that is a Business Day.

(iii) Treatment
of Accumulated Regular Dividends upon Conversion.

(1) No
Adjustments for Accumulated Regular Dividends. Without limiting the operation of Sections 5(a)(ii)(1) and 10(e)(i),
the Conversion Price will not be adjusted to account for any accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends on any Convertible Preferred Stock
being converted.

(2) Conversions
Between A Record Date and a Dividend Payment Date. If the Conversion Date of any share of Convertible Preferred Stock to be
converted is after a Record Date for a declared Dividend on the Convertible Preferred Stock and on or before the next Dividend Payment
Date, then such Dividend will be paid pursuant to Section 5(c) notwithstanding such conversion.

42

(iv) When
Holders Become Stockholders of Record of the Shares of Common Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Person in whose name any share
of Common Stock is issuable upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock will be deemed to become the holder of record of such
share as of the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for such conversion.

(e) Settlement
upon Conversion.

(i) Generally.
Subject to Section 5(c), Section 10(e)(ii), Section 10(h) and Section 12(b),
the consideration due upon settlement of the conversion of each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will consist of a number of shares
of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (I) the sum of (x) the Liquidation Preference of such share of Convertible
Preferred Stock immediately before the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for such conversion; and (y) an amount equal to
accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends on such share of Convertible Preferred Stock from, and including, the last date on which Regular
Dividends have been paid thereon (or, if no Regular Dividends have been paid, from, and including, the Issue Date) to, but excluding,
the Conversion Date (but only to the extent such accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends are not included in the Liquidation Preference
referred to in the preceding clause (x)); by (II) the Conversion Price in effect immediately before the Close of Business
on such Conversion Date.

(ii) Payment
of Cash in Lieu of any Fractional Share of Common Stock. Subject to Section 12(b), in lieu of delivering any fractional
share of Common Stock otherwise due upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company will, to the extent it is legally
able to do so and permitted under the terms of its indebtedness for borrowed money, pay cash based on the Last Reported Sale Price per
share of Common Stock on the Conversion Date for such conversion (or, if such Conversion Date is not a Trading Day, the immediately preceding
Trading Day).

(iii) Delivery
of Conversion Consideration. Except as provided in Sections 10(f)(i)(2) and 10(i), the Company will pay or
deliver, as applicable, the Conversion Consideration due upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock on or before the earlier
of (i) the second (2nd) Business Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period,
in each case, immediately after the Conversion Date for such conversion.

43

(f) Conversion
Price Adjustments.

(i) Events
Requiring an Adjustment to the Conversion Price. The Conversion Price will be adjusted from time to time as follows:

(1) Stock
Dividends, Splits and Combinations. If the Company issues solely shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on all or substantially
all shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a stock split or a stock combination of the Common Stock (in each case excluding
an issuance solely pursuant to a Common Stock Change Event, as to which Section 10(i) will apply), then the Conversion
Price will be adjusted based on the following formula:

CP1
= CP0 x OS0

OS1

where:

CP0 = the Conversion Price in effect immediately before
the Close of Business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately before the Close of Business on the effective
date of such stock split or stock combination, as applicable;

CP1 = the Conversion Price in effect immediately after the Close
of Business on such Record Date or effective date, as applicable;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
before the Close of Business on such Record Date or effective date, as applicable, without giving effect to such dividend, distribution,
stock split or stock combination; and

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination.

If
any dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination of the type described in this Section 10(f)(i)(1) is
declared or announced, but not so paid or made, then the Conversion Price will be readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors,
or any Officer acting pursuant to authority conferred by the Board of Directors, determines not to pay such dividend or distribution
or to effect such stock split or stock combination, to the Conversion Price that would then be in effect had such dividend, distribution,
stock split or stock combination not been declared or announced.

44

(2) Tender
Offers or Exchange Offers. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes a payment in respect of a tender offer or exchange
offer for shares of Common Stock (other than solely pursuant to an odd-lot tender offer pursuant to Rule 13e-4(h)(5) under
the Exchange Act, ), and the value (determined as of the Expiration Time by the Board of Directors) of the cash and other consideration
paid per share of Common Stock in such tender or exchange offer differs from the average of the Daily VWAP for each of the ten (10) consecutive
VWAP Trading Days commencing on, and including, the VWAP Trading Day next succeeding the last day on which tenders or exchanges may be
made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (as it may be amended) (the Expiration Date), then the Conversion
Price will be adjusted based on the following formula:

CP1
= CP0 x SP x OS0

AC + (SP x OS1)

where:

CP0 = the Conversion Price in effect immediately before
the time (the Expiration Time) such tender or exchange offer expires;

CP1 = the Conversion Price in effect immediately after the Expiration
Time;

SP = the average of the Daily VWAP for each of the ten (10) consecutive
Trading Day period (the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period) beginning on, and including, the Trading Day
immediately after the Expiration Date;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
before the Expiration Time (including all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

AC = the aggregate value (determined as of the Expiration Time
by the Board of Directors) of all cash and other consideration paid for shares of Common Stock purchased or exchanged in such tender
or exchange offer; and

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after the Expiration Time (excluding all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

provided,
however, that the Conversion Price will in no event be adjusted up pursuant to this Section 10(f)(i)(2), except
to the extent provided in the immediately following paragraph. The adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 10(f)(i)(2) will
be calculated as of the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period but will be given effect
immediately after the Expiration Time, with retroactive effect. If the Conversion Date for any share of Convertible Preferred Stock to
be converted occurs on the Expiration Date or during the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period, then, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Certificate of Designations, the Company will, if necessary, delay the settlement of such conversion until the second
(2nd) Business Day after the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period.

To the extent such tender or exchange offer is announced but not consummated
(including as a result of being precluded from consummating such tender or exchange offer under applicable law), or any purchases or
exchanges of shares of Common Stock in such tender or exchange offer are rescinded, the Conversion Price will be readjusted to the Conversion
Price that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the purchases or exchanges of shares of Common Stock,
if any, actually made, and not rescinded, in such tender or exchange offer.

45

(3) Degressive
Issuances. Subject to Section 10(h), if, on or after the Issue Date the Company or any of its Subsidiaries issues or
otherwise sells any shares of Common Stock, or any Equity-Linked Securities, other than pursuant to a Permitted Equity Issuance, in each
case at an Effective Price per share of Common Stock that is less than the Conversion Price in effect (before giving effect to the adjustment
required by this Section 10(f)(i)(3)) as of the date of the issuance or sale of such shares or Equity Linked Securities (such
an issuance or sale, a Degressive Issuance), then, effective as of the Close of Business on such date, the Conversion
Price will be decreased to an amount equal to the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) the Weighted Average Issuance Price.
For these purposes, the Weighted Average Issuance Price will be equal to:

(CP x OS) + (EP x X)

OS
+ X

where:

CP = such Conversion Price;

OS = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
before such Degressive Issuance;

EP = the Effective Price per share of Common Stock in such
Degressive Issuance; and

X = the sum, without duplication, of (x) the total
number of shares of Common Stock issued or sold in such Degressive Issuance; and (y) the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock underlying such Equity-Linked Securities issued or sold in such Degressive Issuance;

provided,
however, that (A) the Conversion Price will not be adjusted pursuant to this Section 10(f)(i)(3) solely
as a result of an Exempt Issuance; (B) the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to any Equity-Linked Securities will not
constitute an additional issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock for purposes of this Section 10(f)(i)(3) (it being
understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that the issuance or sale of such Equity Linked Securities, or any re-pricing or amendment thereof,
will be subject to this Section 10(f)(i)(3)); and (C) in no event will the Conversion Price be increased pursuant to
this Section 10(f)(i)(3). For purposes of this Section 10(f)(i)(3), any re-pricing or amendment of any Equity-Linked
Securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Equity-Linked Securities existing as of the Issue Date) will be deemed to be the
issuance of additional Equity-Linked Securities, without affecting any prior adjustments theretofore made to the Conversion Price.

(ii) No
Adjustments in Certain Cases.

(1) Certain
Events. Without limiting the operation of Sections 5(a)(ii)(1) and 10(e)(i), the Company will not be required
to adjust the Conversion Price except pursuant to Section 10(f)(i). Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will not
be required to adjust the Conversion Price on account of:

(A) except
as otherwise provided in Section 10(f)(i), the sale of shares of Common Stock for a purchase price that is less than the
market price per share of Common Stock or less than the Conversion Price;

46

(B) except
as provided in Section 10(f)(i)(3), the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing
for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts
in shares of Common Stock under any such plan;

(C) except
as provided in Section 10(f)(i)(3), the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase shares of
Common Stock pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit plan or program of, or assumed by, the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries;

(D) except
as provided in Section 10(f)(i)(3), the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or
convertible or exchangeable security of the Company outstanding as of the Issue Date; or

(E) solely
a change in the par value of the Common Stock.

(iii) Adjustment
Deferral. If an adjustment to the Conversion Price otherwise required by this Certificate of Designations would result in a change
of less than one percent (1%) to the Conversion Price, then the Company may, at its election, defer such adjustment, except that all
such deferred adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest of the following: (1) when all such deferred adjustments
would result in a change of at least one percent (1%) to the Conversion Price; (2) the Conversion Date of any share of Convertible
Preferred Stock; (3) the date of an Optional Repurchase Notice for any Optional Repurchase; and (4) the occurrence of any vote
of the stockholders of the Company.

(iv) Stockholder
Rights Plans. If any shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock and, at the
time of such conversion, the Company has in effect any stockholder rights plan, then the Holder of such Convertible Preferred Stock will
be entitled to receive, in addition to, and concurrently with the delivery of, the consideration otherwise due upon such conversion,
the rights set forth in such stockholder rights plan.

(v) Determination
of the Number of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock. For purposes of Section 10(f)(i), the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding at any time will (1) include shares issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions
of shares of Common Stock; and (2) exclude shares of Common Stock held in the Companys treasury (unless the Company pays
any dividend or makes any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in its treasury).

(vi) Calculations.
All calculations with respect to the Conversion Price and adjustments thereto will be made to the nearest 1/100th of a cent (with
5/1,000ths rounded upward).

(vii) Notice
of Conversion Price Adjustments. Upon the effectiveness of any adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to Section 10(f)(i),
the Company will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and, if such information constitutes material non-public information under U.S.
federal securities laws, either concurrently with or after Public Announcement of the same information) and no later than ten (10) Business
Days after the date of such effectiveness, send notice to the Holders containing (1) a brief description of the transaction or other
event on account of which such adjustment was made; (2) the Conversion Price in effect immediately after such adjustment; and (3) the
effective time of such adjustment.

47

(g) [Reserved].

(h) Limitation
on Conversion Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, except with respect to the Conversion
Shares resulting from a Mandatory Conversion as to which the restrictions in this Section 10(h) shall not apply, no
shares of Common Stock will be issued or delivered upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock of any Holder, and no Convertible
Preferred Stock of any Holder will be convertible, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such issuance, delivery or
conversion would result in such Holder, either alone or as a part of a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of
the Exchange Act) beneficially owning (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act and for purposes
of Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act) in excess of nine and ninety-nine hundredths percent (9.99%) of the then
outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Ownership Limitation); provided that the Ownership Limitation
shall only apply to the extent that the Common Stock is deemed to constitute an equity security pursuant to Rule 13d-1(i) promulgated
under the Exchange Act; provided, further that, a Holder may include in the Optional Conversion Notice that is delivered to the
Company in connection with a Change of Control, a notice stating that such Holder is electing to make successive conversions, which conversions
shall occur (in each case by written notice from such Holder to the Company) from time to time as determined by such Holder at any time
during the Successive Conversion Period (each such conversion being subject to the Ownership Limitation), it being acknowledged that
the intent of this provision is to respect and preserve the Ownership Limitation for purposes of Section 13 and Section 16
of the Exchange Act, but not restrict a Holder subject to the Ownership Limitation from being able to fully convert its Convertible Preferred
Stock in connection with a Change of Control (on a successive basis, if necessary) and therefore receive the Change of Control consideration
(if any) payable in respect of all Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any such Convertible Preferred Stock subject to such Optional
Conversion Notice.

By written notice to the Company, a Holder may from time to time increase
or decrease the maximum percentage (each, an Ownership Limit Change) to any other percentage specified not in excess
of 19.99% (the Maximum Cap) in such notice; provided that any such increase will not be effective until the sixty-first
(61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company (such sixty-first (61st) day, the Ownership Limitation Increase Effective
Date) provided further, that (i) the Maximum Cap shall only apply to the extent required by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635(b) (Rule 5635(b))
and if the Maximum Cap is not required pursuant to Rule 5625(b), then, the Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder shall
be convertible on or after the Ownership Limitation Increase Effective Date following the delivery of the notice up to any percentage
of the outstanding shares set forth in such notice without regard to the Maximum Cap, and (ii) such Maximum Cap may not be amended
or waived absent Company stockholder approval in accordance with Rule 5635(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Holder who has
acquired or holds shares of Convertible Preferred Stock with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of the Company,
or in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect, shall not be permitted to effect an Ownership
Limit Change pursuant to the preceding sentence to increase the Ownership Limitation in excess of 9.99%.

48

For
purposes hereof, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock for purposes of this Section 10(h),
the Holders may rely on (I) the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the Companys most recent quarterly
or annual report filed with the Commission, or any current report filed by the Company with the Commission subsequent thereto, (II) a
more recent public announcement by the Company, or (III) a written confirmation by the Company or the Transfer Agent, within two
(2) Trading Days following a written request from a Holder, of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. With prior
written consent of the applicable Holder, the provisions of this Section 10(h) shall be construed and implemented in
a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 10(h) to correct all or any portion hereof
which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.

(i) Effect
of Common Stock Change Event.

(i) Generally.
If there occurs any:

(1) recapitalization,
reclassification or change of the Common Stock, other than (x) changes solely resulting from a subdivision or combination of the
Common Stock, (y) a change only in par value or from par value to no par value or no par value to par value or (z) stock splits
and stock combinations that do not involve the issuance of any other series or classes of securities;

(2) consolidation,
merger, combination or binding or statutory share exchange involving the Company;

(3) sale,
lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person;
or

(4) other
similar event,

and,
as a result of which, the Common Stock is converted into, or is exchanged for, or represents solely the right to receive, other securities,
cash or other property, or any combination of the foregoing (such an event, a Common Stock Change Event,
and such other securities, cash or property, the Reference Property, and the amount and kind of Reference Property
that a holder of one (1) share of Common Stock would be entitled to receive on account of such Common Stock Change Event (without
giving effect to any arrangement not to issue or deliver a fractional portion of any security or other property), a Reference
Property Unit), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations,

(A) from
and after the effective time of such Common Stock Change Event, each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will remain outstanding (unless
otherwise converted or repurchased in accordance with the terms hereof) and (I) the consideration due upon conversion of any Convertible
Preferred Stock will be determined in the same manner as if each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock in this Section 10
or in Section 11, or in any related definitions, were instead a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units;
(II) for purposes of Section 7 and Section 10(c), each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock
in such Sections (or in any related definitions) will instead be deemed to be a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units
and (III) for purposes of the definition of Change of Control, the terms Common Stock and common
equity will be deemed to mean the common equity (including depositary receipts representing common equity), if any, forming part
of such Reference Property; and

49

(B) for
these purposes, (I) the Daily VWAP of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that consists of a class of common equity securities
will be determined by reference to the definition of Daily VWAP, substituting, if applicable, the Bloomberg page for
such class of securities in such definition; and (II) the Daily VWAP of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that does
not consist of a class of common equity securities, and the Last Reported Sale Price of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof
that does not consist of a class of securities, will be the fair value of such Reference Property Unit or portion thereof, as applicable,
determined in good faith by the Company (or, in the case of cash denominated in U.S. dollars, the face amount thereof).

If
the Reference Property consists of more than a single type of consideration to be determined based in part upon any form of stockholder
election, then the composition of the Reference Property Unit will be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration
actually received, per share of Common Stock, by the holders of Common Stock. The Company will notify the Holders of such weighted average
as soon as practicable after such determination is made.

(ii) Compliance
Covenant. The Company will not become a party to any Common Stock Change Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 10(i).

(iii) Execution
of Supplemental Instruments. On or before the date the Common Stock Change Event becomes effective, the Company and, if applicable,
the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (if not the Company) of such Common Stock Change Event (the Successor Person)
will execute and deliver such supplemental instruments, if any, as the Company reasonably determines are necessary or desirable to (1) provide
for subsequent adjustments to the Conversion Price pursuant to Section 10(f)(i) in a manner consistent with this Section 10(i);
and (2) give effect to such other provisions, if any, as the Company reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve the economic
interests of the Holders and to give effect to Section 10(i)(i). If the Reference Property includes shares of stock or other
securities or assets of a Person other than the Successor Person, then such other Person will also execute such supplemental instrument(s) and
such supplemental instrument(s) will contain such additional provisions, if any, that the Company reasonably determines are appropriate
to preserve the economic interests of Holders.

50

(iv) Notice
of Common Stock Change Event. The Company will provide notices of each Common Stock Change Event to Holders (and, if such information
constitutes material non-public information under U.S. federal securities laws, either concurrently with or after Public Announcement
of the same information) no later than (A) twenty (20) Business Days prior to the anticipated effective date of any Common Stock
Change Event and (B) the second (2nd) Business Day after the effective date of the Common Stock Change Event, together with a description
of the kind and amount of the cash, securities or other property that constitutes the Reference Property.

(v) Successive
Common Stock Change Events. The above provisions of this Section 10 shall similarly apply to successive Common
Stock Change Events.

SECTION 11. CERTAIN
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK.

(a) Equitable
Adjustments to Prices. Whenever this Certificate of Designations requires the Company to calculate the average of the Last Reported
Sale Prices or Daily VWAPs, or any function thereof, over a period of multiple days (including to calculate an adjustment to the Conversion
Price), the Company will make appropriate adjustments, if any, to those calculations to account for any adjustment to the Conversion
Price pursuant to Section 10(f)(i) that becomes effective, or any event requiring such an adjustment to the Conversion
Price where the Ex-Dividend Date, effective date or Expiration Date, as applicable, of such event occurs, at any time during such period.

(b) Reservation
of Shares of Common Stock. For so long as the Convertible Preferred Stock remains outstanding, the Company will keep reserved, out
of its authorized, unreserved and not outstanding shares of Common Stock, for delivery upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock,
a number of shares of Common Stock that would be sufficient to settle the conversion in full of all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock
then outstanding, if any. To the extent the Company delivers shares of Common Stock held in the Companys treasury in settlement
of any obligation under this Certificate of Designations to deliver shares of Common Stock, each reference in this Certificate of Designations
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection therewith will be deemed to include such delivery.

(c) Status
of Shares of Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock delivered upon conversion of on the Convertible Preferred Stock of any Holder
will be a newly issued or treasury share and will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free from preemptive rights
and free of any lien or adverse claim (except to the extent of any lien or adverse claim created by the action or inaction of such Holder
or the Person to whom such share of Common Stock will be delivered). If the Common Stock is then listed on any securities exchange, or
quoted on any inter-dealer quotation system, then the Company will cause each such share of Common Stock, when so delivered, to be admitted
for listing on such exchange or quotation on such system.

(d) Taxes
Upon Issuance of Common Stock. The Company will pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or duty due on the issue
of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock of any Holder, except any tax or duty that is due because
such Holder requests those shares to be registered in a name other than such Holders name.

51

SECTION 12. CALCULATIONS.

(a) Responsibility;
Schedule of Calculations. Except as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Designations, the Company will be responsible for making
all calculations called for under this Certificate of Designations or the Convertible Preferred Stock, including determinations of the
Conversion Price, the Daily VWAPs, the Last Reported Sale Prices and accumulated Regular Dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock.
The Company will make all calculations in good faith, and, absent manifest error, its calculations will be final and binding on all Holders.
The Company will provide a schedule of such calculations to any Holder upon written request.

(b) Calculations
Aggregated for Each Holder. The composition of the Conversion Consideration due upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock
of any Holder will be computed based on the total number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock of such Holder being converted with
the same Conversion Date. For these purposes, any cash amounts due to such Holder in respect thereof will be rounded to the nearest cent.

SECTION 13. TAX
TREATMENT. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, for U.S. federal and other applicable state
and local income tax purposes, it is intended that the Convertible Preferred Stock will not be treated as preferred stock
within the meaning of Section 305(b)(4) of Code and Treasury Regulations Section l.305-5(a). The Company will, and will
cause its Subsidiaries and agents to, report consistently with, and take no positions or actions inconsistent with, the foregoing treatment
unless otherwise required by a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code.

SECTION 14. NOTICES.
The Company will send all notices or communications to Holders pursuant to this Certificate of Designations in writing and delivered
personally or e-mail (with confirmation of receipt from the recipient, in the case of e-mail), or sent by nationally recognized overnight
courier service to the Holders respective addresses shown on the Register. Notwithstanding anything in the Certificate of Designations
to the contrary, any defect in the delivery of any such notice or communication will not impair or affect the validity of such notice
or communication and the failure to give any such notice or communication to all the Holders will not impair or affect the validity of
such notice or communication to whom such notice is sent.

SECTION 15. NO
OTHER RIGHTS. The Convertible Preferred Stock will have no rights, preferences or voting powers except as provided in this Certificate
of Designations or the Certificate of Incorporation or as required by applicable law. Without limiting the generality of the immediately
preceding sentence, (a) the Holders shall not have any preemptive rights, (b) except as expressly provided in this Certificate
of Designations, the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable or otherwise mature and the term of the Convertible
Preferred Stock shall be perpetual, and (c) shares of Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be subject to or entitled to the operation
of a retirement or sinking fund.

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally
Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]

52

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Certificate of Designations to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi 

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Certificate of Designations]

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK CERTIFICATE

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock

[Certificate No.: [_]] No.
Shares*[_]]

Comtech
Telecommunications Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certifies that [ ]
is the registered owner of [_] shares of the Companys Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Convertible Preferred
Stock) represented by this certificate (this Certificate). The special rights, preferences and voting
powers of the Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in the Certificate of Designations of the Company establishing the Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations).

Additional terms of this Certificate are set forth
on the other side of this Certificate.

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally
Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]

* Insert number
of shares for Physical Certificate only.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Comtech Telecommunications Corp. has caused this instrument to be duly executed as of the date set forth
below.

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

Date: By: 

Name:

Title:

TRANSFER AGENTS COUNTERSIGNATURE

[legal
name of Transfer Agent], as Transfer Agent, certifies that this Certificate represents shares of Convertible Preferred Stock
referred to in the within-mentioned Certificate of Designations.

Date: By: 

Authorized Signatory

REVERSE OF SECURITY

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. (THE COMPANY)

THE COMPANY WILL FURNISH WITHOUT CHARGE TO EACH STOCKHOLDER WHO SO
REQUESTS, A SUMMARY OF THE POWERS, DESIGNATIONS AND PREFERENCES, OR OTHER SPECIAL RIGHTS OF EACH CLASS OF STOCK OF THE COMPANY AND
THE QUALIFICATIONS, LIMITATIONS OR RESTRICTIONS OF SUCH PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS, AND THE VARIATIONS IN RIGHTS, PREFERENCES AND LIMITATIONS
DETERMINED FOR EACH SERIES, WHICH ARE FIXED BY THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE COMPANY, AS AMENDED, AND THE RESOLUTIONS OF THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY, AND THE AUTHORITY OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO DETERMINE VARIATIONS FOR FUTURE SERIES. SUCH REQUEST
MAY BE MADE TO THE OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY OR TO THE TRANSFER AGENT. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS MAY REQUIRE THE
OWNER OF A LOST OR DESTROYED STOCK CERTIFICATE, OR HIS LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES TO GIVE THE COMPANY A BOND TO INDEMNIFY IT AND ITS TRANSFER
AGENTS AND REGISTRARS AGAINST ANY CLAIM THAT MAY BE MADE AGAINST THEM ON ACCOUNT OF THE ALLEGED LOSS OR DESTRUCTION OF ANY SUCH
CERTIFICATE.

[INSERT RESTRICTIVE LEGENDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SUBSCRIPTION AND
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, ___________________ hereby sell, assign and transfer
unto

(Insert
assignees social security or tax identification number)

(Insert
address and zip code of assignee)

Shares of the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock represented
by the within Certificate, and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint _______________ as agent to transfer the said shares of Series B-3
Convertible Preferred Stock evidenced hereby on the books of the within-named Company with full power of substitution in the premises.

Date: 

Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Series B-3 Convertible
Preferred Stock)

Signature Guarantee: * 

* Signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution that is a bank, stockbroker, savings and loan association
or credit union reasonably acceptable to the Company or meeting the requirements of any transfer agent appointed by the Company from
time to time, which requirements include membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP)
or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Transfer Agent in addition to, or in substitution
for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

EXHIBIT B

OPTIONAL CONVERSION NOTICE

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock

Subject to the terms of the Certificate of Designations,
by executing and delivering this Optional Conversion Notice, the undersigned Holder of the Convertible Preferred Stock identified below
directs the Company to convert (check one):

all of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

*_____________________
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

identified by CUSIP No. and Certificate No.

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed: 

Participant in a Recognized Signature Guarantee
Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* Must be a whole number.

EXHIBIT C

OPTIONAL REPURCHASE NOTICE

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock

Subject to the terms of the Certificate of Designations, by executing
and delivering this Optional Repurchase Notice, the undersigned Holder of the Convertible Preferred Stock identified below is exercising
its Optional Repurchase Right with respect to (check one):

Pursuant to Section 8(a)

Pursuant to Section 8(b)

In accordance with clause (x) of the definition of Optional Repurchase Trigger Date.

clause (y) 

clause (z) 

all of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

*_____________________
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

identified by CUSIP No. and Certificate No.

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed: 

Participant in a Recognized Signature Guarantee
Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* Must be a whole number.

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK LEGEND

THE OFFER AND SALE OF THIS SECURITY AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND THIS SECURITY AND SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO
A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; OR (B) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT
SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED AS
PERMITTED BY THE SUBSCRIPTION AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 3, 2025.

EXHIBIT E

CASH DIVIDEND ELECTION NOTICE

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock

Subject to the terms of the Certificate of Designations, by executing
and delivering this Cash Dividend Election Notice, the undersigned Holder of the Convertible Preferred Stock identified below is exercising
its Cash Dividend Election with respect to (check one):

all of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

*_____________________
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

identified by CUSIP No. and Certificate No.

with respect to the Regular Dividend Period ending _________________

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

* Must be a whole number.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION

OF

SERIES B-2 CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

OF

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

(Pursuant to Section 151(g)

of the General Corporation Law

of the State of Delaware)

Comtech Telecommunications
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies in accordance with the provisions of Section 15l(g) of
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL), as follows:

First:
Pursuant to Section 151 of the DGCL and the authority granted to and vested in the board of directors of the Company (the Board)
in accordance with the provisions of the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of
Incorporation), the Board, by resolutions duly adopted, authorized the issuance of the Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock
of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (the Series B-2 Preferred Stock) and established the voting powers, designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and
authorized the filing of the Certificate of Designations with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 17,
2024 (the Series B-2 Certificate).

Second:
In connection with the exchange (the Exchange) of all shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock into shares of Series B-3
Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company on March 3, 2025, none of the authorized shares of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock
are outstanding and none will be issued subject to the Series B-2 Certificate.

Third:
The Board, at a meeting of the Board held on February 28, 2025, duly adopted the following resolutions approving the elimination
of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock as set forth herein:

RESOLVED that following the
Exchange, no shares of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock will be outstanding and no shares of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock will
be issued subject to the Series B-2 Certificate; and it is further

RESOLVED that when a certificate
setting forth this resolution (the Certificate of Elimination) becomes effective, it shall have the effect of eliminating
from the Certificate of Incorporation all matters set forth in the Series B-2 Certificate with respect to the Series B-2 Preferred
Stock, and the shares that were designated to such series will be returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of the preferred
stock of the Company, without designation as to series; and it is further

RESOLVED that the Board hereby
approves and declares advisable, the Certificate of Elimination to cancel the Series B-2 Certificate following the Exchange, in
substantially the form reviewed by the Special Committee of the Company; and it is further

RESOLVED that the Authorized
Persons be, and each hereby is, authorized, in the name and on behalf of the Company, to prepare, execute and file with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware the Certificate of Elimination relating to the Series B-2 Preferred Stock.

[Signature page follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Elimination to be signed by Michael A. Bondi, its Chief Financial Officer,
on this [__] day of March, 2025.

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

By: 

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Certificate of Elimination]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

FORM OF

WARRANT

TO PURCHASE

SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

OF

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

Original Issue Date: _______, __, 202_1 No. W-_

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned,
Comtech Telecommunications Corp., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and assigns, the Company),
hereby certifies that [_______] or any transferee, assignee or other subsequent holder hereof (the Holder) is entitled
to subscribe for and purchase, at the Exercise Price per share, the Warrant Share Number of duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.10 per share (the Common Stock). This
Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain Subscription and Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2025, by and among the Company
and the entities listed on Exhibit B of that certain Subscription and Exchange Agreement (as may be amended, restated, amended
and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the Subscription and
Exchange Agreement). The Common Shares (as defined below) issuable hereunder (the Warrant Shares) are
entitled to the benefits of the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below). Capitalized terms used in this Warrant and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the respective meanings specified in Section 8 hereof or, if not specified in Section 8
hereof, the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement, regardless of whether the Subscription
and Exchange Agreement or the Certificate of Designations, as applicable, remains in effect as of any date of determination.

1. Term.
The right to subscribe for and purchase Warrant Shares represented hereby commences on the Original Issue Date and shall expire on the
date that is five years and six months following the Original Issue Date (such period being the Term).

2. Method
of Exercise; Payment; Issuance of New Warrant; Transfer and Exchange.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. The purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to
time during the Term by delivering to the Company (by electronic mail or otherwise in accordance with Section 11) written
notice of such exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, an Exercise Form) and the applicable
Exercise Price, which may be satisfied by a Cash Exercise or a Cashless Exercise (as each is defined below), for each Warrant Share as
to which this Warrant is being exercised. The Exercise Date in respect of each exercise of this Warrant shall be
defined as the date that the Exercise Form in respect of such exercise is delivered to the Company in accordance with the terms
hereof. In the event that this Warrant has not been exercised in full as of the last Business Day during the Term and the fair market
value of one share of Common Stock on the Exercise Date exceeds the Exercise Price, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the
Holder shall be deemed to have exercised the purchase rights represented by this Warrant in full as a Cashless Exercise as of 4:59 p.m. (New
York City time) on such last Business Day (and such last Business Day shall be deemed the Exercise Date for purposes of such exercise).

1 Insert the date of the consummation of the applicable
Asset Sale Put Right or Asset Sale Call Right.

(b) Cash
Exercise. The Holder may pay the Exercise Price in respect of any Warrant Share(s) in cash (a Cash Exercise).
In the case of a Cash Exercise, within one (1) Trading Day (or, if less, the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period on the Exercise Date) following the Exercise Date as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Exercise Form by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank.

(c) Cashless
(Net Issue) Exercise. In lieu of paying the Exercise Price in respect of any Warrant Share(s) in cash, the Holder, at its
option, may exercise this Warrant (in whole or in part) on a cashless basis by making appropriate notation on the applicable Exercise
Form, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder a number of Warrant Shares computed using the following formula (a Cashless
Exercise):

Where: 

X = the number of the Warrant Shares to be issued to the
Holder.

Y = the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which
the Warrant is exercised.

A = the fair market value of one share of Common Stock
on the Exercise Date.

B = the Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such
calculation).

For purposes of this Section 2(c),
the fair market value of one share of Common Stock on the date of determination shall mean:

(i) if
the Market Price can be calculated in accordance with the definitions of Market Price and Volume Weighted Average
Price, the Market Price per share of Common Stock as of the Exercise Date; and

2

(ii) if
the Market Price cannot be calculated in accordance with the definitions of Market Price and Volume Weighted Average
Price, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock shall be the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as mutually
determined in good faith by the Company and the Holder.

The date of determination for purposes of this Section 2(c) shall
be the date the Exercise Form is delivered by the Holder to the Company.

(d) Issuance
of Warrant Shares and New Warrant. In the event of any exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise shall be delivered by the Company, (i) in the case of an exercise
at a time when any of the Unrestricted Conditions is met as of the Exercise Date in respect of such Warrant Shares, by causing the Companys
designated transfer agent (Transfer Agent) to electronically transmit the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with The Depository Trust Company (DTC),
through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) system, as specified in the relevant Exercise Form, no later
than the later of (x) one (1) Trading Day (or, if less, the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period)
after the relevant Exercise Date; and, (y) in the case of a Cash Exercise, one (1) Trading Day after the date the applicable
aggregate Exercise Price is received by the Company, provided that a delay in delivering the Warrant Shares in accordance with this clause
(i) to the extent it is caused solely by a failure by the Holder or its designee to accept such DWAC transmission shall not be deemed
a breach of this Section 2(d), or (ii) in the case of an exercise at a time when the Warrant Shares issuable upon such
exercise are required to bear a restrictive legend pursuant to Section 2(f)(ii) because none of the Unrestricted Conditions
is met in respect thereof, issue and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Form, a certificate, registered
in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise,
within two (2) Trading Days after the relevant Exercise Date. Upon the exercise of this Warrant or any part hereof, the Company
shall, at its own cost and expense, take all necessary action, including obtaining and delivering an opinion of counsel, if applicable,
to assure that the Transfer Agent shall transmit to the Holder in accordance with this Section 2(d) the number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon such exercise. The Company warrants that no instructions other than these instructions have been given and, the
Company agrees that no instructions other than these instructions will be given, to the Transfer Agent in respect of the Warrant Shares
and the Company covenants and agrees that it shall cause the Warrant Shares to not contain any legend or be subject to any stop transfer
or similar instruction, if any of the Unrestricted Conditions is met in respect thereof. Upon the delivery of an Exercise Form in
accordance with Section 2(a), the Holder shall be deemed for all purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders
or its designees DTC account or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares, as the case may be. The
Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company, except as provided in Section 2(e) in
connection with a transfer of this Warrant. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Form (i) with respect to a partial exercise
shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the
remaining number of Warrant Shares, and (ii) in respect of an exercise of this Warrant in full, shall have the same effect as cancellation
of the original Warrant. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the remaining
number of Warrant Shares. The Holder and any assignee of the Holder, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledges and agrees that, by
reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the Warrant Share Number
(and, therefore, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder) at any given time may be less than the amount stated
herein.

3

(e) Transferability
of Warrant. Subject to Section 2(f)(iii), this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in
part, by the Holder without charge to the Holder, upon surrender of this Warrant to the Company at its then principal executive offices
with a properly completed and duly executed Assignment Form in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. Within two (2) Trading
Days of such surrender and delivery (the Transfer Delivery Period), the Company shall execute and deliver a new
Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees and in the denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and
shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant, if any, not so assigned and this Warrant shall promptly
thereafter be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith,
may be exercised by a new Holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares immediately upon such assignment without having a new Warrant issued.
The Company shall pay any Transfer Taxes as such term is defined in Section 5(a) (below) imposed in connection with
such transfer or assignment (if any).

(f) Restrictive
Legend.

(i) The
Holder understands that until such time as the Warrant Shares have been registered under the Securities Act or otherwise may be sold
pursuant to Rule 144 or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Warrant Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following
form (and a stop-transfer order consistent therewith may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such securities) (the Securities
Law Legend):

THE OFFER AND SALE OF THIS SECURITY
AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THIS SECURITY AND SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; OR (B) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION
FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. OR GUIDANCE, SUCH AS A SO-CALLED 4(a)(1) AND
A HALF SALE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

4

(ii) The
Warrant Shares (and any certificates or electronic book entries evidencing the Warrant Shares) shall not contain or be subject to (and
Holder shall be entitled to removal of) any legend (or stop transfer or similar instruction) restricting the transfer thereof (including
the Securities Law Legend): (A) while a registration statement (including a Shelf Registration, as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement) covering the sale or resale of such Warrant Shares is effective under the Securities Act and the Holder has undertaken in
writing to conduct all sales of such Warrant Shares pursuant to such registration statement or an exemption from such registration, or
(B) if the Holder provides customary paperwork to the effect that it has sold, or is selling substantially contemporaneously with
the delivery of such paperwork, such securities pursuant to such a registration statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act,
or (C) if such Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144(b)(1) under the Securities Act as set forth in customary,
non-affiliate paperwork provided by the Holder, or (D) if at any time on or after the date hereof the Holder certifies that it is
not a Rule 144 Affiliate, and has not been a Rule 144 Affiliate for the preceding three (3) months, and that the Holders
holding period for purposes of Rule 144 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, subsection (d)(3)(ii) thereof) is at least
six (6) months, and if such holding period is less than one (1) year, the current public information requirement of Rule 144(b)(1) is
then met, or (E) if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC) as determined in good faith by counsel to the Company or as set forth
in a legal opinion delivered by a nationally recognized counsel to the Holder (collectively, the Unrestricted Conditions).
The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent, promptly after the Registration Effective Date, or
at such other time as any of the Unrestricted Conditions has been satisfied, if the Transfer Agent requires such an opinion to effect
the issuance of the Warrant Shares without a restrictive legend or removal of the legend hereunder. If any of the Unrestricted Conditions
is met at the time of issuance of the Warrant Shares then such Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends and stop-transfer instructions.
The Company agrees that following the Registration Effective Date or at such other time as any of the Unrestricted Conditions is met
or such legend is otherwise no longer required under this Section 2(f), it will, no later than the earlier of (x) one
(1) Trading Day and (y) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the delivery by the
Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of the Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend, deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Holder or its designee the Warrant Shares free from all restrictive and other legends (or similar notations) by crediting the
account of the Holders prime broker with DTC, through its DWAC system. For purposes hereof, Registration Effective Date
shall mean the first date that the first Resale Shelf Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Right Agreement) covering
the Warrant Shares that the Company is required to file pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement has been declared effective by
the SEC. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, the Holder shall be deemed to have certified that it is not a Rule 144 Affiliate
and has not been a Rule 144 Affiliate for the preceding three (3) months upon each delivery of an Exercise Form, unless the
Holder otherwise advises the Company in writing. For purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and subsection (d)(3)(ii) thereof,
it is intended, understood and acknowledged that this Warrant and the Warrant Shares issuable upon any exercise of this Warrant pursuant
to a Cashless Exercise shall be deemed to have been acquired, and the holding period thereof shall be deemed to have commenced as of
[October 18, 2021]2 [January 22,
2024]3 [June 17, 2024]4
[October 17, 2024]5 [March 3,
2025]6. The Holder, by acceptance hereof,
acknowledges and agrees that the removal of any restrictive legends from any securities as set forth in this Section 2(f)(ii) is
predicated upon the Companys reliance that the Holder will sell such securities pursuant to either the registration requirements
of the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, and that if such securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will
be sold while such registration statement is effective and available for resales of such securities, in compliance with the plan of distribution
set forth therein.

2 Insert in Warrant issued in exchange for the 2021 Exchange
Shares.

3 Insert in Warrant issued in exchange for the 2024 Exchange
Shares and the January 2024 Additional Shares.

4 Insert in Warrant issued in exchange for the June 2024
Additional Shares.

5 Insert in Warrant issued in exchange for the October
2024 Additional Shares.

6 Insert in Warrant issued in exchange for the March 2025
Additional Shares.

5

(iii) The
Holder, by acceptance hereof, covenants that it will not sell or otherwise transfer any Warrants or Warrant Shares except pursuant to
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration and prospectus delivery
requirements of the Securities Act.

(g) No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional Warrant Shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. If pursuant to an exercise of this Warrant the Holder would be entitled to a fractional Common Share, then the Company
shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up or down to the nearest whole share of Common Stock (with 0.5 rounded up), and
no cash payment will be made in lieu thereof where rounded down.

(h) Replacement
of Warrant. On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this
Warrant and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
to the Company or, in the case of mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver, in
lieu of this Warrant, a new Warrant of like tenor and amount.

(i) No
Rights of Stockholders. Except as otherwise provided herein, including in Section 4(c), the Holder, as such, shall
not be entitled to vote or be otherwise deemed the holder of Common Shares or any other securities of the Company that may at any time
be issuable on the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything contained herein be construed to confer upon the Holder, as such,
any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to
stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization, issuance
of stock, reclassification of stock, change of par value, or change of stock to no par value, consolidation, merger, conveyance, or otherwise)
or to receive notice of meetings.

6

(j) Holders
Exercise Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Section herein, the Company shall not effect
any exercise of this Warrant, and the Holder shall not be entitled to exercise this Warrant for Warrant Shares to the extent that after
giving effect to such exercise such Holder, either alone or as a part of a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of
the Exchange Act) beneficially owning (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act and for purposes
of Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act) in excess of nine and ninety-nine hundredths percent (9.99%) (the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock, provided, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall
only apply to the extent that the Common Stock is deemed to constitute an equity security pursuant to Rule 13d-(i)1
under the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, the Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or
Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any current report filed by the Company with the Commission subsequent thereto, in each case, filed
with the SEC prior to the date hereof, (y) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (z) a written confirmation by
the Company or the Transfer Agent, within two (2) Trading Days following a written request from a Holder, of the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. Upon the written request of the Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm
in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common
Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by
the Holder and its Rule 144 Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. By written
notice to the Company, the Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the maximum percentage to any other percentage specified
not in excess of 19.99% (the Maximum Cap) in such notice; provided that any such increase will not be effective
until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company (such sixty-first (61st) day, the Effective
Date) provided further, that (i) the Maximum Cap shall only apply to the extent required by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635(b) (Rule 5635(b))
and if the Maximum Cap is not required pursuant to Rule 5625(b), then, the Warrant held by the Holder shall be exercisable on or
after the Ownership Limitation Increase Effective Date following the delivery of the notice up to any other percentage of outstanding
shares set forth in such notice without regard to the Maximum Cap, and (ii) such Maximum Cap may not be amended or waived absent
Company stockholder approval in accordance with Rule 5635(b). [Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Holder who has acquired or holds
Warrants with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of the Company, or in connection with or as a participant
in any transaction having such purpose or effect, shall not be permitted to increase the Ownership Limitation in excess of 9.99%.]7
For purposes of this Section 2(j), the aggregate number of Common Shares or voting securities beneficially owned
by the Holder and its Rule 144 Affiliates and any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of Common Shares would be aggregated
with the Holders for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act shall include the Common Shares issuable upon the
exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which
would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining unexercised and non-cancelled portion of this Warrant by the Holder and (y) exercise
or conversion of the unexercised, non-converted or non-cancelled portion of any other securities of the Company that do not have voting
power (including, without limitation, any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock), is subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein and is beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Rule 144
Affiliates and other Persons whose beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holders for purposes of Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act. This Section 2(j) shall not limit the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
for purposes of determining the amount of securities or other consideration that such Holder may receive in the event of a Major Transaction
or an Organic Change as contemplated in this Warrant.

7 To be inserted only in Warrants to be issued to affiliates
of White Hat Capital Partners LP. 

7

(k) Cash
Damages for Failure to Timely Issue Warrant Shares. If by the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (y) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case, following the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the Transfer
Agent of an Exercise Form (the Cash Damages Trigger Date) the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate
to the Holder for, or, if as required by Section 2(d) hereof the Company shall fail to credit the Holders or
its designees balance account with DTC with, the applicable number of Warrant Shares (in each case, free of any restrictive legend,
provided that any Unrestricted Condition is satisfied), the Company shall pay additional damages to the Holder, in cash, for each thirty
(30) day period after such Cash Damages Trigger Date such exercise is not timely effected in an amount equal to (prorated for any partial
period) one percent (1.00%) of (the product of (I) the number of Warrant Shares not issued and delivered to the Holder (in each
case, free of any restrictive legend, provided, that any Unrestricted Condition is satisfied) or its designee prior to the Cash Damages
Trigger Date and to which the Holder is entitled and (II) the Volume Weighted Average Price of a share of Common Stock on the last
day of the Delivery Period. In addition to any other rights or remedies available to the Holder under this Warrant, the Subscription
and Exchange Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, or otherwise at law or in equity, at the written election of the Holder made
in the Holders sole discretion, if, on or after the last day of the Delivery Period in respect of such Exercise, the Holder or
its brokerage firm purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale
by the Holder of the Warrant Shares that the Holder was entitled to receive upon such exercise (such purchased shares, Buy-In
Shares), the Company shall (1) be obligated to promptly pay to the Holder (in addition to all other available remedies
that the Holder may otherwise have), 105% of the amount by which (A) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for such Buy-In Shares exceeds (B) the net proceeds received by the Holder from the sale of a number of shares
equal to up to the number of Warrant Shares such Holder was entitled to receive but had not received on or before the last day of such
Delivery Period date, and (2) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of this Warrant and equivalent number of
Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (and refund the Exercise Price therefor, to the extent paid by Holder), or deliver
to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery
obligations hereunder. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law
or in equity including a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely
deliver the Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(l) Void
Exercise Form. If for any reason the Holder has not received all of the Warrant Shares (free of any restrictive legend, provided
that any Unrestricted Condition is satisfied) prior to the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (y) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case, following the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent
of an Exercise Form, then the Holder, upon written notice to the Company by electronic mail (a Void Exercise Notice),
may void its Exercise Form with respect to, and retain or have returned, as the case may be, any portion of this Warrant with respect
to which Warrant Shares have not been delivered pursuant to the Holders Exercise Form; provided, that the voiding of the Holders
Exercise Form shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments that have accrued prior to the date of such
Void Exercise Notice pursuant to this Section 2(l).

8

3. Certain
Representations and Agreements. The Company represents, warrants, covenants and agrees:

(a) This
Warrant is, and any Warrant issued in substitution for or replacement of this Warrant shall be, upon issuance, duly authorized and validly
issued.

(b) All
Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of, or otherwise pursuant to, this Warrant pursuant to the terms hereof shall be, upon issuance,
and the Company shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that such Warrant Shares are, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable, issued without violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any stockholder of the Company, and free
from all taxes, liens and charges. As of the Original Issue Date, the Company has reserved from its authorized and unissued Common Shares,
exclusively for issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, and from and after the Original Issue Date the Company shall at all times reserve
and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common Shares solely for the purpose of effecting exercises of this Warrant, such
number of Common Shares as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the exercise of this Warrant in full for cash (without giving
effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere); and if at any time the number
of authorized but unissued Common Shares shall not be sufficient to effect the exercise of this Warrant in full, the Company will use
reasonable best efforts to take such corporate action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued Common Shares to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose, including, without limitation, calling a special meeting of stockholders and/or
any other relevant corporate body to amend the Companys charter increasing the authorized share capital of the sufficiently high
to meet the Companys obligations under this Section 3(b).

(c) The
Company shall take all such actions as may be necessary to ensure that all Warrant Shares are issued without violation of any applicable
law or governmental regulation or any requirements of any securities exchange upon which shares of the Companys capital stock
may be listed at the time of such exercise.

(d) The
Company will use its reasonable best efforts to procure, subject to issuance or notice of issuance, the listing of any Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant on the principal stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or traded.

(e) The
authorization, execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Warrant, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the issuance of this Warrant and the Warrant Shares do not and will not: (i) violate or result in
the breach of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Certificate of Designations; or (ii) with such exceptions
that have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect: (x) violate
any provision of, constitute a breach of, or default under, any judgment, order, writ, or decree applicable to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any material contract, mortgage or credit agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party; (y) violate
any provision of, constitute a breach of, or default under, any applicable state, federal or local law, rule or regulation; or (z) result
in the creation of any liens, pledges, mortgages, security interests or other encumbrances or charges of any kind upon any assets of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the suspension, revocation or forfeiture of any franchise, permit or license granted by a governmental
authority to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than liens under federal or state securities laws.

9

(f) No
shareholder approval is required pursuant to the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market in connection with the issuance of this Warrant
or the Warrant Shares. The Company has taken all appropriate actions so that the restrictions on business combinations contained in Section 203
of the DGCL will not apply with respect to or as a result of the issuance of this Warrant (or the Warrant Shares) to the Holder or the
transfer thereof, without any further action on the part of the stockholders of the Company or the Board of Directors.

(g) No
consent, approval or authorization of, or filing with, any court or governmental authority is or will be required on the part of the
Company in connection with the issuance of this Warrant and the Warrant Shares, except for those which have already been made or granted,
including the approval of the listing of the Warrant Shares with the Nasdaq Stock Market.

4. Adjustments
and Other Rights. The Exercise Price and Warrant Share Number shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows; provided
that no single event shall cause an adjustment or distribution under more than one subsection of this Section 4 so as to
result in duplication.

(a) Degressive
Issuance. The Exercise Price shall be adjusted to the same extent as the Conversion Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations)
is or would be adjusted pursuant to Section 10(f)(i)(3) under the Certificate of Designations as a result of a Degressive Issuance
(as defined in the Certificate of Designations), as applied mutatis mutandis to the terms hereof (and regardless of whether Certificate
of Designations remains in effect).

(b) Stock
Splits, Subdivisions, Reclassifications or Combinations. If the Company shall at any time or from time to time (i) pay or
make a dividend or make a distribution on its Common Stock in Common Shares, (ii) split, subdivide or reclassify the outstanding
Common Shares into a greater number of shares or (iii) combine or reclassify the outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number
of shares (each of the transactions described in clauses (i)-(iii), a Stock Event), the Warrant Share Number at
the time of the record date for such dividend or distribution or the effective date of such split, subdivision, combination or reclassification
shall be proportionately adjusted so that the Holder immediately after such record date or effective date, as the case may be, shall
be entitled to purchase the number of Common Shares which such Holder would have owned or been entitled to receive in respect of the
Common Shares subject to this Warrant after such date had such Holder held a number of Common Shares equal to the Warrant Share Number
immediately prior to such record date or effective date, as the case may be. In the event of such adjustment, the Exercise Price in effect
at the time of the record date for such dividend or distribution or the effective date of such split, subdivision, combination or reclassification
shall be immediately adjusted to the number obtained by dividing (x) the product of (1) the Warrant Share Number before the
adjustment determined pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence and (2) the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the
record or effective date, as the case may be, for the dividend, distribution, split, subdivision, combination or reclassification giving
rise to such adjustment by (y) the new Warrant Share Number determined pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. If any Stock
Event is declared or announced, but not so paid or made, the Exercise Price and the Warrant Share Number shall again be adjusted to be
the Exercise Price and Warrant Share Number that would then be in effect had such Stock Event not been declared or announced.

10

(c) Distributions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Section 2(j)), the Holder,
as the holder of this Warrant, shall be entitled to receive, and shall be paid by the Company, any dividend paid or distribution of any
kind made to the holders of Common Stock, other than a dividend or distribution resulting in an adjustment pursuant to Section 4(b),
to the same extent as if the Holder had exercised this Warrant in full in a Cash Exercise (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares
are authorized, reserved and available to effect any such exercise and issuance) and had held such Warrant Shares on the record date
for such dividend or distribution (or, if there is no record date therefor, on the date of such dividend or distribution). Payments or
distributions under this Section 4(c) shall be made concurrently with the dividend or distribution to holders of the
Common Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any options, convertible securities or rights
to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of its capital stock (the Purchase
Rights), and such grant, issuance or sale does not result in a dividend or distribution resulting in an adjustment pursuant
to Section 4(b), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate
Purchase Rights that the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon exercise
in full of this Warrant (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere
and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized, reserved and available to effect any such exercise
and issuance) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if
no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of
such Purchase Rights. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a dividend or distribution for which an adjustment is required to be
made pursuant to Section 4(b), the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution pursuant
to this Section 4(c).

(d) Event
of Default. Not later than two (2) Business Days following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Company shall deliver
written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to the Holder (a Default Notice), which notice
shall prominently indicate that it is a Default Notice, and make a public announcement of such Event of Default. In the
event of an Event of Default, the Company shall, at the Holders option, exercisable by written election of the Holder delivered
to the Company at any time prior to the thirtieth (30th) day following the occurrence of the Event of Default (or, if later,
the thirtieth (30th) day following the date of delivery to the Holder of the Default Notice in respect of such Event of Default),
purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying or delivering to the Holder an amount in cash equal to the Black Scholes Value of the
unexercised portion of this Warrant. For purposes of clarification, the Holder shall not be required to exercise the Warrant or pay the
Exercise Price in order to receive such Black-Scholes Value. The payment of such Black-Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of
immediately available funds within five (5) Business Days of the Holders election. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation and
any other restriction or limitation on exercise of this Warrant shall be disregarded for purposes of the determination of the Black Scholes
Value of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant.

11

(e) Organic
Change and Major Transaction.

(i) At
least thirty (30) days prior to the occurrence of any Major Transaction or Organic Change, but, in any event, within one (1) Trading
Day following the (x) the date of the first public announcement by any Person of such Major Transaction or Organic Change if such
announcement is made before 4:00 p.m., New York City time, or (y) the day following the public announcement of such Major Transaction
or Organic Change if such announcement is made at or after 4:00 p.m., New York City time, the Company shall deliver written notice thereof
via electronic mail and overnight courier to Holder (a Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice); provided,
however, that, with respect to any Major Transaction or Organic Change that is not a Successor Major Transaction, the applicable
deadline by which the Company must deliver the Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice shall be one (1) Trading Day following (x) the
date of the first public announcement by any Person of such Major Transaction or Organic Change if such announcement is made before 4:00
p.m., New York City time, or (y) the day following the date of the first public announcement by any Person of such Major Transaction
or Organic Change if such announcement is made on or after 4:00 p.m., New York City time; and provided, further, that the Company shall
make a public announcement of any Major Transaction or Organic Change no later than one (1) Trading Day after the Company first
has knowledge of the occurrence thereof. Each Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice shall prominently indicate that it is a Major
Transaction/Organic Change Notice and the subject of any email that contains or attaches a Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice
shall be Comtech Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice. Each Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice shall set
forth the date on which the applicable Major Transaction or Organic Change has been or will be consummated or occur (or, if such date
is not known, the Companys good faith estimate of the date of such consummation or occurrence). If a Major Transaction or Organic
Change shall not have been consummated or occurred within thirty (30) days following any date on which a Major Transaction/Organic Change
Notice with respect thereto shall have been delivered to the Holder, then promptly following such thirtieth (30th) day, such
Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice shall be re-sent in accordance with this Section 4(e)(i) (provided, that such
notice shall be updated, if applicable, to reflect the Companys good faith estimate of the date on which the Major Transaction
or Organic Change will be consummated or occur as of the date such notice is re-sent). Such notices shall be sent successively after
each 30-day period following delivery of a Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice that the applicable Major Transaction or Organic Change
is not consummated or does not occur, unless the Company shall have publicly announced that such Major Transaction or Organic Change
shall not occur or be consummated. Without limiting the rights and remedies of the Holder hereunder or under the Subscription and Exchange
Agreement, Certificate of Designations, or otherwise at law or in equity, the failure to timely deliver or re-send any Major Transaction/Organic
Change Notice or other notice pursuant to this Section 4 or to include any required information in such notice shall toll
any time period hereunder for any response responding to, or taking any action following, such notice by the Holder.

12

(ii) Subject
to the right of the Holder to elect a Major Transaction Repurchase, in the event of a Major Transaction, then, upon any subsequent exercise
of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Major Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(d) on
the exercise of this Warrant or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient
number of shares are authorized, reserved and available to effect any such exercise and issuance), the number of shares of Common Stock
of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the
Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Major Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of
Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Major Transaction (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares
are authorized, reserved and available to effect any such exercise and issuance), assuming this Warrant were exercised for cash. If holders
of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Major Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Major Transaction.

(iii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein and without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise
herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized, reserved and available to effect
any such exercise and issuance, in the event of a Major Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity shall, at the Holders
option, exercisable by written election of the Holder delivered to the Company, (A) in the case of a Successor Major Transaction,
at any time during the period beginning on the date the Company first delivers (or by which it is first obligated to deliver) such Major
Transaction/Organic Change Notice and ending on the later of five (5) Trading Days immediately prior to the occurrence of such Major
Transaction and fifteen (15) Trading Days after such Holders receipt of the last Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice received
by such Holder and (B) in the case of a Major Transaction other than a Successor Major Transaction, at any time beginning on the
date the Company delivers (or by which it is obligated to deliver) a Major Transaction/Organic Change Notice with respect thereto for
so long as this Warrant remains outstanding, purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying or delivering to the Holder the Major Transaction
Consideration (a Major Transaction Repurchase). For purposes of clarification, the Holder shall not be required
to exercise the Warrant or pay the Exercise Price in order to receive the Major Transaction Consideration. The payment of the cash component
of the Major Transaction Consideration will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five (5) Business Days
of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Major Transaction) and the delivery of any non-cash component(s) of
the Major Transaction Consideration shall be delivered to the Holder on substantially the same basis as a holder of Common Shares would
be entitled to receive comparable consideration as a result of the Major Transaction. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation and any other
restriction or limitation on exercise of this Warrant (including any such restriction or limitation resulting from an insufficient number
of authorized, reserved and available shares to effect the exercise of this Warrant) shall be disregarded for purposes of the determination
of the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant.

13

(iv) The
Company shall cause any acquiring, surviving or successor entity in a Major Transaction or Organic Change in which the Company does not
survive as the parent entity (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under
this Warrant and the Registration Rights Agreement in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Required Holders prior to such Major Transaction or Organic
Change, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a
written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere
and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized, reserved and available to effect any such exercise
and issuance, and assuming this Warrant is exercised for cash) prior to such Major Transaction or Organic Change, as applicable, and
with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Major Transaction or Organic Change and the value of such shares of capital stock,
to the extent necessary to protect the Holders from any loss of value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Major
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Organic Change
or Major Transaction in which there is a Successor Entity, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for the Company
(so that from and after the occurrence of such Organic Change or Major Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and the Successor Entity shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant and the Registration Rights Agreement with the same effect as if the Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein and
therein.

(v) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Holder may deliver an Exercise Form not less than five (5) Business Days prior
to the closing of a Major Transaction or the occurrence of any other transaction or event that provides for the exercise of this Warrant
(in whole or in part), that is conditioned upon, and, at the election of the Holder, shall occur concurrently with, or immediately prior
to, the consummation of such Major Transaction, other transaction or event (which, in the case of an Asset Sale, may be the distribution
of assets to the Companys stockholders); provided, that delivery of such an Exercise Form shall not prohibit the Holder
from exercising this Warrant in accordance with its terms during such five (5) Business Day period.

14

(vi) If,
at any time while this Warrant is outstanding an Organic Change is consummated or otherwise occurs, then, upon exercise of this Warrant,
the Holder shall be entitled to receive in lieu of (or in addition to, as the case may be) the Warrant Shares, the kind and amount of
securities, cash or other property of the Company or the Successor Entity, as the case may be, resulting from such Organic Change, which
a Holder of the Warrant Share Number (at the time of such Organic Change and, for the avoidance of doubt, without regard to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation or any other restriction or limitation on exercise) of Warrant Shares would have been entitled to receive upon consummation
of such Organic Change if such Warrant Shares had been outstanding immediately prior to such Organic Change; and in any such case, if
applicable, the provisions set forth herein with respect to the rights and interests thereafter of the Holder shall be appropriately
adjusted (pursuant to a written agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders) so as to be applicable,
as nearly as may reasonably be, to the Holders right to exercise this Warrant in exchange for any shares of stock or other securities
or property pursuant to this paragraph. If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the kind and/or amount of stock and/or
other securities or property (including cash) to be received in an Organic Change, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as
to the consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Organic Change. For the avoidance of doubt, neither
the provisions of this Section 4(e)(vi) nor any partial exercise of this Warrant following the occurrence of an Organic
Change shall in any way limit the right of the Holder to elect a Major Transaction Repurchase.

(vii) The
Company shall not effect a Successor Major Transaction with respect to which Holder has elected to cause a repurchase of this Warrant
in accordance with this Section 4(e) without first either (a) placing into an escrow account with an independent
escrow agent, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the closing date of the Successor Major Transaction, the relevant Major
Transaction Consideration or (b) obtaining the written agreement of any Successor Entity that the payment of the Major Transaction
Consideration shall be a condition precedent to consummation of such Successor Major Transaction. In the event that the Company attempts
to consummate a Major Transaction without complying with this Section 4(e), the Holder shall have the right to apply for
an injunction in any state or federal court sitting in the City of New York, borough of Manhattan to prevent the closing of such Major
Transaction until the Company (and, if applicable, the Successor Entity) shall have complied with provisions of this Section 4(e),
without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

(viii) For
the avoidance of doubt, the rights and obligations of the Company and each Holder upon the occurrence of a Major Transaction or Organic
Change are conditional upon such Major Transaction or Organic Change being consummated (or actually occurring, as applicable) and in
the event that a Major Transaction or Organic Change for which a Holder is given notice is not consummated (or does not occur), then
upon written notice from the Company to such Holder confirming that such Major Transaction or Organic Change has not and will not be
consummated (or occur), all actions taken under this Section 4(e) prior to such written notice in connection with such
Major Transaction or Organic Change shall be deemed to be rescinded and null and void. In the event that such Major Transaction is being
consummated pursuant to an agreement between the Company (or any Rule 144 Affiliate thereof) and any other Person, the Company shall
not deliver the written notice contemplated by the immediately preceding sentence unless such agreement has terminated.

15

(f) Certain
Repurchases of Common Shares. In case the Company effects a Pro Rata Repurchase of shares of Common Stock and the value (determined
as of the time (the Expiration Time) such Pro Rata Repurchase expires by the Company in good faith) of the cash
and other consideration paid per share of Common Stock in such Pro Rata Repurchase exceeds the Closing Price per share of Common Stock
on the Trading Day immediately after the last date (the Expiration Date) on which tenders or exchanges may be made
pursuant to such Pro Rata Repurchase (such Closing Price, the Pro Rata Repurchase Closing Price), then the Exercise
Price shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the price determined by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to the Expiration Time by a fraction of which the numerator shall be (i) the product of (x) the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Pro Rata Repurchase (including the shares to be repurchased or exchanged in the Pro Rata
Repurchase) and (y) the Pro Rata Repurchase Closing Price, minus (ii) the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration
(determined as of the Expiration Time by the Company in good faith) paid or payable for shares purchased in such Pro Rata Repurchase,
and of which the denominator shall be the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
Pro Rata Repurchase, excluding the shares to be repurchased or exchanged in the Pro Rata Repurchase and (y) the Pro Rata Repurchase
Closing Price. In such event, the Warrant Share Number shall be increased (but in no event decreased) to the number obtained by dividing
(i) the product of (x) the Warrant Share Number before such adjustment, and (y) the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to the Pro Rata Repurchase giving rise to this adjustment by (ii) the new Exercise Price determined in accordance with the
immediately preceding sentence.

(g) Other
Events. If any event of the type contemplated by the provisions of Section4(a), 4(b), 4(d),
4(e) or 4(f) or any other provision hereof that provides for an adjustment of Exercise Price, the Warrant Share
Number, or the number and class of shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, but not expressly provided for by
any such provision occurs, then the Company shall make an appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price, the Warrant Share Number and/or
number and class of shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant so as to protect the rights of the Holder in a manner
consistent with such provisions; provided, that no such adjustment shall increase the Exercise Price or decrease the Warrant Share Number
except as otherwise determined pursuant to the express provisions of Section 4(a) or 4(b).

(h) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made to the nearest one-hundredth (1/100th) of a cent or to the nearest
one-tenth (l/10th) of a share, as the case may be.

(i) Notice
of Adjustments. Whenever the Exercise Price or the Warrant Share Number shall be adjusted as provided in this Section 4,
the Company shall as promptly as practicable prepare and make available to the Holder a statement showing in reasonable detail the facts
requiring such adjustment and the Exercise Price and Warrant Share Number that shall be in effect after such adjustment.

16

(j) Adjustment
Rules. Any adjustments pursuant to this Section 4 shall be made successively whenever an event referred to herein
shall occur. If an adjustment in Exercise Price made hereunder would reduce the Exercise Price to an amount below the par value of the
Common Stock, then such adjustment in Exercise Price made hereunder shall reduce the Exercise Price to the par value of the Common Stock.

(k) Proceedings
Prior to any Action Requiring Adjustment. As a condition precedent to the taking of any action which would require an adjustment
pursuant to this Section 4, the Company shall take such actions as are necessary, which may include obtaining regulatory,
stock exchange or stockholder approvals or exemptions, in order that the Company may thereafter validly and legally issue as fully paid
and nonassessable Common Shares (and any other securities, if applicable) that the Holder is entitled to receive upon exercise of this
Warrant pursuant to this Section 4.

5. Taxes;
HSR.

(a) Taxes.
The Company shall be responsible for paying all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar
taxes (Transfer Taxes) that arise from the issuance of this Warrant and any issuance of the Warrant Shares under
this Warrant.

(b) HSR
Submissions. If the Holder determines in good faith that the exercise of this Warrant is subject to notification under the Hart-Scott
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the related rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively,
the HSR Act), each of the Company and the Holder agrees to (i) cooperate with the other party in the other
partys preparing and making such submission and any responses to inquiries of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
and/or Department of Justice (DOJ); and (ii) prepare and make any submission required to be filed by the Company
or the Holder, as applicable, under the HSR Act and respond to inquiries of the FTC and DOJ in connection therewith. The Company shall
pay, or reimburse the Holder for, the costs of any required filing fees for any submissions under the HSR Act. Where the Holder notifies
the Company that, pursuant to this section, the Holder has determined that an HSR filing is required, the Company shall not issue Warrant
Shares until the expiration or early termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act.

6. Dispute
Resolution. In the case of a dispute between the Company and the Holder as to the determination of the Exercise Price, Market Price,
Volume Weighted Average Price, Major Transaction Consideration or Major Transaction Warrant Share Number, the Company shall issue, or
instruct the Transfer Agent to issue, as applicable, to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that is not disputed and shall transmit
an explanation of the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations to the Holder via email within two (2) Business Days of
receipt or deemed receipt of the Holders Exercise Form or other date of determination. If the Holder and the Company are
unable to agree upon the determination of the Exercise Price, Market Price, Volume Weighted Average Price, Major Transaction Consideration
or Major Transaction Warrant Share Number within one (1) Business Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being
transmitted to the Holder, then the Company shall promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days) submit via email (A) the
disputed determination of the Exercise Price, Market Price, Volume Weighted Average Price, Major Transaction Consideration or Major Transaction
Warrant Share Number, to an independent, reputable investment banking firm selected by the Holder and subject to the approval of the
Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), or (B) in the case of a dispute as to the arithmetic
calculation of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Volume Weighted Average Price, Major Transaction Consideration
or Major Transaction Warrant Share Number, to an independent registered public accounting firm selected by the Holder and, if not the
Companys auditors, subject to the approval of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed),
as the case may be. The Company shall direct the investment bank or the accounting firm, as the case may be, to perform the determinations
or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than two (2) Business Days from the time it receives
the disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment banks or accounting firms determination or calculation, as
the case may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent manifest error. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any such final
determination in respect of a dispute in connection with a Major Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving parent entity,
shall be made prior to the occurrence of such Major Transaction.

17

7. Frustration
of Purpose. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation,
bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or sale
of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the
rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any
Common Shares receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and (ii) shall take all such
actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Common
Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant.

8. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Warrant, the following terms have the following meanings:

Action
means any legal, regulatory or administrative proceeding, suit, investigation, arbitration or action.

Asset Sale
means a transaction described in clause (B) of the definition of Major Transaction.

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation has the meaning specified in Section 2(j) hereof.

Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant or applicable portion thereof as determined by use of the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model using the
applicable criteria set forth on Schedule A hereto.

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg Financial Markets or an equivalent, reliable reporting service mutually acceptable to and hereafter designated by the
Required Holders and the Company.

18

Business Day
means any day, except a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, on which banking institutions in the city of New York, New York are authorized
or obligated by law or executive order to close; provided, however, for clarification, bank institutions shall not be deemed
to be authorized or obligated by law or executive order to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Cash Exercise
has the meaning specified in Section 2(b) hereof.

Cashless Exercise
has the meaning specified in Section 2(c) hereof.

Closing Price
means, for any security as of any Trading Day, the closing (last sale) price per share for such security on its Principal Market on such
Trading Day (at the end of regular trading hours on such Principal Market), as reported by Bloomberg, or if no closing price per share
is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the last bid and last ask price (or if more than one in either case, the average
of the average last bid and average last ask prices) per share for such security on such Trading Day as reported in the composite transactions
for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is traded. If such security is not listed for
trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant Trading Day, then the Closing Price for such security will
be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and last ask prices per share for such security in the over-the-counter market on the
relevant Trading Day as reported by OTC Markets Group or similar organization. If the Closing Price cannot be calculated for a security
on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value per share
of such security as mutually determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company and the Required Holders.

Common Shares
means shares of Common Stock.

Common Stock
has the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Company
has the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Delivery Failure
means the Company fails to deliver Warrant Shares to Holder within any applicable Delivery Period (other than due to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

Delivery Period
means, in respect of each exercise of the Holders purchase right hereunder, the period commencing on the delivery of an Exercise
Form in respect of such exercise and ending on the deadline for delivery of the applicable Warrant Shares as set forth in Section 2(d).

DTC
has the meaning specified in Section 2(d) hereof.

DWAC
has the meaning specified in Section 2(d) hereof.

19

Event of Default
means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) a Registration Failure occurs and remains uncured for a period of more than thirty
(30) days; (ii) a Public Reporting Failure occurs and remains uncured for a period of more than thirty (30) days; (ii) a Delivery
Failure occurs and remains uncured for a period of more than ten (10) Business Days; or at any time, the Company announces or states
in writing that it will not honor its obligations to issue and deliver Common Shares to Holder upon exercise by Holder of this Warrant;
(iii) a Legend Removal Failure occurs and remains uncured for a period of ten (10) days; (iv) a Transfer Delivery Failure
occurs and remains uncured for a period of twenty (20) days; (v) the Company breaches any of its obligations under Section 4(e) hereof
in respect of a Major Transaction; (vi) the Company commits any other material breach of its obligation hereunder or under the Registration
Rights Agreement and such breach remains uncured for a period of more than thirty (30) days following notice of such breach; (vii) the
liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up (or the occurrence of any analogous proceeding) of the Company; (viii) the
Common Shares cease to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market and are not promptly re-listed on the New York
Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Global Select Market or the NASDAQ Capital Market (or, in each
case, any successor thereto); or (ix) the Common Stock ceases to be registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exercise Date
has the meaning specified in Section 2(a) hereof.

Exercise Form
has the meaning specified in Section 2(a) hereof.

Exercise Price
means $[]8 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided herein.

Holder
means the Person or Persons who shall from time to time own this Warrant.

Legend Removal
Failure means the Company fails to issue this Warrant and/or Warrant Shares without a restrictive legend, or fails to remove
a restrictive legend, when and as required under Section 2(f) hereof.

Major Transaction
means any of the following events:

(A) a
consolidation, merger, exchange of shares, tender or exchange offer, recapitalization, reorganization, business combination, purchase
or sale of shares or other similar event, (1) following which the holders of Common Stock, or of the voting power of voting stock,
immediately preceding such consolidation, merger, exchange, recapitalization, reorganization, business combination, sale of shares or
other event either (a) no longer own a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or of the shares or voting power of voting
stock of the Company or (b) no longer have the ability to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company, or (2) as
a result of which the Common Stock shall be changed into (or the holders of the shares of Common Stock become entitled to receive) the
same or a different number of shares of the same or another class or classes of stock or securities of the Company or of another entity
(other than (i) to the extent the shares of Common Stock are changed or exchanged solely to reflect a change in the Companys
jurisdiction of incorporation, (ii) any Stock Event or (iii) solely a change in par value of the Common Stock) (a Change
in Control Transaction);

8 Insert the Conversion Price in effect on the Original
Issue Date.

20

(B) the
sale, lease or transfer or other conveyance (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by way of an exclusive license), in one transaction
or a series of related transactions of (i) all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) to any Person other
than one or more of the Companys wholly-owned Subsidiaries or (ii) assets of the Company (including, for the avoidance of
doubt, assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) to any Person other than one or more of the Companys wholly-owned
Subsidiaries for a purchase price equal to more than 50% of the Enterprise Value (as defined below) of the Company. For purposes of this
clause (B), Enterprise Value shall mean (I) the product of (x) the number of issued and outstanding shares
of Common Stock on the date the Company first delivers (or by which it is first obligated to deliver) the Major Transaction/Organic Change
Notice multiplied by (y) the Closing Price of the Common Stock on such date plus (II) the aggregate principal amount of the
Companys and its consolidated subsidiaries debt as shown on the latest consolidated financial statements of the Company
and its subsidiaries filed with the Commission (the Current Financial Statements), plus (III) if applicable,
the aggregate liquidation preference of each class of the Companys outstanding preferred stock, if any, less (III) the aggregate
amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, as shown on the Current Financial Statements;

(C) the stockholders
of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company;

(D) a person
or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, the Holder or its Rule 144
Affiliates files any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing that such person or group has become the direct or indirect
beneficial owner as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act of the Companys Stock representing beneficial
ownership of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or of the shares or voting power of the Companys voting stock;
provided, that no person or group shall be deemed to be the beneficial owner of any securities tendered pursuant to a tender offer or
exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or group until such tendered securities are accepted for
purchase or exchange under such offer;

(E) the Common Stock
ceases to be listed on any Eligible Market on which it is then listed and is not immediately re-listed on another Eligible Market. For
the purposes of this clause (E), Eligible Market means the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, The Nasdaq
Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market or The Nasdaq Global Select Market (or, in each case, any successor thereto); or

(F) the Common Stock
ceases to be registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.

Major Transaction
Consideration means (a) the amount of cash, property and other assets and the number of securities or other property
of the Successor Entity, the Company or other entity that would be issuable in the Major Transaction, in respect of a number of shares
equal to the Major Transaction Warrant Share Number (assuming, for these purposes, that such shares had been issued and outstanding immediately
prior to consummation of such Major Transaction) or (b) if none of the foregoing applies, an amount in cash equal to the Black-Scholes
Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant. If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property
to be received in a Major Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Major Transaction Consideration it receives
upon a Major Transaction Repurchase (without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitation on exercise
herein, and assuming the exercise hereof for cash).

21

Major Transaction
Warrant Share Number means an amount equal to the Black-Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant determined
as of the date the applicable Major Transaction is consummated or otherwise occurs, divided by the Closing Price of the Common Stock
on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date on which the applicable Major Transaction is consummated or otherwise occurs.

Market Price
means, with respect to a share of Common Stock or any other security, on any given day, the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted
Average Price (as defined below) of the Companys Common Stock or such security on each of the five (5) consecutive Trading
Days ending immediately prior to the Exercise Date or other date of determination (or, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the
determination of the Market Price in the case of an exercise of this Warrant, or any other event, occurring on a Trading Date after the
end of regular trading hours on the applicable exchange or trading market, ending on such Exercise Date or other date of determination).
In the event that a Stock Event is consummated during any period for which the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted Average Prices
is to be determined, the Volume Weighted Average Price for all Trading Days during such period prior to the effectiveness of the Stock
Event shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such Stock Event.

Organic Change
means any merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, reorganization, reclassification, spin-off or other transaction,
other than a Major Transaction, in each case, that is effected in such a way that the outstanding Common Shares are converted into, are
exchanged for or become the right to receive (either directly or upon subsequent liquidation) cash, securities or other property.

Original Issue
Date means the date this Warrant is originally issued pursuant to the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

Person
means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization
or any other entity.

Principal Market
means, with respect to the Common Stock, the principal Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is listed, and with respect to any other
security, the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security.

Pro Rata Repurchase
means any purchase of shares of Common Stock by the Company or any subsidiary thereof pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer
subject to Section 13(e) of the Exchange Act (other than solely pursuant to an odd-lot tender offer pursuant to Rule 13e-4(h)(5) under
the Exchange Act); provided, however, that, for the avoidance of doubt, Pro Rata Repurchase shall not include
any purchase of shares by the Company or any subsidiary thereof made in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 as in effect
under the Exchange Act.

22

Public Reporting
Failure means the failure of the Company to file with the Commission in a timely manner (giving effect to any extensions pursuant
to Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) all reports and other materials required to be filed by the Company by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (provided, that the failure to file Current Reports on Form 8-K shall not be deemed
a Public Reporting Failure to the extent that Rule 144 remains available for the resale of the Warrant Shares).

Registration Failure
means the failure of the Company to use its reasonable best efforts to (A) obtain effectiveness with the SEC in respect of any Shelf
Registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, or (B) keep such Shelf Registration current, effective and available
for the resale of the Registrable Securities (including, as applicable, by amending or supplementing such Shelf Registration, as required
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement.

Registration Rights
Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2025, among the Company, and the Investors
(as defined therein) from time to time signatory thereto, as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

Required
Holders means the Holders holding a majority in interest of the Warrants.

Rule 144 Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person as of the applicable time of determination, that such Person is not as of such time a person
that is an affiliate of the Company within the meaning of Rule 144.

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Standard Settlement
Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days,
on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded as in effect on the date of delivery
of the applicable Exercise Form.

Subscription and
Exchange Agreement has the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Successor Major
Transaction means a Change in Control Transaction in which the outstanding shares of Common Stock are converted into the right
to receive cash, securities of another entity and/or other assets or an Asset Sale.

Term
has the meaning specified in Section 1 hereof.

23

Trading Day
means, in respect of any security, any day on which trading of such security occurs on its Principal Market. If the Common Shares are
not so listed or traded, then Trading Day means a Business Day.

Transfer Delivery
Failure means the Company has failed to deliver a Warrant within any applicable Transfer Delivery Period.

Unrestricted Conditions
has the meaning specified in Section 2(f)(ii) hereof.

Volume Weighted
Average Price means, with respect to a share of Common Stock or any other security as of any date, the volume weighted average
sale price on the principal United States exchange or market on which the Common Stock or such security is then being traded as reported
by, or based upon data reported by, Bloomberg, or, if no volume weighted average sale price is reported for such security, then the last
closing trade price of such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no last closing trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg,
the average of the bid prices of any market makers for such security on the OTC Bulletin Board, the OTCQX Market, the OTCQB Market or
Pink Open Market of OTC Markets Group (or, in each case, any successor to such market).

Warrant
means this Warrant and any other warrants of like tenor issued in substitution or exchange for any thereof pursuant to the provisions
of Section 2(d) hereof.

Warrant Share Number
means [_______]9, subject to adjustment as
set forth herein, including reduction for each Common Share as to which this Warrant has been exercised (whether pursuant to a Cash Exercise
or a Cashless Exercise) hereunder (subject to the Companys compliance with its obligations with respect to each such exercise
under Section 2 hereof).

Warrant Shares
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Warrants
means, collectively, this Warrant and each other warrant issued pursuant to the Subscription and Exchange Agreement and any Warrants
issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof or thereof, as any of the foregoing may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time.

9. Amendment
and Waiver. Any term, covenant, agreement or condition in this Warrant may be amended, or compliance therewith may be waived (either
generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), by a written instrument or written instruments executed
by the Company and the Holder. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification
of any provision of any of this Warrant, unless the same consideration (other than the reimbursement of legal fees) also is ratably offered
to the holders of all other Warrants.

9 Insert the quotient of (x) the aggregate Liquidation
Preference of shares of Series B Preferred Stock repurchased by the Company pursuant to the exercise of the applicable Asset Sale Put
Right or Asset Sale Call Right, as applicable, in connection with such Asset Sale Trigger, divided by (y) the Conversion Price as of
such Optional Repurchase Date or consummation of such Asset Sale Call Right, as applicable.

24

10. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Specific Performance. This Warrant and all matters concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
hereof or otherwise relating hereto shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York,
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of New York. All Actions arising out of or
relating to this Warrant shall be heard and determined in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located
in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York, and the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
and venue of such courts in any such Action and irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient forum or lack of jurisdiction to the
maintenance of any such Action. The consents to jurisdiction and venue set forth in this Section 10 shall not constitute general
consents to service of process in the State of New York and shall have no effect for any purpose except as provided in this paragraph
and shall not be deemed to confer rights on any Person other than the parties hereto. Each party hereto agrees that service of process
upon such party in any Action arising out of or relating to this Warrant shall be effective if notice is given by overnight courier at
the address set forth or referred to in Section 11 of this Warrant. The parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such Action
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable
law; provided, however, that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding,
or any appeal from, a final trial court judgment. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage for which monetary relief, even if
available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur in the event that the parties hereto do not perform the provisions of this Warrant
in accordance with its specified terms or otherwise breach such provisions. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge and agree that the parties
shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance or other equitable relief to prevent breaches of this Warrant
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in the courts without proof of damages or otherwise, this being in addition
to any other remedy to which they are entitled under this Warrant, the Subscription and Exchange Agreement or the Certificate of Designations,
and this right of specific enforcement is an integral part of the terms of this Warrant. The parties agree not to assert that a remedy
of specific enforcement is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to law or inequitable for any reason, and agree not to assert that a remedy
of monetary damages would provide an adequate remedy or that the parties otherwise have an adequate remedy at law. The parties acknowledge
and agree that any party shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with its pursuit of an injunction
or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Warrant to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof. The remedies provided in
this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant, the Subscription and Exchange Agreement,
and the Certificate of Designations at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief).

11. Notices.
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications under this Warrant shall be in writing and shall be given or made (and
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by overnight courier service, by email, or by registered
or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties hereto at the following respective addresses
(or at such other address for a party hereto as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 11):

25

(a) If
to the Holder to the address for the notice to the Holder pursuant to the Subscription and Exchange Agreement, or at such other address
or contact information delivered by the Holder to the Company in writing.

(b) If
to the Company:

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

305 N 54th Street

Chandler, Arizona 85226

E-mail: don.walther@comtech.com

Attention: Don Walther

with a copy to (which copy alone shall
not constitute notice):

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton &
Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

E-mail: rruss@paulweiss.com

Attention: Raphael M. Russo

In connection with any exercise or assignment
of this Warrant, no ink-original Exercise Form or Assignment Form, as applicable, shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Exercise Form or Assignment Form be required.

12. Successors
and Assigns. This Warrant and the rights evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Holder
and their respective successors and permitted assigns (subject to Section 2(e) with respect to the Holder); provided
that the Company shall not assign its obligations under this Warrant except to a Successor Entity in connection with a Successor Major
Transaction as provided in Section 4(e).

13. Modification
and Severability. The provisions of this Warrant will be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision
will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if any provision
of this Warrant, or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable and equitable
provision will be substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such
invalid or unenforceable provision, and (b) the remainder of this Warrant and the application of such provision to other Persons,
entities or circumstances will not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability.

14. Interpretation.
When a reference is made in this Warrant to a Section, such reference shall be to a Section of this Warrant unless otherwise indicated.
The headings contained in this Warrant are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Warrant. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Warrant,
they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The words hereof, herein
and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Warrant shall refer to this Warrant as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Warrant unless the context requires otherwise. The words date hereof when used in this Warrant
shall refer to the date of this Warrant. The terms or, any and either are not exclusive. The
word extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends,
and such phrase shall not mean simply if. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect
as the word shall. All terms defined in this Warrant shall have the defined meanings when used in any document made or
delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. The definitions contained in this Warrant are applicable to the singular
as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement,
instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement,
instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by
waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments thereto
and instruments incorporated therein. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all references to dollars or $
shall refer to, and all payments hereunder shall be made in, the lawful money of the United States. References to a Person are also to
its successors and permitted assigns. When calculating the period of time between which, within which or following which any act is to
be done or step taken pursuant to this Warrant, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded (and,
unless otherwise required by law, if the last day of such period is not a Business Day, the period in question shall end on the next
succeeding Business Day).

26

15. Withholding.

(a) On
or prior to the Original Issue Date (or in the case of any transfer, the date such transferee becomes the Holder), and thereinafter upon
reasonable request or as required under applicable laws, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, the Holder shall deliver to the
Company tax forms or other documentation (including any applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-9) reasonably satisfactory to
the Company to establish an exemption from, or a reduction in the rate of, U.S. federal withholding tax that may apply to any payment
for dividends or any constructive dividend under Section 305(c) of the Code.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, any Holder that is not a United States Person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code) (a non-U.S. Holder) agrees that, if such Holder is deemed to have received a distribution subject to U.S.
federal income tax under Section 305 of the Code as a result of an adjustment or the non-occurrence of an adjustment to the Exercise
Price or Warrant Share Number, then (i) the Company may, at its option, withhold or set off (or cause to be withheld or set off)
any applicable withholding taxes on behalf of such Holder against payments or deliveries under the Warrant, and (ii) if the Company
pays any such withholding taxes on behalf of such Holder, then the Company may, at its option, withhold from or set off such payments
against payments of cash or the delivery of the Warrant Shares or other consideration under the Warrant.

(c) The
Company shall notify, or shall cause to be notified, the applicable non-U.S. Holder of its intention to make any such withholding or
deduction the Company is required to make, as determined in good faith by the Company, hereunder reasonably in advance of doing so, and
shall reasonably consult with the Holder regarding the amount and imposition of any such withholding or deduction and use commercially
reasonable efforts to assist the Holder with claiming any exemption or reduction from such withholding or deduction allowable by applicable
laws. The Company shall provide, or shall cause to be provided, a receipt or other evidence of payment of any such taxes deducted or
withheld to such non-U.S. Holder within 30 days after making any deduction or withholding of such Taxes.

[Signature pages follow]

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has duly executed this Warrant.

Dated: [_____ __, 202_].

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title:

28

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

(To be executed by the registered holder hereof)

Reference is made to the Warrant to Purchase
Common Shares of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. No. W-[_] (the Warrant).

The undersigned hereby irrevocably exercises
the Warrant with respect to shares of common stock, par value $0.10 per share (the Common Stock), of Comtech Telecommunications
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company).

Check the applicable box:

The undersigned is exercising
the Warrant with respect to [_______] shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Cashless Exercise
resulting in a delivery obligation of the Company to the Holder of [_______] shares of Common
Stock, and makes payment of the Exercise Price with respect to such shares in full, all in
accordance with the conditions and provisions of the Warrant applicable to such Cashless
Exercise.

The undersigned is exercising
the Warrant with respect to [__________] shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Cash Exercise.
[IF APPLICABLE: The undersigned hereby encloses, or has delivered by wire transfer to an
account designated by the Company, $____ as payment of the Exercise Price.]

2. Capitalized
terms used but not otherwise defined in this Exercise Form shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Warrant.

Dated: 

Please issue shares of Common Stock in the following
name and, if applicable, to the following address:

Issue to (print name): 

Email Address: 

DTC Details (if applicable): 

Address for Stock Certificates (if applicable): 

1

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To be executed by the registered holder hereof)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto the within Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby and does irrevocably constitute and appoint
, attorney, to transfer the said Warrant on the books of the within named corporation.

Dated: Signature 

Address 

PARTIAL ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered holder hereof)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto the right to purchase Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the attached Warrant, and does
irrevocably constitute and appoint , attorney, to transfer that part of the said Warrant on the books of the within named corporation.

Dated: Signature 

Address 

B-1

Schedule A

Black-Scholes Value

Remaining

Term Number of calendar days from date of
consummation or occurrence of the Major Transaction or Event of Default until the last date on which this Warrant may be exercised.

Interest

Rate A risk-free interest rate corresponding to the US$
Treasury Yield + 0.50% for a period equal to the Remaining Term.

Cost to

Borrow 0%

Volatility If the first public announcement of the Major Transaction
is made at or prior to 4:00 p.m., New York City time, the arithmetic mean of the historical volatility for the 10, 30 and 50 Trading
Day periods ending on the day prior to the date of such first public announcement, obtained from the HVT or similar function on Bloomberg. 
If the first public announcement of the Major Transaction is made after 4:00 p.m., New York City time, the arithmetic mean of the
historical volatility for the 10, 30 and 50 Trading Day periods ending on the date of such first public announcement, obtained from
the HVT or similar function on Bloomberg.

Stock Price 

Major
Transaction:

The greatest of (1) the per
share closing (last sale) price of the Common Shares on The Nasdaq Global Market, or, if that is not the principal trading market
for the Common Shares, such principal market on which the Common Shares are traded or listed (the Closing Market Price)
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Major Transaction is consummated or otherwise occurs, (2) the
first Closing Market Price following the first public announcement of the Major Transaction, and (3) the Closing Market Price
as of the date immediately preceding the first public announcement of the Major Transaction.

Event of Default:

The greatest of (1) the Closing
Market Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Event of Default occurs, (2) the first Closing Market
Price following the first public announcement of the Event of Default, and (3) the Closing Market Price as of the date immediately
preceding the first public announcement of the Event of Default.

B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

WAIVER
AND AMENDMENT No. 2 to CREDIT AGREEMENT

This WAIVER AND AMENDMENT
NO. 2 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this "Amendment") is entered into as of March 3, 2025, by and among COMTECH
TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP., a Delaware corporation ("Comtech", and together with those additional entities that hereafter
become parties to the Credit Agreement as Borrowers in accordance with the terms thereof, each, a "Borrower" and individually
and collectively, jointly and severally, the "Borrowers"), the Lenders identified on the signature pages hereof,
WINGSPIRE CAPITAL LLC, as revolving agent for the Revolving Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns
in such capacity, "Revolving Agent"), and TCW Asset Management Company LLC,
as administrative agent for each member of the Lender Group (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity,
"Agent").

WHEREAS, Comtech, the Lenders,
Revolving Agent and Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of June 17, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement");

WHEREAS, Events of Default
have occurred and are continuing under the Credit Agreement under (i) Section 8.2(a)(iii) of the Credit Agreement as
a result of Borrowers' failure to have a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 1.20:1.0 for the 4 quarter period ended January 31,
2025 in violation of Section 7(a) of the Credit Agreement and (ii) Section 8.2(a)(iii) of the Credit Agreement
as a result of Borrowers' failure to have a Net Leverage Ratio of not greater than 3.25:1.0 for the fiscal quarter ended January 31,
2025 in violation of Section 7(b) of the Credit Agreement (collectively, the Events of Default described in clauses (i) and
(ii) above, the "Existing Events of Default"); and

WHEREAS, the Borrowers have
requested that Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders (i) waive the Existing Events of Default and (ii) agree to amend the
Credit Agreement in certain respects as more specifically set forth herein, and Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders have agreed to
the foregoing, in each case on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Defined
Terms. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed
to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

2. Waiver.
In reliance upon the representations and warranties of Borrowers set forth in Section 7 below, and subject to the satisfaction
of the conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 6 below, Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders hereby waive the
Existing Events of Default. The foregoing waiver is a limited waiver and shall not be deemed to constitute (a) a modification or
alteration of the terms, conditions or covenants of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, except as expressly set forth herein,
(b) a waiver of any other breach of, or any other Event of Default under, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (c) a
waiver, release or limitation upon the exercise by Agent or any Lender of any of its rights, legal or equitable, hereunder or under the
Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document other than as set out herein. Nothing in this Amendment shall be deemed to be an agreement,
obligation or a commitment on the part of Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender to waive or consent to any other actions by any Loan Party
not permitted by the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document.

3. Amendments
to Credit Agreement. In reliance upon the representations and warranties of Borrowers set forth in Section 7 below,
and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 6 below, the Credit Agreement is
hereby amended as follows:

(a) The
Credit Agreement is hereby amended (a) to delete red or green stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following
examples: stricken text and stricken text)
and (b) to add the blue or green double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined
text and double-underlined text), in each case, as set
forth in the conformed copy of the Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A.

(b) Exhibit B-1
(Form of Borrowing Base Certificate) to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in the
Exhibit B attached hereto.

4. Continuing
Effect. References in the Credit Agreement to "this Agreement" (and indirect references such as "hereunder",
"hereby", "herein", and "hereof") and in any Loan Document to the "Credit Agreement" shall be
deemed to be references to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby. Except as expressly set forth in Section 2 and Section 3
of this Amendment, nothing in this Amendment shall constitute a modification or alteration of the terms, conditions or covenants
of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or a waiver of any other terms or provisions thereof, and the Credit Agreement and
the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged and shall continue in full force and effect, in each case as modified hereby. This Amendment
is a Loan Document.

5. Reaffirmation
and Confirmation. Each Loan Party party hereto (and with respect to each Loan Party other than the Borrowers, by such Loan Party's
execution and delivery of the attached Consent and Reaffirmation) hereby ratifies, affirms, acknowledges and agrees that the Credit Agreement
and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party represent its valid, enforceable and collectible obligations, and further acknowledges
that there are no existing claims, defenses, personal or otherwise, or rights of setoff whatsoever with respect to the Credit Agreement
or any other Loan Document. Each Loan Party party hereto (and with respect to each Loan Party other than the Borrowers, by such Loan
Party's execution and delivery of the attached Consent and Reaffirmation) hereby agrees that this Amendment in no way acts as a release
or relinquishment of the Liens and rights securing payments of the Obligations. The Liens and rights securing payment of the Obligations
as amended by this Amendment are hereby ratified and confirmed by each Loan Party party hereto (and with respect to each Loan Party other
than the Borrowers, by such Loan Party's execution and delivery of the attached Consent and Reaffirmation) in all respects.

- 2 -

6. Conditions
to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Amendment is expressly conditioned upon the satisfaction of each of the following conditions
precedent in a manner satisfactory to Agent and Revolving Agent:

(a) Agent
and Revolving Agent shall have received a copy of this Amendment, and the attached Consent and Reaffirmation, executed and delivered
by Agent, Revolving Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties;

(b) Agent
and Revolving Agent shall have received a copy of an amendment to the Agreement Among Lenders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent and Revolving Agent and duly executed by Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders;

(c) Agent
shall have received a copy of an amendment to the Specified Preferred Subordination Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent and duly executed by Agent, the Specified Preferred Lenders and the Loan Parties;

(d) Agent
and Revolving Agent shall have received a true, complete and correct copy of the executed Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Specified
Preferred Subordinated Credit Agreement reflecting the issuance of additional Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt in the aggregate
principal amount of $40,000,000, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Revolving Agent;

(e) the
Borrowers shall have paid Agent and Revolving Agent for all Lender Group Expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
attorneys' fees and expenses) payable to Agent and Revolving Agent, as applicable, on or prior to the closing date of this Amendment;

(f) Agent
shall have received an executed copy of that certain Second Amendment to Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, among Borrowers and
Agent;

(g) Agent
shall have received an executed copy of that certain Amendment No.
2 Revolver Fee Letter; Amendment to Revolver Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, among Borrowers and Revolving Agent;

(h) the
Borrowers shall have paid the Term Loan Amendment Fee (as defined below) as set forth in Section 8 below;

(i) from
the proceeds of the additional Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt,
Agent shall have received a partial principal repayment on the Term Loan in the amount of $27,252,284.15, which shall be applied in the
inverse order of maturity (for the avoidance of doubt, any amount that is due and payable on the Maturity Date shall constitute an installment)
(the "Amendment No. 2 Term Loan Paydown");

(j) from the proceeds of the additional Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt,
Revolving Agent shall have received a partial principal payment on the Revolving Loans in the amount of $9,084,094.72 (the "Amendment
No. 2 Revolving Loans Paydown"), the proceeds of $3,179,433.15 of which shall be utilized to permanently reduce the Revolver
Commitment in like amount (the "Amendment No. 2 Revolver Commitment Reduction"; and, together with the Amendment No.
2 Term Loan Paydown and the Amendment No. 2 Revolving Loans Paydown, the "Amendment No. 2 Paydowns and Commitment Reduction");

- 3 -

(k) Agent
and Revolving Agent shall have received all other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Amendment and such documents shall have been delivered or executed or recorded and shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Agent
and Revolving Agent;

(l) the
representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Section 7 below shall be true and correct as of the date
hereof; and

(m) after
giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date hereof or as of the
effectiveness of this Amendment.

7. Representations
and Warranties. In order to induce Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each Loan Party party hereto
(and with respect to each Loan Party other than the Borrowers, by such Loan Party's execution and delivery of the attached Consent and
Reaffirmation) hereby represents and warrants to Agent, Revolving Agent and Lenders that:

(a) after
giving effect to this Amendment, each of the representations and warranties of each Loan Party or its Subsidiaries contained in the Credit
Agreement or in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall
not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on
and as of the date hereof (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case
such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall
not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof)) as
of such earlier date;

(b) after
giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(c) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of such
Loan Party and this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party; and

(d) this
Amendment, the attached Consent and Reaffirmation and the Loan Documents, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations
of the Loan Parties and are enforceable against such Loan Parties in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforcement may
be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or limiting
creditors' rights generally.

8. Amendment
Fee. In consideration of the agreements of Agent and the Term Loan Lenders contained herein, the Borrowers hereby agree to pay to
Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Term Loan Lenders, a fully-earned and non-refundable amendment fee of $2,106,603.84 (the "Term
Loan Amendment No. 2 Fee"), which Term Loan Amendment No. 2 Fee shall be due and payable on the date hereof and,
of which, (i) $702,201.28 shall be paid in cash on the date hereof and (ii) $1,404,402.57 shall be paid in kind on the date
hereof by adding such amount to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan.

- 4 -

9. Post-Closing
Covenants.

(a) No
later than 30 days after the date hereof (or such later date as Agent may agree to in writing in its sole discretion), Borrowers shall
deliver to Agent (with copies to Revolving Agent) evidence, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, that an amended management
incentive compensation plan has been implemented and is, as of such date, effective.

(b) No
later than 15 days after the date hereof (or such later date as Agent may agree to in writing in its sole discretion), Borrowers shall
(i) cause each of CSNTI Products Co, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("CSNTI Products"), and CMTL Services
Co, LLC, a Texas limited liability company ("CMTL Services"; and together with CSNTI Products, the "NewCos"),
to provide to Agent a joinder to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, together with such other security agreements, as well as appropriate
financing statements, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent (including being sufficient to grant Agent a first priority
Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in and to the assets of the NewCos, (ii) provide (in the case of CMTL Services) and cause Comtech
Satellite Network Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation to provide (in the case of CSNTI Products) to Agent an addendum to
the Guaranty and Security Agreement and appropriate certificates and powers or financing statements, pledging all of the direct or beneficial
ownership interest in the NewCos in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, and (iii) provide to Agent the Governing
Documents of, and authorizing resolutions from, each NewCo and opinions of counsel reasonably satisfactory to Agent, which, in its opinion,
is reasonably appropriate with respect to the execution and delivery of the applicable documentation referred to above.

(c) No
later than 14 days after the date hereof, Agent shall have received updated Projections for the fiscal year ending on July 31,
2025 from the Borrowers, which shall include a detailed liquidity management plan and corporate cost rationalization plan, in form and
substance reasonable satisfactory to Agent.

(d) On
or before July 31, 2025, Agent shall have received updated cash flow projections for Comtech and its Subsidiaries through April 30,
2026, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.

The failure of the Loan Parties to comply with
any covenant in this Section 9 shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the Credit Agreement (without any notice
or grace or cure period).

10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Expenses.
The Borrowers agree to pay on demand all Lender Group Expenses of Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders in connection with the preparation,
negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Amendment in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement.

- 5 -

(b) Severability.
Each provision of this Amendment shall be severable from every other provision of this Amendment for the purpose of determining the legal
enforceability of any specific provision.

(c) Choice
of Law and Venue; Jury Trial Waiver. Without limiting the applicability of any other provision of the Credit Agreement or any other
Loan Document, the terms and provisions set forth in Section 12 of the Credit Agreement are expressly incorporated herein by reference;
provided, that, to the extent that (i) the reaffirmation and confirmation given by the Loan Parties in Section 5
hereof and (ii) the attached Consent and Reaffirmation executed and delivered by the Loan Parties relate to matters contained
in Loan Documents governed by, and construed in accordance with laws other than the state of New York, the laws governing those Loan
Documents shall apply thereto.

(d) Counterparts;
Electronic Execution. Without limiting the applicability of any other provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document,
the terms and provisions set forth in Section 17.7 of the Credit Agreement are expressly incorporated herein by reference.

11. Release.
In consideration of the agreements of Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its respective successors and assigns,
hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders, and
their successors and assigns, and their present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors,
officers, attorneys, employees, agents and other representatives (Agent, Revolving Agent, each Lender and all such other Persons being
hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Releasees" and individually as a "Releasee"), of and from
all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, sums of money, accounts, bills,
reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually,
a "Claim" and collectively, "Claims") of every name and nature, known as of the date of this Amendment,
both at law and in equity, which such Loan Party, or any of its respective successors or assigns may now or hereafter own, hold, have
or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for, upon, or by reason of any circumstance, action, cause or thing whatsoever
which arises at any time on or prior to the day and date of this Amendment, in each case for or on account of, or in relation to, or
in any way in connection with any of the Credit Agreement, or any of the other Loan Documents or transactions thereunder or related thereto,
except with respect to any Claim against any Releasee not known to a Loan Party on the date hereof that a court of competent jurisdiction
finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Releasee or its officers, directors, employees,
attorneys or agents.

[Signature Pages Follow]

- 6 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized and delivered as of the date first above written.

BORROWER:

COMTECH
TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP., a Delaware corporation, as a Borrower

By: /s/ Michael
A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2
to Credit Agreement

TCW ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC,
as Agent

By: /s/ Suzanne
Grosso

Name: Suzanne Grosso

Title: Managing Director

WINGSPIRE CAPITAL LLC, as Revolving Agent and a Revolving Lender

By: /s/ Brian
Long

Name: Brian Long

Title: Managing Director

TCW RESCUE FINANCING FUND II LP, as
a Lender

By TCW Asset Management Company LLC, its
Investment Advisor

By: /s/ Suzanne Grosso

Name: Suzanne Grosso

Title: Managing Director

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2
to Credit Agreement

CLOVER
PRIVATE CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES ORIGINATION II LP, as a Term Loan Lender

By:
UBS Asset Management (Americas) LLC, as Investment Manager

By: /s/ Rodrigo Trelles

Name: Rodrigo Trelles

Title: Managing Director

By:
UBS Asset Management (Americas) LLC, as Investment Manager

By: /s/ Baxter Wasson

Name: Baxter Wasson

Title: Managing Director

CLOVER
ZERMATT O LLC, as a Term Loan Lender

By:
UBS Asset Management (Americas) LLC, as Investment Manager

By: /s/ Rodrigo Trelles

Name: Rodrigo Trelles

Title: Managing Director

By:
UBS Asset Management (Americas) LLC, as Investment Manager

By: /s/ Baxter Wasson

Name: Baxter Wasson

Title: Managing Director

Signature
Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement

TRIFOLIUM
O SEE LLC, as a Term Loan Lender

By:
UBS Asset Management (Americas) LLC, as Investment Manager

By: /s/ Rodrigo Trelles

Name: Rodrigo Trelles

Title: Managing Director

By:
UBS Asset Management (Americas) LLC, as Investment Manager

By: /s/ Baxter Wasson

Name: Baxter Wasson

Title: Managing Director

Signature
Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement

CEDAR
CREST 2022-1 LLC, as a Term Loan Lender

By: /s/ Donald J. Puglisi

Name: Donald J. Puglisi

Title: Manager

SHAWNEE
2024-1, LLC, as a Term Loan Lender

By: /s/ Donald J. Puglisi

Name: Donald J. Puglisi

Title: Manager

Signature
Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement

CONSENT
AND REAFFIRMATION

Each Guarantor hereby (i) acknowledges
receipt of a copy of the foregoing Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement (the "Amendment"; capitalized
terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Amendment), (ii) consents to
each Borrower's execution and delivery of the Amendment; (iii) agrees to be bound by the Amendment (including, without limitation,
Section 11 thereof); (iv) affirms that nothing contained in the Amendment shall modify in any respect whatsoever any
Loan Document to which it is a party except as expressly set forth therein; and (v) ratifies, affirms, acknowledges and agrees
that each of the Loan Documents to which such Guarantor is a party represents the valid, enforceable and collectible obligations of such
Guarantor, and further acknowledges that there are no existing claims, defenses, personal or otherwise, or rights of setoff whatsoever
with respect to the Credit Agreement or any other such Loan Document. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that the Amendment in no way acts
as a release or relinquishment of the Liens and rights securing payments of the Obligations as amended by the Amendment. The Liens and
rights securing payment of the Obligations as amended by the Amendment are hereby ratified and confirmed by such Guarantor in all respects.
Although each Guarantor has been informed of the matters set forth herein and has acknowledged and agreed to same, each Guarantor understands
that none of Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender has any obligation to inform any Guarantor of such matters in the future or to seek
any Guarantor's acknowledgment or agreement to future amendments, waivers or consents, and nothing herein shall create such a duty.

Without limiting the applicability
of any other provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, the terms and provisions set forth in Section 12 of
the Credit Agreement are expressly incorporated herein by reference; provided that, to the extent that (i) the reaffirmation
and confirmation given by the Loan Parties in Section 5 of the Amendment and (ii) this Consent and Reaffirmation relate
to matters contained in Loan Documents governed by, and construed in accordance with laws other than the state of New York, the laws
governing those Loan Documents shall apply thereto.

[Signature Pages Follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the undersigned has executed this Consent and Reaffirmation on and as of the date of the Amendment.

COMTECH
SATELLITE NETWORK TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

SOLACOM
TECHNOLOGIES (US), INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

NG-911, INC.,
an Iowa corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

TELECOMMUNICATIONS
SYSTEMS, INC., a Maryland corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
SYSTEMS INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Consent and Reaffirmation
Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement

MICRODATA,
LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

NEXTGEN
COMMUNICATIONS INC., a Maryland corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

NEXTGEN
COMMUNICATIONS INC., a Virginia corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
NEXTGEN LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

COMTECH
MOBILE DATACOM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer

Consent
and Reaffirmation Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement

COMTECH
TACTICAL EUROPE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

MICRODATA
GIS, INC., a Vermont corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

MAPLE
ACQUISITION LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

OLIVE
ACQUISITION LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

ANGELS
ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

Consent
and Reaffirmation Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement

COMTECH
AEROASTRO, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
ANTENNA SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
COMSTREAM, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
TOLT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

Consent
and Reaffirmation Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement

TIERNAN
RADYNE COMSTREAM, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

NETWORKS
IN MOTION, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

SOLVERN
INNOVATIONS, INC., a Maryland corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
SATELLITE NETWORK TECHNOLOGIES CORP., a Canadian federal corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: 

Chief Accounting Officer

COMTECH
SOLACOM TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Canadian federal corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: 

Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Secretary

Consent
and Reaffirmation Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement

COMTECH
UK HOLDINGS LIMITED, a United Kingdom Limited Corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Director

CGC TECHNOLOGY
LIMITED, a United Kingdom Limited Corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Director

Consent
and Reaffirmation Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement

EXHIBIT A

Amended Credit Agreement

(see attached)

EXHIBIT A
TO WAIVER AND AMENDMENT NO. 12
TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

THE
FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS SUPPLIED SOLELY FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THE TERM LOAN UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE TREATED AS HAVING
BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ("OID")
WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1273 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "IRC"),
AND THIS LEGEND IS REQUIRED BY SECTION 1275(c) OF THE IRC. BEGINNING NO LATER THAN JUNE 17, 2024, A LENDER MAY, UPON REQUEST,
OBTAIN FROM THE BORROWERS THE ISSUE PRICE, ISSUE DATE, AMOUNT OF OID AND YIELD TO MATURITY OF EACH TERM LOAN MADE BY SUCH LENDER
BY CONTACTING MICHAEL BONDI, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AT (631) 962-7106 68 South Service Road,
Suite 230, Melville, New York 11747.

CREDIT AGREEMENT

by and among

TCW ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC,

as Agent,

WINGSPIRE CAPITAL LLC,

as Revolving Agent,

THE LENDERS THAT ARE PARTIES HERETO

as the Lenders,

and

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.,

and

THE OTHER BORROWERS THAT ARE PARTIES

FROM TIME TO TIME HERETO,

collectively, as the Borrowers

Dated as of June 17, 2024

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 1

1.1. Definitions 1

1.2. Accounting Terms 64

1.3. Code; PPSA 65

1.4. Construction 65

1.5. Time References 66

1.6. Schedules and Exhibits 66

1.7. Divisions 66

1.8. Rates 66

1.9. Quebec Interpretation 67

2. LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT 68

2.1. Revolving Loans 68

2.2. Term Loan 69

2.3. Borrowing Procedures and Settlements 70

2.4. Payments; Reductions of Commitments; Prepayments 75

2.5. Promise to Pay; Promissory Notes 82

2.6. Interest Rates; Rates, Payments, and Calculations 83

2.7. Crediting Payments 85

2.8. Designated Account 85

2.9. [Reserved] 85

2.10. Fees 85

2.11. [Reserved] 86

2.12. SOFR Option 86

2.13. Capital Requirements 90

2.14. [Reserved] 91

2.15. Joint and Several Liability of Borrowers 91

3. CONDITIONS; TERM OF AGREEMENT 95

3.1. Conditions Precedent to the Initial Extension of Credit 95

3.2. Conditions Precedent to all Extensions of Credit 95

3.3. Maturity 95

3.4. Effect of Maturity 95

-i-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued) 

Page

3.5. Early Termination by Borrowers 96

3.6. Post-Closing Covenants 96

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 96

4.1. Due Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries 96

4.2. Due Authorization; No Conflict 97

4.3. Governmental Consents 98

4.4. Binding Obligations; Perfected Liens 98

4.5. Title to Assets; No Encumbrances 98

4.6. Litigation 99

4.7. Compliance with Laws 99

4.8. No Material Adverse Effect 99

4.9. Solvency 99

4.10. Employee Benefits 100

4.11. Environmental Condition 101

4.12. Complete Disclosure 101

4.13. Patriot Act, etc. 102

4.14. [Reserved] 102

4.15. Payment of Taxes 102

4.16. Margin Stock 102

4.17. Governmental Regulation 102

4.18. OFAC; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws 103

4.19. Employee and Labor Matters 103

4.20. [Reserved] 104

4.21. Leases 104

4.22. [Reserved] 104

4.23. [Reserved] 104

4.24. Location of Inventory 104

4.25. Inventory Records 104

4.26. [Reserved] 104

4.27. Hedge Agreements 104

4.28. Material Contracts 104

4.29. Non-Loan Party Subsidiaries 104

4.30. Centre of Main Interests 104

-ii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued) 

Page

5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 105

5.1. Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates 105

5.2. Reporting 105

5.3. Existence 105

5.4. Maintenance of Properties 105

5.5. Taxes 105

5.6. Insurance 105

5.7. Inspection 106

5.8. Compliance with Laws 107

5.9. Environmental 107

5.10. Disclosure Updates 109

5.11. Formation of Subsidiaries 110

5.12. Further Assurances 110

5.13. Lender Meetings; Board Materials; Board Observation Rights 111

5.14. Location of Inventory; Chief Executive Office 112

5.15. OFAC; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws 112

5.16. Material Contracts 113

5.17. Compliance with ERISA and the IRC 113

5.18. UK Pensions 113

5.19. People with Significant Control Regime 113

5.20. Financial Advisor 114

5.21. Weekly Calls 114

5.22 Independent Directors 114

6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 115

6.1. Indebtedness 115

6.2. Liens 115

6.3. Restrictions on Fundamental Changes 115

6.4. Disposal of Assets 116

6.5. Nature of Business 116

6.6. Prepayments, Payments of Certain Indebtedness and Amendments 116

6.7. Restricted Payments 117

6.8. Accounting Methods 118

-iii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued) 

Page

6.9. Investments 118

6.10. Transactions with Affiliates 118

6.11. Use of Proceeds 119

6.12. Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests 120

6.13. Inventory with Bailees 120

6.14. Sale Leaseback Transactions 120

6.15. Employee Benefits 120

6.16. Non-Loan Party Subsidiaries 121

6.17. Canadian Pension Matters 121

6.18. Anti-Layering 121

6.19. Tax Classification 121

7. FINANCIAL COVENANTS 121

8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 123

8.1. Payments 123

8.2. Covenants 123

8.3. Judgments 124

8.4. Voluntary Bankruptcy 124

8.5. Involuntary Bankruptcy 124

8.6. Default Under Other Agreements 125

8.7. Representations 125

8.8. Guaranty 125

8.9. Security Documents 125

8.10. Loan Documents 125

8.11. Change of Control 125

8.12. ERISA 126

8.13. Senior Indebtedness 126

8.14. Material Contracts 126

8.15. Conduct of Business 126

9. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 126

9.1. Rights and Remedies 126

9.2. Remedies Cumulative 127

9.3. Curative Equity 127

-iv-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued) 

Page

10. WAIVERS; INDEMNIFICATION 129

10.1. Demand; Protest; etc. 129

10.2. The Lender Group's Liability for Collateral 129

10.3. Indemnification 130

11. NOTICES 130

12. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER 132

13. ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS; SUCCESSORS 134

13.1. Assignments and Participations 134

13.2. Successors 138

13.3. Interlender Matters 138

14. AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS 139

14.1. Amendments and Waivers 139

14.2. Replacement of Certain Lenders 141

14.3. No Waivers; Cumulative Remedies 141

15. AGENT; THE LENDER GROUP 142

15.1. Appointment and Authorization of Agent and Revolving Agent 142

15.2. Delegation of Duties 143

15.3. Liability of Agent 143

15.4. Reliance by Agent and Revolving Agent 144

15.5. Notice of Default or Event of Default 144

15.6. Credit Decision 145

15.7. Costs and Expenses; Indemnification 146

15.8. Agent and Revolving Agent in Individual Capacity 146

15.9. Successor Agent and Revolving Agent 147

15.10. Lender in Individual Capacity 147

15.11. Collateral Matters 148

15.12. Restrictions on Actions by Lenders; Sharing of Payments 149

15.13. Agency for Perfection 149

15.14. Payments by Agent to the Lenders 149

15.15. Concerning the Collateral and Related Loan Documents 150

15.16. [Reserved] 150

15.17. Several Obligations; No Liability 150

15.18. Appointment of Agent as UK security trustee 150

-v-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued) 

Page

16. WITHHOLDING TAXES 154

16.1. Payments 154

16.2. Exemptions 154

16.3. Reductions 156

16.4. Refunds 157

16.5. Administrative Agent 157

17. GENERAL PROVISIONS 157

17.1. Effectiveness 157

17.2. Section Headings 158

17.3. Interpretation 158

17.4. Severability of Provisions 158

17.5. Bank Product Providers 158

17.6. Debtor-Creditor Relationship 159

17.7. Counterparts; Electronic Execution 159

17.8. Revival and Reinstatement of Obligations 159

17.9. Confidentiality 160

17.10. Survival 162

17.11. Patriot Act; Due Diligence 162

17.12. Integration 162

17.13. Comtech as Agent for Borrowers 163

17.14. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 163

17.15. Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation 164

17.16. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 164

17.17. Currency Indemnity 165

17.18. Erroneous Payments 165

17.19. UK Loan Party Limitations 168

-vi-

EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES

Exhibit A-1 Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit B-1 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate

Exhibit C-1 Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit D-1 Form of Notice of Borrowing

Exhibit J-1 Form of Joinder

Exhibit L-1 Form of SOFR Notice

Exhibit P-1 Form of Perfection Certificate

Exhibit P-2 Form of PIK Election Notice

Exhibits T-1 to T-4 Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

Schedule A-1 Agent's Account

Schedule A-2 Revolving Agent's Account

Schedule A-3 Authorized Persons

Schedule C-1 Commitments

Schedule D-1 Designated Account

Schedule P-1 Permitted Indebtedness

Schedule P-2 Permitted Investments

Schedule P-3 Permitted Liens

Schedule R-1 Real Property Collateral

Schedule 3.1 Conditions Precedent

Schedule 3.6 Post-Closing Covenants

Schedule 4.1(b) Capitalization of Loan Parties

Schedule 4.1(c) Capitalization of Loan Parties' Subsidiaries

Schedule 4.1(d) Subscriptions, Options, Warrants, Calls

Schedule 4.6(b) Litigation

Schedule 4.10 Employee Benefits

Schedule 4.11 Environmental Matters

Schedule 4.24 Location of Inventory

Schedule 4.28 Material Contracts

Schedule 5.1 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates

Schedule 5.2 Collateral Reporting

Schedule 6.5 Nature of Business

-vii-

CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS
CREDIT AGREEMENT, is entered into as of June 17, 2024 by and among the lenders identified on the signature pages hereof
(each of such lenders, together with its successors and permitted assigns, is referred to hereinafter as a "Lender",
as that term is hereinafter further defined), TCW ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC, as administrative agent for each member of the
Lender Group (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, "Agent"), WINGSPIRE CAPITAL
LLC, as revolving agent for the Revolving Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, "Revolving
Agent"), COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP., a Delaware corporation ("Comtech"; and together with and those
additional entities that hereafter become parties hereto as Borrowers in accordance with the terms hereof by executing the form of Joinder
attached hereto as Exhibit J-1, each, a "Borrower" and individually and collectively, jointly and severally,
the "Borrowers").

The parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.

1.1. Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following definitions:

"Account" means
an account (as that term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable).

"Account Debtor"
means any Person who is obligated on an Account, chattel paper, or a general intangible.

"Accounting Changes"
means changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (or successor thereto or any agency with similar
functions).

"Acquired Indebtedness"
means Indebtedness of a Person whose assets or Equity Interests are acquired by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in a Permitted
Acquisition; provided, that such Indebtedness (a) is either purchase money Indebtedness or a Capital Lease with respect to
Equipment or mortgage financing with respect to Real Property, (b) was in existence prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition,
and (c) was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition.

"Acquisition"
means (a) the purchase or other acquisition by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets of (or any
division or business line of) any other Person, or (b) the purchase or other acquisition (whether by means of a merger, amalgamation,
consolidation, or otherwise) by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all of the Equity Interests of any other Person.

"Additional Documents"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.12 of this Agreement.

"Administrative Borrower"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.13 of this Agreement.

"Administrative Questionnaire"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(a)(ii)(G) of this Agreement.

"Affected Financial
Institution" means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

"Affected Lender"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.13(b) of this Agreement.

"Affiliate"
means, as applied to any Person, any other Person who controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes
of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, of the power
to direct the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of Equity Interests, by contract, or otherwise; provided,
that for purposes of Section 6.10 of this Agreement: (a) if any Person owns directly or indirectly 10% or more of the
Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other members of the governing body of a Person or 10%
or more of the partnership or other ownership interests of a Person (other than as a limited partner of such Person), then both such Persons
shall be Affiliates of each other, (b) each director (or comparable manager) of a Person shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of such
Person, and (c) each partnership in which a Person is a general partner shall be deemed an Affiliate of such Person.

"Agent" has
the meaning specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement.

"Agent Assignee"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18(d) of this Agreement.

"Agent-Related Persons"
means Agent and Revolving Agent, together with their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents.

"Agent's Account"
means the Deposit Account of Agent identified on Schedule A-1 to this Agreement (or such other Deposit Account of Agent that has
been designated as such, in writing, by Agent to Borrowers and the Lenders).

"Agent's Liens"
means the Liens granted by each Loan Party or its Subsidiaries to Agent under the Loan Documents and securing the Obligations.

"Agreement"
means this Credit Agreement, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

"Agreement Among Lenders"
means that certain Agreement Among Lenders, dated as of the Closing Date, among Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders, as the same may
be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof
and hereof.

-2-

"Amendment No. 1
Availability Block Amount" means $27,500,000.

"Amendment No. 1
Closing Date" means October 17, 2024.

"Amendment No. 1
Revolver Fee Letter" means that certain letter agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date, by and between Comtech
and Revolving Agent with respect to, among other things, fees to be paid to Revolving Agent for the benefit of Revolving Lenders on the
Amendment No. 1 Closing Date.

"Amendment No. 2 Revolver Fee Letter" means that certain letter agreement,
dated as of the Amendment No. 2 Closing Date, by and between Comtech and Revolving
Agent with respect to, among other things, fees to be paid to Revolving Agent for the benefit
of Revolving Lenders on the Amendment No. 2 Closing Date.

"Amendment No. 2 Closing Date" means March 3, 2025.

"Anti-Corruption Laws"
means the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, as amended, and all other applicable laws and regulations or ordinances concerning or relating
to bribery, money laundering or corruption in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is located
or is doing business.

"Anti-Money Laundering
Laws" means the applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
is located or is doing business that relates to money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering, or any financial record keeping
and reporting requirements related thereto.

"Applicable Margin"
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable:

(a) With
respect to any Revolving Loan (or any portion thereof):

(i) The
applicable margin set forth in the following table that corresponds to the Average Revolver Usage during the immediately preceding quarter
as certified and delivered to Agent and Revolving Agent pursuant to Section 5.1 of this Agreement and acceptable to Revolving
Agent (the "Average Revolver Usage Calculation"); provided, that for the period from the Closing Date through
the date Agent and Revolving Agent receive the Average Revolver Usage Calculation in respect of the testing period ending October 31,
2024, the Applicable Margin with respect to any Revolving Loan (or any portion thereof) shall be set at the margin in the row styled "Level
II"; provided further, that any time an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Applicable Margin shall be set
at the margin in the row styled "Level III":

-3-

Level Average Revolver Usage Applicable Margin Relative

to Base Rate Loans

(the "Revolving Loan Base 

Rate Margin") Applicable Margin

Relative to SOFR Loans

(the "Revolving Loan SOFR 

Margin")

I If the Average Revolver Usage is less than $32,500,000 4.75 percentage points 5.75 percentage points

II If the Average Revolver Usage is greater than or equal to $32,500,000 and less than $50,000,000 5.00 percentage points 6.00 percentage points

III If the Average Revolver Usage is greater than or equal to $50,000,000 5.25 percentage points 6.25 percentage points

(ii) Except
as set forth in the foregoing proviso, the Applicable Margin with respect to any Revolving Loan (or any portion thereof) shall be based
upon the most recent Average Revolver Usage Calculation, which will be calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter; provided,
that during any Going Concern Period, each applicable Revolving Loan Base Rate Margin and Revolving Loan SOFR Margin shall be increased
by 0.25 percentage points until the occurrence of a Going Concern Rescission Event. Except as set forth in the foregoing proviso, the
Applicable Margin with respect to any Revolving Loan (or any portion thereof) shall be re-determined quarterly on the first Business Day
of the month following the date of delivery to Agent and Revolving Agent of the certified calculation of the Average Revolver Usage for
each fiscal quarter pursuant to Section 5.1 of this Agreement; provided, that if Borrowers fail to provide such certification
when such certification is due, the Applicable Margin with respect to any Revolving Loan (or any portion thereof) shall be set at the
margin in the row styled "Level III" as of the first day of the month following the date on which the certification was required
to be delivered. In the event that the information regarding the Average Revolver Usage contained in any certificate delivered pursuant
to Section 5.1 of this Agreement is shown to be inaccurate, and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application
of a higher Applicable Margin for any period (an "Applicable Period") than the Applicable Margin with respect to any
Revolving Loan (or any portion thereof) actually applied for such Applicable Period, then (i) Borrowers shall immediately deliver
to Agent a correct certificate for such Applicable Period, (ii) the Applicable Margin with respect to any Revolving Loan (or any
portion thereof) shall be determined as if the correct Applicable Margin (as set forth in the table above) were applicable for such Applicable
Period, and (iii) Borrowers shall immediately deliver to Agent full payment in respect of the accrued additional interest as a result
of such increased Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period, which payment shall be promptly applied by Agent to the affected Obligations;
and

(b) With
respect to any Term Loan Obligation:

(i) For
the period from the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date through but not including the first Business Day of the month following the Term
Loan Pricing Reset Trigger Date (such period, the "Initial Pricing Period"), (A) with respect to any Base Rate Loan,
12.009.50%,
and (B) with respect to any SOFR Loan, 13.0010.50%.

-4-

(ii) For
the period after and including the first Business Day of the month following the Term Loan Pricing Reset Trigger Date (such period, the
"Pricing Grid Period"), the applicable margin set forth in the following table that corresponds to the most recent Net
Leverage Ratio calculation delivered to Agent pursuant to Section 5.1 of this Agreement (the "Net Leverage Ratio Calculation");
provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any time following the Term Loan Pricing Reset Trigger Date the Net Leverage Ratio
is greater than or equal to 3.25:1.0 or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Applicable Margin shall be set at the
margin in the row styled "Level IV":

Level Net Leverage

Ratio Calculation Applicable Margin Relative

to Base Rate Loans

(the "Term Loan Base Rate

Margin") Applicable Margin

Relative to SOFR Loans

(the "Term Loan SOFR

Margin")

I If the Net Leverage Ratio is less than 1.75:1.0 7.50 percentage points 8.50 percentage points

II If the Net Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 1.75:1.0 and less than 2.50:1.0 8.00 percentage points 9.00 percentage points

III If the Net Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 2.50:1.0 and less than 3.25:1.0 8.50 percentage points 9.50 percentage points

IV If the Net Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 3.25:1.0 9.00 percentage points 10.00 percentage points

Except as set forth in the foregoing proviso,
following the Term Loan Pricing Reset Trigger Date, the Applicable Margin with respect to any Term Loan Obligation shall be based upon
the most recent Net Leverage Ratio Calculation, which will be calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter; provided, that during
any Going Concern Period, each applicable Term Loan Base Rate Margin and Term Loan SOFR Margin shall be increased by 1.00 percentage points
until the occurrence of a Going Concern Rescission Event. Except as set forth in the foregoing provisos, following the Term Loan Pricing
Reset Trigger Date, the Applicable Margin with respect to any Term Loan Obligation shall be re-determined quarterly on the first Business
Day of the month following the date of delivery to Agent of the certified calculation of the Net Leverage Ratio pursuant to Section 5.1
of this Agreement; provided, that if Borrowers fail to provide such certification when such certification is due, the Applicable
Margin with respect to any Term Loan Obligation shall be set at the margin in the row styled "Level IV" as of the first day
of the month following the date on which the certification was required to be delivered. In the event that the information regarding the
Net Leverage Ratio contained in any certificate delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 of this Agreement is shown to be inaccurate,
and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin for any Applicable Period than the
Applicable Margin actually applied for such Applicable Period, then (A) Borrowers shall immediately deliver to Agent a correct certificate
for such Applicable Period, (B) the Applicable Margin with respect to any Term Loan Obligation shall be determined as if the correct
Applicable Margin (as set forth in the table above) were applicable for such Applicable Period, and (C) Borrowers shall immediately
deliver to Agent full payment in respect of the accrued additional interest as a result of such increased Applicable Margin for such Applicable
Period, which payment shall be promptly applied by Agent to the affected Obligations.

-5-

(iii) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, solely during
the Pricing Grid Period, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, at the election of
Administrative Borrower, on a quarterly basis, a portion of the Applicable Margin with respect to any Term Loan Obligation up to the Applicable
PIK Margin may be paid in kind by adding such interest to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan ("PIK Interest")
by Administrative Borrower delivering to Agent a PIK Election Notice prior to 3:00 p.m. at least three (3) Business Days prior
to the commencement of the applicable fiscal quarter (the "PIK Election Deadline").

"Applicable Period"
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"Applicable PIK Margin"
means (a) during the Initial Pricing Period, 7.50 percentage points, and (b) during
the Pricing Grid Period, 2.50 percentage points.

"Application Event"
means the occurrence of (a) a failure by Borrowers to repay all of the Obligations in full on the Maturity Date, or (b) an Event
of Default and the election by Agent or the Required Lenders to require that payments and proceeds of Collateral be applied pursuant to
Section 2.4(b)(iii) of this Agreement.

"Assignee"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(a) of this Agreement.

"Assignment and Acceptance"
means an Assignment and Acceptance Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 to this Agreement, or such other form
acceptable to Agent.

"Authorized Person"
means any one of the individuals identified as an officer of a Borrower on Schedule A-3 to this Agreement, as such Schedule is
updated from time to time by written notice from Administrative Borrower to Agent.

"Available Cash"
means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents of the US Loan Parties and Canadian Loan Parties
that is in Deposit Accounts or in Securities Accounts, or any combination thereof.

"Availability"
means, as of any date of determination, the amount that Borrowers are entitled to borrow as Revolving Loans under Section 2.1
of this Agreement (after giving effect to the then outstanding Revolver Usage).

-6-

"Available Tenor"
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if such Benchmark is a
term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period
pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component
thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark
pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark
that is then-removed from the definition of "Interest Period" pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(D).

"Average Liquidity"
means, with respect to any fiscal quarter, the sum of the aggregate amount of Liquidity for each week in such period (calculated as of
the end of each applicable week) divided by the number of weeks in such period.

"Average
Revolver Usage" means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the average daily amount of Revolver Usage
during the most recently ended fiscal quarter or, solely with respect to the Unused Line Fee and the Minimum Interest Fee (as defined
in the Revolver Fee Letter), most recently ended calendar month, as reflected in the most recently delivered applicable Compliance Certificate.

"Average Revolver Usage
Calculation" has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"Bail-In Action"
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

"Bail-In Legislation"
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from
time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of
the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United
Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other
than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

"Bank
Product" means any one or more of the following financial products or accommodations extended to any Loan Party by a Bank Product
Provider: (a) letters of credit or similar credit support arrangements or (b) transactions under Hedge Agreements.

"Bank Product Agreements"
means those agreements entered into from time to time by any Loan Party with a Bank Product Provider in connection with the obtaining
of any of the Bank Products.

"Bank Product Obligations"
means (a) all obligations, liabilities, reimbursement obligations, fees, or expenses owing by each Loan Party to any Bank Product
Provider pursuant to or evidenced by a Bank Product Agreement and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or
indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and (b) all Hedge Obligations.

-7-

"Bank Product Provider"
means any Lender or any of its Affiliates, including each of the foregoing in its capacity, if applicable, as a Hedge Provider; provided,
that no such Person (other than TCW or its Affiliates) shall constitute a Bank Product Provider with respect to a Bank Product unless
and until Agent receives a Bank Product Provider Agreement from such Person (a) on or prior to the Closing Date (or such later date
as Agent shall agree to in writing in its sole discretion) with respect to Bank Products provided on or prior to the Closing Date, or
(b) on or prior to the date that is 10 days after the provision of such Bank Product to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (or such
later date as Agent shall agree to in writing in its sole discretion) with respect to Bank Products provided after the Closing Date; provided
further, that if, at any time, a Lender ceases to be a Lender under this Agreement (prior to the payment in full of the Obligations),
then, from and after the date on which it so ceases to be a Lender hereunder, neither it nor any of its Affiliates shall constitute Bank
Product Providers and the obligations with respect to Bank Products provided by such former Lender or any of its Affiliates shall no longer
constitute Bank Product Obligations.

"Bank Product Reserve
Amount" means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) the aggregate undrawn amount of all letter of credits that
constitute Bank Product Obligations outstanding at such time, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all drawings under letters of credit
that constitute Bank Product Obligations for which a Bank Product Provider has not been reimbursed.

"Bankruptcy Code"
means title 11 of the United States Code, as in effect from time to time.

"Base Rate"
means, for any day, the greatest of (a) three percent (3.00%) per annum, (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus
%, (c) Term SOFR for a one month tenor in effect on such day, plus 1%, provided that this clause (c) shall
not be applicable during any period in which Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable, and (d) the rate last quoted by The Wall
Street Journal as the "Prime Rate" in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest
per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates)
as the "bank prime loan" rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by
Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by Agent).

"Base Rate Loan"
means each portion of the Loans that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate.

"Base Rate Margin"
means the Revolving Loan Base Rate Margin or the Term Loan Base Rate Margin, as applicable.

"Benchmark"
means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the
Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent
that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(A).

-8-

"Benchmark Replacement"
means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by Agent
and Administrative Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the
mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention
for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and
(b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less
than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement shall be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

"Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment" means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
any applicable Available Tenor, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be
a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Agent and Administrative Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any
selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing
market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.

"Benchmark Replacement
Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) in
the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of (i) the date of
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(b) in
the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the first date on which such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined
by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt,
the "Benchmark Replacement Date" will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to
any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof.

-9-

"Benchmark Transition
Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(b) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease
to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof); or

(c) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not,
or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt,
if the then-current Benchmark has any Available Tenors, a "Benchmark Transition Event" will be deemed to have occurred with
respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current
Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

"Benchmark Transition
Start Date" means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement
Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th
day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such
prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication).

"Benchmark Unavailability
Period" means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time,
no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance
with Section 2.12(d)(iii) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current
Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12(d)(iii).

-10-

"Beneficial Ownership
Certification" means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

"Beneficial Ownership
Regulation" means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

"Benefit Plan"
means a "defined benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA) for which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries
or ERISA Affiliates has been an "employer" (as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA) within the past six years.

"BHC Act Affiliate"
of a Person means an "affiliate" (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such
Person.

"Board of Directors"
means, as to any Person, the board of directors (or comparable managers or other governing body or Person) of such Person, or any committee
thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of the board of directors (or comparable managers or other governing body or Person).

"Board of Governors"
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor).

"Board Observation Period"
means (a) the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the first date after October 31, 2024 that Agent has received
a Net Leverage Ratio Calculation for the most recently ended fiscal quarter that is less than 2.25:1.0 and (b) any period during
which either (i) a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) the most recent Net Leverage Ratio
Calculation delivered to Agent pursuant to Section 5.1 of this Agreement is greater than or equal to 2.25:1.0; provided
that, with respect to clause (b), such Board Observation Period shall cease on any date on which (i) no Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) the most recent Net Leverage Ratio Calculation delivered to Agent pursuant to Section 5.1
of this Agreement is less than 2.25:1.0.

"Board Observer"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.13(c) of this Agreement.

"BOD Meeting"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.13(c) of this Agreement.

"Borrower"
and "Borrowers" have the respective meanings specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement.

"Borrower Materials"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(c) of this Agreement.

"Borrowing"
means a borrowing consisting of Loans made on the same day by the Lenders (or Agent on behalf thereof), or by Agent in the case of a Protective
Advance.

-11-

"Borrowing Base"
means, on any date of determination, the result of the following (without duplication): (a) 85% of the net book value of Accounts
of the Borrowing Base Parties to the extent such Accounts are actually billed and represented by an invoice; plus (b) 85%
of the net book value of Accounts of the Borrowing Base Parties that the Borrowing Base Parties have the right to bill but have not yet
billed up to the lesser of (i) 12.5% of the amount calculated pursuant to the sum of clauses (a) and (b) of this definition
and (ii) $15,000,000 of such Accounts; plus (c) 60% of the net book value of all Inventory of the Borrowing Base Parties,
less (d) Reserves established by the Revolving Agent (including the Bank Product Reserve Amount, if any).

"Borrowing Base Certificate"
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 to this Agreement, which such form of Borrowing Base Certificate
may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (including without limitation, changes to the format thereof),
as approved by Agent and Revolving Agent in their Permitted Discretion.

"Borrowing Base Parties"
means, collectively, (a) the Borrowers, (b) any Domestic Subsidiary of a Borrower that is a Guarantor, and (c) any Canadian
Loan Party, in each case, solely to the extent Agent has a perfected Lien on such Guarantor's assets.

"Business Day"
means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed, and, as it relates
to any SOFR Loans, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

"Canadian AML Laws"
means Part II.I of the Criminal Code, R.S.C. 1985, c. C-46, The Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing
Act, S.C. 2000, c. 17 ("Proceeds of Crime Act") and the United Nations Act, R.S.C. 1985, c.U-2 or any similar
Canadian legislation, together with all rules, regulations and interpretations thereunder or related thereto including the Regulations
Implementing the United Nations Resolutions on the Suppression of Terrorism and the United Nations Al-Qaida and Taliban Regulations promulgated
under the United Nations Act.

"Canadian Copyright
Security Agreement" has the meaning specified therefor in the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement.

"Canadian Deed of Hypothec"
means (i) the deed of hypothec dated on or about the date of this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent
executed and delivered by each of Comtech Satellite Network Technologies Corp. and Comtech Solacom Technologies, Inc. in favour of
the Agent, and (ii) each other deed of hypothec executed by a Loan Party which either (a) is organized under the laws of Qubec,
(ii) maintains its chief executive office or registered office in the Province of Qubec, or (iii) maintains tangible
property or assets in the Province of Qubec, each as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise
in effect from time to time.

"Canadian Defined Benefit
Pension Plan" means a Canadian Pension Plan, which contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection
147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada).

"Canadian Dollars"
or "Cdn$" means the lawful currency of Canada.

"Canadian Guarantee
and Security Agreement" means a guaranty and security agreement, dated as of even date with this Agreement, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by each of the Canadian Loan Parties to Agent, as amended, amended and restated,
restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect from time to time.

-12-

"Canadian Loan Party"
means (a) as of the Closing Date, Comtech Satellite Network Technologies Corp. and Comtech Solacom Technologies, Inc. and (b) each
other Person organized under the federal, provincial or territorial laws of Canada that becomes a Loan Party after the Closing Date pursuant
to Section 5.11 of this Agreement.

"Canadian Patent Security
Agreement" has the meaning specified therefor in the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement.

"Canadian Pension Benefits
Legislation" means the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario), and any Canadian federal, provincial, territorial or local counterparts
or equivalents, in each case, as applicable and as amended from time to time.

"Canadian Pension Plan"
means a pension plan that is subject to the Canadian Pension Benefits Legislation and the Income Tax Act (Canada) and that is either
(a) maintained or sponsored by any Loan Party for employees or (b) maintained pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement,
or other arrangement under which more than one employer makes contributions and to which any Loan Party is making or accruing an obligation
to make contributions or has within the preceding five years made or accrued such contributions, but excludes a statutory benefit plan
which any Loan Party is required to participate in or comply with, including the Canada Pension Plan and the Quebec Pension Plan.

"Canadian
Security Documents" means the Canadian Guarantee and Security Document, the Canadian Deed of Hypothec, any Canadian Copyright
Security Agreement, any Canadian Patent Security Agreement, any Canadian Trademark Security Agreement and any other Loan Document that
purports to create a Lien which is governed by the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof.

"Canadian Trademark
Security Agreement" has the meaning specified therefor in the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement.

"Capital Expenditures"
means, with respect to any Person for any period, the amount of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period
that are capital expenditures as determined in accordance with GAAP, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, but excluding,
without duplication (a) with respect to the purchase price of assets that are purchased substantially contemporaneously with the
trade-in of existing assets during such period, the amount that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted
by the seller of such assets for the assets being traded in at such time and (b) expenditures made during such period to consummate
one or more Permitted Acquisitions.

"Capital Lease"
means a lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, that is required
to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP.

-13-

"Capitalized Lease Obligation"
means that portion of the obligations under a Capital Lease that is required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

"Cash Equivalents"
means (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States or issued by any agency thereof
and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof,
(b) marketable direct obligations issued or fully guaranteed by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any
such state or any public instrumentality thereof maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition,
having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from either Standard & Poor's Rating Group ("S&P") or Moody's
Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), (c) commercial paper maturing no more than 270 days from the date of creation
thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moody's, (d) certificates
of deposit, time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers' acceptances maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof
issued by any bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any United States
branch of a foreign bank having at the date of acquisition thereof combined capital and surplus of not less than $1,000,000,000, (e) Deposit
Accounts maintained with (i) any bank that satisfies the criteria described in clause (d) above, or (ii) any other bank
organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof so long as the full amount maintained with any such other bank is insured
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, (f) repurchase obligations of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause
(d) of this definition or of any recognized securities dealer having combined capital and surplus of not less than $1,000,000,000,
having a term of not more than seven days, with respect to securities satisfying the criteria in clauses (a) or (d) above, (g) debt
securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial
bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (d) above, and (h) Investments in money market funds substantially all of whose
assets are invested in the types of assets described in clauses (a) through (g) above.

"Cash Management Services"
means any cash management or related services including treasury, depository, return items, overdraft, controlled disbursement, merchant
store value cards, e-payables services, electronic funds transfer, interstate depository network, automatic clearing house transfer (including
the Automated Clearing House processing of electronic funds transfers through the direct Federal Reserve Fedline system) and other cash
management arrangements.

"CFC" means
a Foreign Subsidiary, other than a Designated Foreign Guarantor, that is a "controlled foreign corporation" as that term is
defined in Section 957 of the IRC.

"CFC
Holdco" means a Subsidiary that directly or indirectly owns no material assets other than the stock or stock and debt
of one or more CFCs.

-14-

"Change in Law"
means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of: (a) the adoption or effectiveness of any law, rule, regulation, judicial
ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty or in the administration,
interpretation, implementation or application by any Governmental Authority of any law, rule, regulation, guideline or treaty, (c) any
new, or adjustment to, requirements prescribed by the Board of Governors for "Eurocurrency Liabilities" (as defined in Regulation
D of the Board of Governors), requirements imposed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or similar requirements imposed by any
domestic or foreign governmental authority or resulting from compliance by Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender with any request or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority and related in any manner to SOFR, the
Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or (d) the making or issuance by any Governmental Authority of any request, rule, guideline
or directive, whether or not having the force of law; provided, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
(i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (or any European equivalent regulation (such as the European Market
and Infrastructure Regulation)) and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith, and (ii) all
requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities shall,
in each case, be deemed to be a "Change in Law," regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

"Change of Control"
means that:

(a) any
Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert (other than Permitted Holders), shall have acquired beneficial ownership, directly or
indirectly, of Equity Interests of Comtech (or other securities convertible into such Equity Interests) representing 35% or more of the
combined voting power of all Equity Interests of Comtech entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote for the
election of members of the Board of Directors of Comtech,

(b) any
Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert (other than Permitted Holders), shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall
have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to exercise,
directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of Comtech or control over the Equity Interests of such
Person entitled to vote for members of the Board of Directors of Comtech on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such Equity
Interests that such Person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) representing 35% or more of the combined voting
power of such Equity Interests,

(c) the
Permitted Holders fail to own and control, directly or indirectly, a majority of the outstanding shares of the Specified Preferred Equity,

(d) a
majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Comtech do not constitute Continuing Directors,

(e) Comtech
fails to own and control, directly or indirectly, 100% of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party other than (a) in connection
with a sale of all (but not less than all) of the Equity Interests of a Loan Party pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 6.4
or (b) in connection with an Investment permitted by Section 6.9 in a joint venture or other non-wholly-owned Subsidiary
that is or becomes a Loan Party,

-15-

(f) any
sale of all or substantially all of the property or assets of Comtech and its Subsidiaries other than in a sale or transfer to another
Loan Party, or

(g) the
occurrence of any "Change of Control" (or, in each case, similar event, however denominated) under and as defined in any Specified
Preferred Equity Document, any Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt Document, any indenture or other agreement or instrument evidencing,
governing the rights of the holders of or otherwise relating to any Material Indebtedness of Comtech or any Subsidiary or any certificate
of designations (or other provision of the organizational documents of Comtech) relating to, or any other agreement governing the rights
of the holders of, any Disqualified Equity Interests.

"Closing Date"
means June 17, 2024.

"Code" means
the New York Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect from time to time.

"Collateral"
means all assets and interests in assets and proceeds thereof now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in
or upon which a Lien is granted by such Person in favor of Agent or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents.

"Collateral Access Agreement"
means a landlord waiver, bailee letter, or acknowledgement agreement of any lessor, warehouseman, processor, consignee, or other Person
in possession of, having a Lien upon, or having rights or interests in any Loan Party's or its Subsidiaries' books and records, Equipment,
or Inventory, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.

"Commitment"
means, with respect to each Lender, its Revolver Commitment or its Term Loan Commitment, as the context requires, and, with respect to
all Lenders, their Revolver Commitments or their Term Loan Commitments, as the context requires, in each case as such Dollar amounts are
set forth beside such Lender's name under the applicable heading on Schedule C-1 to this Agreement or in the Assignment and
Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to
time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1 of this Agreement.

"Commodity Exchange
Act" means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

"Compliance Certificate"
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to this Agreement delivered by the chief financial officer or
treasurer of Comtech to Agent.

"Comtech" has
the meaning specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement.

"Confidential Information"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(a) of this Agreement.

-16-

"Conforming Changes"
means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of "Base Rate," the definition
of "Business Day," the definition of "U.S. Government Securities Business Day," the definition of "Interest Period"
or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of "interest period"), timing and frequency of determining
rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability
and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.12(b)(ii) and other technical, administrative or operational
matters) that Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration
thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such
market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate
exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

"Connection Income Taxes"
means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch
profits Taxes.

"Continuing Director"
means (a) any member of the Board of Directors who was a director (or comparable manager) of Comtech on the Closing Date, (b) any
individual who becomes a member of the Board of Directors after the Closing Date if such individual was approved, appointed or nominated
for election to the Board of Directors by a majority of the Continuing Directors, and (c) any member of the Board of Directors that
was nominated by the Permitted Holders pursuant to the terms of the Specified Preferred Equity Documents.

"Control Agreement"
means a control agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Revolving Agent in their Permitted Discretion, executed
and delivered by a Loan Party, Agent, Revolving Agent (who shall be appointed as sub-agent of Agent thereunder in such agreement or in
another writing between Agent and Revolving Agent), and the applicable securities intermediary (with respect to a Securities Account)
or bank or other financial institution (with respect to a Deposit Account).

"Copyright Security
Agreement" has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement.

"Covered Entity"
means any of the following:

(a) a
"covered entity" as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(b) a
"covered bank" as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(c) a
"covered FSI" as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

"Covered Party"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.16 of this Agreement.

-17-

"Curative Equity"
means the amount of proceeds received by Comtech from the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests in immediately available funds, which
proceeds are designated "Curative Equity" by Borrowers under Section 9.3 of this Agreement at the time it is contributed.
For the avoidance of doubt, the forgiveness of antecedent debt (whether Indebtedness, trade payables, or otherwise) shall not constitute
Curative Equity.

"Currency Due"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.17 of this Agreement.

"Current Assets"
means, as at any date of determination, the total assets of Comtech and its Subsidiaries (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) which
may properly be classified as current assets on a consolidated balance sheet of Comtech and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.

"Current Liabilities"
means, as at any date of determination, the total liabilities of Comtech and its Subsidiaries which may properly be classified as current
liabilities (other than the current portion of the Loans) on a consolidated balance sheet of Comtech and its Subsidiaries in accordance
with GAAP.

"Default" means
an event, condition, or default that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.

"Default Right"
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as
applicable.

-18-

"Defaulting Lender"
means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date
such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies Agent and Administrative Borrower in writing that such failure
is the result of such Lender's determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together
with any applicable Default or Event of Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay
to Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date when due,
(b) has notified any Borrower or Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has
made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender's obligation to fund a Loan hereunder
and states that such position is based on such Lender's determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent,
together with any applicable Default or Event of Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot
be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by Agent or Administrative Borrower, to
confirm in writing to Agent and Administrative Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided,
that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by Agent
and Administrative Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of any
Insolvency Proceeding, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, custodian, conservator, trustee,
administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets,
including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become
the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided, that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or
acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long
as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States
or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject,
repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting
Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such
Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to Administrative Borrower and
each Lender.

"Defaulting Lender Rate"
means (a) for the first three days from and after the date the relevant payment is due, the Base Rate, and (b) thereafter, the
interest rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans (inclusive of the Base Rate Margin applicable thereto).

"Deposit Account"
means any deposit account (as that term is defined in the Code), or any account maintained for the deposit of funds with a Canadian bank,
trust company or other financial institution accepting funds for deposit in Canada.

"Designated Account"
means the Deposit Account of Administrative Borrower identified on Schedule D-1 to this Agreement (or such other Deposit Account
of Administrative Borrower located at Designated Account Bank that has been designated as such, in writing, by Borrowers to Agent) and
Revolving Agent.

"Designated Account
Bank" has the meaning specified therefor in Schedule D-1 to this Agreement (or such other bank that is located within
the United States that has been designated as such, in writing, by Borrowers to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, in the applicable
Notice of Borrowing).

"Designated Foreign
Guarantor" means each Subsidiary of Comtech organized under the laws of (x) Canada or any province or territory thereof
or (y) from and after the date that is 90 days after the Closing Date (or such later date as permitted by Agent in its sole discretion),
England & Wales; provided, that, so long as it remains inactive with no material assets or operations, Sheet Metal Precision
Limited is not a Designated Foreign Guarantor.

"Disbursement Letter"
means the Notice of Borrowing and Interest Rate Election delivered by the Administrative Borrower to Agent on the Closing Date, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.

"Disqualified Equity
Interests" means any Equity Interests that, by their terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which
they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or are mandatorily
redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result
of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset
sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the
termination of the Commitments), (b) are redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests),
in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date, other than following the prior payment in full of
the Obligations, (c) requires scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) are or become convertible into or exchangeable
for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that
is 91 days after the Maturity Date.

-19-

"Dollars" or
"$" means United States dollars.

"Domestic Subsidiary"
means any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Foreign Subsidiary.

"Earn-Outs"
means unsecured liabilities of a Loan Party arising under an agreement to make any deferred payment as a part of the Purchase Price for
a Permitted Acquisition, including performance bonuses or consulting payments in any related services, employment or similar agreement,
in an amount that is subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of the target of such Permitted
Acquisition.

"EBITDA" means,
with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Comtech determined, in each case, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP:

(a) the
consolidated net income (or loss),

minus

(b) without
duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent included in determining consolidated net income (or loss)
for such period:

(i) unusual
or non-recurring gains,

(ii) interest
income, and

(iii) non-cash
gains in respect of obligations under hedging transactions, and non-cash gains resulting from currency translation or non-cash transaction
gains related to currency re-measurements of Indebtedness, and all other non-cash foreign currency translation or transaction gains,

plus

(c) without
duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent (except with respect to clause (x) below) deducted in
determining consolidated net income (or loss) for such period:

(i) non-cash
unusual losses or non-cash non-recurring losses (excluding any non-cash losses relating to write-downs or reserves with respect to Accounts),

-20-

(ii) cash
unusual charges or losses or cash non-recurring charges or losses (including, without limitation, non-recurring fees and expenses
incurred in connection with any proposed or actual issuance of any Indebtedness (or any amendment thereto) or Equity Interests, or
any proposed or actual acquisitions, investments, asset sales or divestitures permitted hereunder, whether or not consummated); provided
that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause (ii), together with amounts added back pursuant to clause
(c)(x) below, shall not exceed for such period (x) 20% of EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect to
such add-backs and the amount added to EBITDA pursuant to clauseclauses
(c)(xvi) and (c)(xvii) below) for the period prior to the first anniversary of this Agreement, and (y) thereafter, 15% of
EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect to such add-backs and the amount added to EBITDA pursuant to clauseclauses
(c)(xvi) and (c)(xvii) below),

(iii) Interest
Expense,

(iv) tax
expense based on income, profits or capital, including federal, foreign, state, franchise and similar taxes (and for the avoidance of
doubt, specifically excluding any sales taxes or any other taxes held in trust for a Governmental Authority),

(v) depreciation
and amortization,

(vi) with
respect to any Permitted Acquisition and any Specified Permitted Disposition, in each case, after the Closing Date, costs, fees, charges,
or expenses consisting of out-of-pocket expenses owed by the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries to any Person for services performed
by such Person in connection with such Permitted Acquisition or such Specified Permitted Disposition incurred within 180 days of the consummation
of such Permitted Acquisition or such Specified Permitted Disposition, up to an aggregate amount for such Permitted Acquisition or such
Specified Permitted Disposition not to exceed the greater of (x) $1,400,000, and (y) 4.0% of the Purchase Price of such Permitted
Acquisition or Specified Permitted Disposition, as applicable.

(vii) with
respect to any Permitted Acquisitions after the Closing Date, non-cash adjustments in accordance with GAAP purchase accounting rules under
FASB Statement No. 141 and EITF Issue No. 01-3, in the event that such an adjustment is required by Comtech's independent auditors,
in each case, as determined in accordance with GAAP,

(viii) fees,
costs, charges and expenses, in respect of Earn-Outs incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition to the extent permitted to
be incurred under this Agreement that are required by the application of FAS 141R to be and are expensed by the Loan Parties and their
Subsidiaries,

(ix) non-cash
compensation expense (including deferred non-cash compensation expense), or other non-cash expenses or charges, arising from the sale
or issuance of Equity Interests, the granting of stock options, and the granting of stock appreciation rights and similar arrangements
(including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution, or change of any such Equity Interests, stock option, stock appreciation
rights, or similar arrangements), minus the amount of any such expenses or charges previously added back pursuant to this
clause (c)(ix) when paid in cash to the extent not deducted in the computation of net income (or loss),

-21-

(x) cost-savings,
synergies, operating expense reductions, restructuring charges and expenses (collectively, "Cost Savings")
projected by Borrowers in good faith to be realized as a result of any merger, amalgamation, acquisition, corporate initiative,
joint venture or material disposition (each, a "Cost Saving Action") that have been taken by the Borrowers or any
of their Subsidiaries and permitted hereunder during such period (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such Cost-Savings had
been realized on the first day of such period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such Cost
Saving Actions; provided, that (A) such Cost-Savings are reasonably identifiable, reasonably attributable to the Cost
Savings Actions specified and reasonably anticipated to result from such Cost Savings Actions, (B) such Cost-Savings are
commenced within 12 months of such Cost Savings Actions and the benefits resulting from such Cost Savings Actions are reasonably
anticipated by the Borrowers to be realized within 12 months of the date of consummation of such Cost Saving Action, (C) no
Cost-Savings may be added pursuant to this clause (x) to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges relating thereto
that are either excluded in computing consolidated net income (or loss) or included (i.e., added back) in computing EBITDA for such
period, and (D) the aggregate amount of Cost-Savings added pursuant to this clause (x), together with amounts added back
pursuant to clause (c)(ii) above, shall not exceed for such period (x) 20% of EBITDA for such period (calculated prior
to giving effect to such add-backs and the amount added to EBITDA pursuant to clauseclauses
(c)(xvi) and (c)(xvii)below) for the period prior to the first anniversary of this Agreement, and (y) thereafter, 15%
of EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect to such add-backs and the amount added to EBITDA pursuant to clauseclauses
(c)(xvi) and (c)(xvii) below),

(xi) (A) reasonable
and documented costs, fees to Persons (other than any Loan Party or its Affiliates), charges or expenses incurred in connection with the
transactions consummated on the Closing Date and (1) actually paid on or prior to the Closing Date, or (2) actually paid within
90 days after the Closing Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 or such greater amount as approved by Agent in its sole discretion,
and (B) without duplication of amounts added back pursuant to the preceding clause (A), expenses, charges and fees (including expenses,
charges and fees paid to Agent, Revolving Agent and Lenders) incurred during such period in connection with the administration (including
in connection with any waiver, amendment, supplementation or other modification thereto of the Loan Documents) of the Loan Documents,

(xii) reasonable
directors' fees, expense reimbursement payments and indemnification amounts paid to (or for the benefit of) any independent director of
Comtech or any other Loan Party in an aggregate amount for all such fees, expense reimbursement payments and indemnification amounts added
back pursuant to this clause (xii) not to exceed $1,000,000 during any fiscal year,

(xiii) one-time
expenses incurred in connection with the transition of the chief executive officer of Comtech up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
$2,500,000 during any fiscal period ending on or before July 31, 2024,

(xiv) fees,
costs, charges and expenses incurred in connection with consulting and/or advisory services provided by (A) M-3 Partners, in an aggregate
amount not to exceed $2,400,000 (or such greater amount as approved by Agent in its sole discretion) and (B) the Financial Advisor,
in each case, during any fiscal period ending on or before July 31, 2025,

-22-

(xv) non-cash
losses in respect of obligations under hedging transactions, and non-cash losses resulting from currency translation or non-cash transaction
losses related to currency re-measurements of Indebtedness, and all other non-cash foreign currency translation or transaction losses,

(xvi) solely
for any fiscal period ending on or before April 30, 2025, an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds received by Borrowers on
the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date from the incurrence of the Specified
Preferred Subordinated Debt, and

(xvii)solely
for any fiscal period ending on or before October 31, 2025, an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds received by Borrowers on the
Amendment No. 2 Closing Date from the incurrence of Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt, and

(xviixviii) (A) reasonable
and documented costs, fees to Persons (other than any Loan Party or its Affiliates), charges or expenses incurred in connection with the
transactions consummated on the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date and (1) actually paid on or prior to the Amendment No. 1 Closing
Date, or (2) actually paid within 90 days after the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,900,000
or such greater amount as approved by Agent in its sole discretion, and (B) without duplication of amounts added back pursuant to
the preceding clause (A), expenses, charges and fees (including expenses, charges and fees paid to Specified Preferred Agent and Specified
Preferred Lenders) incurred during such period in connection with the administration (including in connection with any waiver, amendment,
supplementation or other modification thereto of the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt Documents) of the Specified Preferred Subordinated
Debt Documents in an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000.

For the purposes of
calculating EBITDA for any period of twelve consecutive months (each, a "Reference Period"), if at any time during
such Reference Period (and after the Closing Date), any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall have consummated a Permitted
Acquisition, a Permitted Disposition or a Wind-Up, EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be calculated after giving pro forma
effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to such Permitted Acquisition,
such Permitted Disposition or such Wind-Up, are factually supportable, and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case
determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act and as interpreted by
the staff of the SEC (but without giving effect to any modifications relating to "Managements Adjustments"
promulgated after December 31, 2020); provided that the aggregate amount of such pro forma adjustments, together with
amounts added back pursuant to clauses (c)(ii) and (c)(x) above, shall not exceed for such Reference Period
(x) 20% of EBITDA for such Reference Period (calculated prior to giving effect to such adjustments and add-backs and the
amount added to EBITDA pursuant to clauseclauses
(c)(xvi) and (c)(xvii) above) for the period prior to the first anniversary of this Agreement, and (y) thereafter, 15%
of EBITDA for such Reference Period (calculated prior to giving effect to such adjustments and add-backs and the amount added to
EBITDA pursuant to clauseclauses
(c)(xvi) and (c)(xvii) above)) or in such other manner acceptable to Agent as if any such Permitted Acquisition, such
Permitted Disposition, such Wind-Up or adjustment occurred on the first day of such Reference Period.

-23-

In
addition, notwithstanding the above, (1) EBITDA (calculated without giving effect to the addbacks in clauses (c)(ii) or (c)(x) above)
(a) for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2023 shall be deemed to be $10,960,656, (b) for the fiscal quarter ended October 31,
2023 shall be deemed to be $12,579,870, (c) for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2024 shall be deemed to be $11,408,316
and (d) EBITDA for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2024 shall be deemed to be $8,275,407, and (2) the aggregate amount
of addbacks pursuant to clauses (c)(ii) or (c)(x) above (calculated without giving effect to any applicable caps) shall be deemed
to be (a) for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2023, $5,151,743 (b) for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2023,
$5,078,696, (c) for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2024, $3,702,802, and (d) for the fiscal quarter ended April 30,
2024, $3,635,588, and (3) the aggregate amount of addbacks permitted to be added to EBITDA pursuant to clauses (c)(ii) and (c)(x) above
as of the Closing Date is $8,644,850.

"EEA Financial Institution"
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of
an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of
an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

"EEA Member Country"
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

"EEA Resolution Authority"
means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

"Eligible Transferee"
means (a) any Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender), any Affiliate of any Lender and any Related Fund of any Lender; (b) (i) a
commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having total assets in excess of $5,000,000,000;
(ii) a savings and loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having
total assets in excess of $5,000,000,000; (iii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country or a political subdivision
thereof; provided, that (A) (x) such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States, or (y) such
bank is organized under the laws of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or a political
subdivision of such country, and (B) such bank has total assets in excess of $5,000,000,000; (c) any other entity (other than
a natural person) that is an "accredited investor" (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) that extends credit
or buys loans as one of its businesses including insurance companies, investment or mutual funds and lease financing companies; and (d) during
the continuation of an Event of Default, any other Person approved by Agent.

"Employee Benefit Plan"
means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA, (a) that
is or within the preceding six (6) years has been sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate or
(b) to which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has, or has had at any time within the preceding six (6) years, any liability,
contingent or otherwise.

-24-

"Environmental Action"
means any written complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative
proceeding, judgment, letter, or other written communication from any Governmental Authority, or any third party involving violations
of Environmental Laws or releases of Hazardous Materials (a) from or impacting any assets, properties, or businesses of any Loan
Party, any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, or any of their predecessors in interest, or (b) from or onto any facilities which received
Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party, any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, or any of their predecessors in interest.

"Environmental Law"
means any applicable federal, state, provincial, territorial, foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, binding
and enforceable guideline, binding and enforceable written policy, or rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case
as amended, or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or
judgment, in each case, to the extent binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, relating to the environment, the effect of the environment
on employee health, or Hazardous Materials, in each case as amended from time to time.

"Environmental Liabilities"
means all liabilities, monetary obligations, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses
of counsel, experts, or consultants, and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions, and interest incurred
as a result of any claim or demand, or Remedial Action required, by any Governmental Authority or any third party, and which relate to
any Environmental Action.

"Environmental Lien"
means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities.

"Equipment"
means equipment (as that term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable).

"Equity Interests"
means, with respect to a Person, all of the shares, options, warrants, interests, participations, or other equivalents (regardless of
how designated) of or in such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including capital stock (or other ownership or profit interests or
units), preferred stock, or any other "equity security" (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and
Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act).

"ERISA" means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute thereto.

"ERISA Affiliate"
means (a) any Person subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer as the employees of any Loan Party
or its Subsidiaries under IRC Section 414(b), (b) any trade or business subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed
by the same employer as the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under IRC Section 414(c), (c) solely for purposes
of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any organization subject to ERISA that is a member of an affiliated service
group of which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a member under IRC Section 414(m), or (d) solely for purposes of
Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any Person subject to ERISA that is a party to an arrangement with any Loan
Party or any of its Subsidiaries and whose employees are aggregated with the employees of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under IRC
Section 414(o).

-25-

"Erroneous Payment"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement.

"Erroneous Payment Deficiency
Assignment" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement.

"Erroneous Payment Impacted
Loans" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement.

"Erroneous Payment Return
Deficiency" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement.

"EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule" means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in
effect from time to time.

"Event of Default"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 8 of this Agreement.

"Excess Cash Flow"
means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Comtech, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP the result
of:

(a) EBITDA
for such fiscal period, minus

(b) the
sum of:

(i) the
cash portion of Interest Expense paid during such fiscal period;

(ii) the
cash portion of income taxes paid during such fiscal period;

(iii) all
scheduled principal payments made in respect of the Term Loan and other Indebtedness for borrowed money permitted hereunder during such
fiscal period,

(iv) the
cash portion of Unfinanced Capital Expenditures made during such fiscal period,

(v) to
the extent included in the determination of EBITDA during such fiscal period pursuant to the definition thereof, and without duplication
of any other deduction from Excess Cash Flow set forth in this definition, all items added back in determining EBITDA pursuant to the
definition thereof for such period to the extent paid in cash,

(vi) the
excess, if any, of Net Working Capital at the end of such fiscal period over Net Working Capital at the beginning of such fiscal period
(or, if the difference results in an amount less than zero, minus the excess, if any, of Net Working Capital at the beginning of such
fiscal period over Net Working Capital at the end of such fiscal period), and

-26-

(vii) the
aggregate amount of Permitted Investments (other than in Comtech or any Subsidiary) solely to the extent made in cash during such fiscal
period by Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries.

"Excess Cash Flow Due
Date" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.4(e)(vii).

"Excess Cash Flow Period"
means, as applicable, (i) the First Excess Cash Flow Period, (ii) the Second Excess Cash Flow Period, and (iii) the fiscal
year period ending on each July 31 thereafter.

"Excess Cash Flow Sweep
Percentage" means 50%.

"Exchange Act"
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect from time to time.

"Excluded Swap Obligation"
means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guaranty of such Loan Party
of (including by virtue of the joint and several liability provisions of Section 2.15), or the grant by such Loan Party of
a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or
any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof)
by virtue of such Loan Party's failure for any reason to constitute an "eligible contract participant" as defined in the Commodity
Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guaranty of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes
effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such
exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guaranty or security interest
is or becomes illegal.

"Excluded
Taxes" means (i) any Tax imposed on the net income or net profits of any Recipient (including any branch profits
taxes), in each case (a) imposed by the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such
Recipient is organized or the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Recipient's principal
office is located in or (b) that is an Other Connection Tax, (ii) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for a Recipient's
failure to comply with the requirements of Section 16.2 or 16.5 of this Agreement, (iii) in the case of a Lender,
U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest
in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to applicable law in effect on the date on which (a) such Lender or Agent acquires such interest
in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by a Borrower under Section 14.2) or (b) such
Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 16, amounts with respect to
such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in the Loan or
Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (iv) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed under
FATCA; and (v) any Canadian federal withholding Taxes imposed as a result of any Lender or any Participant (a) not dealing at
arms length (within the meaning of the Tax Act) with a Loan Party, (b) being a specified non-resident
shareholder (as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Tax Act) of a Loan Party or not dealing at arms length
with a specified shareholder of a Loan Party (in each case within the meaning of the Tax Act) or (c) such Recipient
being a specified entity as defined in the proposals to amend the Tax Act released on November 28, 2023 (Bill C-59)
with respect to hybrid mismatch arrangements (or as defined in any substantially similar successor proposals thereto), in
respect of a Loan Party, except in the case of (v)(a), (b) and (c) above where any such non-arms length, specified non-resident
shareholder, specified shareholder or specified entity relationship arises as a result of such Recipient having executed, delivered, become
a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any
other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document or Bank Product Agreement.

-27-

"Existing Agent"
means Citibank, N.A.

"Existing Credit Facility"
means that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2023, by and among Comtech, as borrower,
the lenders party thereto and the Existing Agent.

"Extraordinary Receipts"
means any payments received by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of
proceeds described in Section 2.4(e)(iii) of this Agreement) consisting of (i) pension plan reversions, (ii) proceeds
of judgments, proceeds of settlements, or other consideration of any kind received in connection with any cause of action or claim (and
not consisting of proceeds described in Section 2.4(e)(iii) of this Agreement, but including proceeds of business interruption
insurance solely to the extent received more than six months after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default),
(iii) indemnity payments (other than to the extent such indemnity payments are immediately payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate
of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries), including proceeds of representations and warranties insurance, and (iv) any purchase
price adjustment received in connection with any purchase agreement (other than ordinary course working capital adjustments and adjustments
applied to reduce deferred purchase prices, such as earnouts).

"FATCA" means
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable
and not materially more onerous to comply with), and (a) any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any
agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC, and (c) any intergovernmental agreement entered into
by the United States (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement
entered into in connection therewith).

"FCPA" means
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

"Federal Funds Rate"
means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates
on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations
for such day on such transactions received by Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it (and, if any
such rate is below zero, then the rate determined pursuant to this definition shall be deemed to be zero).

-28-

"Fee
Letter" means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of even date with this Agreement, among Borrowers and Agent, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, including as amended by that certain First Amendment to Fee Letter, dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Closing
Date, among Borrowers and Agent and that certain Second Amendment
to Fee Letter, dated as of the Amendment No. 2 Closing Date, among Borrowers and Agent.

"Financial Advisor"
means an independent financial advisor acceptable to Agent and engaged by Administrative Borrower as provided in Section 5.20.

"Financial Statement
Delivery Date" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.3(a) of this Agreement.

"First Excess Cash Flow
Period" means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending January 31, 2025.

"Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio" means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Comtech determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for such period minus Unfinanced Capital Expenditures made (to the extent not already incurred
in a prior period) or incurred during such period, to (b) Fixed Charges for such period.

"Fixed Charges"
means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Comtech determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the sum,
without duplication, of (a) Interest Expense required to be paid (other than interest paid-in-kind, amortization of financing fees,
and other non-cash Interest Expense) during such period, (b) scheduled principal payments in respect of Indebtedness that are required
to be paid during such period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, principal payments relating to the Revolving Loans), (c) all
federal, state, provincial, territorial and local income taxes required to be paid during such period (net of tax refunds received in
cash to the extent such tax refunds are received in the period in which the applicable cash outlay for such taxes was made), (d) all
management, consulting, monitoring, and advisory fees paid to any Permitted Holder or its Affiliates during such period, (e) all
Restricted Payments paid during such period in cash, and (f) to the extent not otherwise deducted from EBITDA for such period, all
payments required to be made during such period in respect of any funding deficiency or funding shortfall with respect to any Pension
Plan or for any Withdrawal Liability; provided that (w) for purposes of calculating Fixed Charges for the 4 quarter period
ending July 31, 2024, the amount of Interest Expense and scheduled principal payments in respect of the Term Loan shall be determined
by multiplying the actual amount of the Interest Expense and principal payment scheduled to be paid or repaid during the period commencing
on June 1, 2024 and ending on July 31, 2024 times (12/2), (x) for purposes of calculating Fixed Charges for the 4 quarter
period ending October 31, 2024, the amount of Interest Expense and scheduled principal payments in respect of the Term Loan shall
be determined by multiplying the actual amount of the Interest Expense and principal payment scheduled to be paid or repaid during the
period commencing on June 1, 2024 and ending on October 31, 2024 times (12/5), (y) for purposes of calculating Fixed Charges
for the 4 quarter period ending January 31, 2025, the amount of Interest Expense and scheduled principal payments in respect of the
Term Loan shall be determined by multiplying the sum of the actual amount of the Interest Expense and principal payments scheduled to
be paid or repaid during the period commencing on June 1, 2024 and ending on January 31, 2025 times (12/8), and (z) for
purposes of calculating Fixed Charges for the 4 quarter period ending April 30, 2025, the amount of Interest Expense and scheduled
principal payments in respect of the Term Loan shall be determined by multiplying the sum of the actual amount of the Interest Expense
and principal payments scheduled to be paid or repaid during the period commencing on June 1, 2024 and ending on April 30, 2025
times (12/11).

-29-

For the purposes of calculating
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any Reference Period, if at any time during such Reference Period (and after the Closing Date), any Loan
Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall have made a Permitted Acquisition, Fixed Charges and Unfinanced Capital Expenditures for such Reference
Period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto or in such other manner acceptable to Agent as if any such Permitted
Acquisition occurred on the first day of such Reference Period.

"Flood Laws"
means the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, and related laws, rules and regulations, including
any amendments or successor provisions.

"Floor" means
a rate of interest equal to 2.00%.

"Foreign Lender"
means any Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

"Foreign Subsidiary"
means any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States,
any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

"Funded Indebtedness"
means, as of any date of determination, with respect to Comtech, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, all Indebtedness
for borrowed money or letters of credit, Indebtedness consisting of obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of assets and
any earn-out or similar obligations, and Indebtedness consisting of contingent obligations classified as Indebtedness on a balance sheet
prepared in accordance with GAAP, including, in any event, but without duplication, with respect to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries,
the Loans and the amount of their Capitalized Lease Obligations and, unless contested by Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries diligently
and in good faith, trade payables outstanding for more than 60 days after the date such payable was due (or, solely for purposes of calculating
the Net Leverage Ratio on the Closing Date, more than 90 days after the date such payable was due).

"Funding Date"
means the date on which a Borrowing occurs.

"Funding Losses"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

-30-

"GAAP" means
generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States, consistently applied.

"Going Concern Trigger
Event" means each occurrence of any of the following events: (i) with respect to any fiscal quarter (other than the fourth
fiscal quarter of any fiscal year), Comtech files with the SEC a Form 10-Q quarterly report
which contains footnote disclosure in the financial statements accompanied therewith that includes managements assessment that
there is substantial doubt about Comtechs ability to continue as a going concern with respect to such fiscal quarter and (ii) with
respect to any fiscal year, Comtech files with the SEC a Form 10-K annual report which includes the issuance by Comtech's
certified public accountant of a "going concern" or like qualification or exception with respect to the opinion accompanying
Comtech's consolidated and consolidating financial statements with respect to such fiscal year.

"Going
Concern Rescission Event" means to the extent that a Going Concern Trigger Event has occurred, the first date that Comtech files
with the SEC a Form 10-Q quarterly report or Form 10-K annual report (x) with respect to any Form 10-Q quarterly report,
that contains footnote disclosure in the financial statements accompanied therewith that affirmatively includes managements assessment
that there no longer is substantial doubt about Comtechs ability to continue as a going concern, as to which there is no disagreement
with Comtechs certified public accountants as to such footnote disclosure, with the filing of any such Form 10-Q quarterly
report to be conclusive evidence of such lack of disagreement or (y) with respect to any fiscal year with respect to any Form 10-K
annual report, a "going concern" or like qualification or exception is not included in the opinion issued by Comtechs
certified public accountant accompanying Comtech's consolidated and consolidating financial statements for
such fiscal year.

"Going
Concern Period" means the period from and retroactively effective as of the first day of the fiscal quarter in which a Going
Concern Trigger Event occurs and continuing until the last date of the fiscal quarter with respect to which a Going Concern Rescission
Event occurs relating to such Going Concern Trigger Event. For the avoidance of doubt, a Going Concern Trigger Event may occur
more than once during the term of this Agreement.

"Governing Documents"
means, with respect to any Person, the certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws, or other organizational documents of such Person,
or any other agreement relating to the voting rights or corporate governance of such Person.

"Governmental Authority"
means the government of any nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether at the national, state, territorial, provincial, county,
municipal or any other level, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, tribunal, central bank or other entity
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of, or pertaining to, government
(including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

"Guarantor"
means (a) each Person that guaranties all or a portion of the Obligations, including any Person that is a "Guarantor" under
the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement, and (b) each other Person that becomes a guarantor
after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 3.6 or 5.11 of this Agreement.

-31-

"Guaranty and Security
Agreement" means a guaranty and security agreement, dated as of even date with this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by each of the US Loan Parties to Agent, as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented,
modified or otherwise in effect from time to time.

"Hazardous Discharge"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.9(f) of this Agreement.

"Hazardous Materials"
means (a) substances that are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to, any applicable laws or regulations as "hazardous
substances," "hazardous materials," "hazardous wastes," "toxic substances," or any other formulation
intended to define, list, or classify substances by reason of deleterious properties such as ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity,
reproductive toxicity, or "EP toxicity", (b) oil, petroleum, or petroleum derived substances, natural gas, natural gas
liquids, synthetic gas, drilling fluids, produced waters, and other wastes associated with the exploration, development, or production
of crude oil, natural gas, or geothermal resources, (c) any flammable substances or explosives or any radioactive materials, and
(d) asbestos in any form or electrical equipment that contains any oil or dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls
in excess of 50 parts per million.

"Hedge Agreement"
means a "swap agreement" as that term is defined in Section 101(53B)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code.

"Hedge Obligations"
means any and all obligations or liabilities, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising,
of each Loan Party arising under, owing pursuant to, or existing in respect of Hedge Agreements entered into with one or more of the Hedge
Providers.

"Hedge Provider"
means any Bank Product Provider that is a party to a Hedge Agreement with a Loan Party or otherwise provides Bank Products under clause
(b) of the definition thereof; provided, that if, at any time, a Lender ceases to be a Lender under this Agreement (prior
to the payment in full of the Obligations), then, from and after the date on which it ceases to be a Lender thereunder, neither it nor
any of its Affiliates shall constitute Hedge Providers and the obligations with respect to Hedge Agreements entered into with such former
Lender or any of its Affiliates shall no longer constitute Hedge Obligations.

"Indebtedness"
as to any Person means (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by
bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers
acceptances, or other financial products, (c) all obligations of such Person as a lessee under Capital Leases, (d) all obligations
or liabilities of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed,
(e) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of assets (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary
course of business and, for the avoidance of doubt, other than royalty payments payable in the ordinary course of business in respect
of non-exclusive licenses) and any earn-out or similar obligations, (f) all monetary obligations of such Person owing under Hedge
Agreements (which amount shall be calculated based on the amount that would be payable by such Person if the Hedge Agreement were terminated
on the date of determination), (g) any Disqualified Equity Interests of such Person, and (h) any obligation of such Person guaranteeing
or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted, or sold with recourse) any obligation
of any other Person that constitutes Indebtedness under any of clauses (a) through (g) above. For purposes of this definition,
(i) the amount of any Indebtedness represented by a guaranty or other similar instrument shall be the lesser of the principal amount
of the obligations guaranteed and still outstanding and the maximum amount for which the guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to
the terms of the instrument embodying such Indebtedness, and (ii) the amount of any Indebtedness which is limited or is non-recourse
to a Person or for which recourse is limited to an identified asset shall be valued at the lesser of (A) if applicable, the limited
amount of such obligations, and (B) if applicable, the fair market value of such assets securing such obligation.

-32-

"Indemnified Liabilities"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.3 of this Agreement.

"Indemnified Person"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.3 of this Agreement.

"Indemnified Taxes"
means, (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by, or on account of any obligation of,
any Loan Party under any Loan Document, and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes.

"Independent
Director Candidates" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.22 of this Agreement.

"Independent
Director Interview Date" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.22 of this Agreement.

"Independent
Director Trigger Date" means the earlier of (a) the first occurrence of an Event of Default after the Amendment No. 2 Closing
Date and (b) the first date after May 31, 2025 that Agent has elected to implement the Independent Director Trigger Date by
providing written notice to the Administrative Borrower of such election.

"Initial Pricing Period"
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"Insolvency Proceeding"
means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act
(Canada), the Winding-Up and Restructuring Act (Canada), the Companies Creditor Arrangement Act (Canada) or under
any other state, provincial, territorial or federal or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law, assignments for the benefit of creditors,
formal or informal moratoria, compositions, extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or
other similar relief.

"Intellectual Property"
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement, as applicable.

-33-

"Intercompany Subordination
Agreement" means an intercompany subordination agreement, dated as of even date with this Agreement, executed and delivered by
each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries, and Agent, the form and substance of which is reasonably satisfactory to Agent.

"Interest Expense"
means, for any period, the aggregate of the interest expense of Comtech for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP.

"Interest Period"
means, with respect to each SOFR Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such SOFR Loan (or the continuation of a SOFR
Loan or the conversion of a Base Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan) and ending, in the case of Term Loans and Protective Advances, 1 or 3 months
thereafter, and in the case of Revolving Loans, 1 month thereafter; provided, that (a) interest shall accrue at the applicable
rate based upon Term SOFR from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period
expires, (b) any Interest Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business
Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business
Day, (c) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period shall end on the last
Business Day of the calendar month that is 1 or 3 months after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable, (d) Borrowers
may not elect an Interest Period which will end after the Maturity Date and (e) no tenor that has been removed from this definition
pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(D) shall be available for specification in any SOFR Notice or conversion or continuation
notice.

"Inventory"
means inventory (as that term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable).

"Investment"
means, with respect to any Person, any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees,
advances, capital contributions (excluding (a) commission, travel, and similar advances to officers and employees of such Person
made in the ordinary course of business, and (b) bona fide accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business), or acquisitions
of Indebtedness, Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line
of such other Person), and any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with
GAAP. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustment
for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs, or write-offs with respect to such Investment.

"IRC" means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect from time to time.

"Joinder" means
a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to this Agreement.

"Judgment Currency"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.17 of this Agreement.

-34-

"Legal Reservations"
means (a) the principle that equitable remedies are remedies which may be granted or refused at the discretion of the court and principles
of good faith and fair dealing, (b) the limitation of enforcement by laws relating to insolvency, reorganisation and other laws generally
affecting the rights of creditors, (c) the existence of timing limitations with respect to the bringing of claims under applicable
limitation laws and the defenses of acquiescence, set-off or counterclaim and the possibility that an undertaking to assume liability
for, or to indemnify a Person against, non-payment of stamp duty may be void, (d) the principle that in certain jurisdictions and
under certain circumstances a Lien granted by way of fixed charge may be re-characterized as a floating charge or that security purported
to be constituted as an assignment may be re-characterized as a charge, (e) the principle that additional interest imposed pursuant
to any relevant agreement may be held to be unenforceable on the grounds that it is a penalty and thus void, (f) the principle that
a court may not give effect to an indemnity for legal costs incurred by an unsuccessful litigant, (g) the principle that the creation
or purported creation of collateral over any claim, other right, contract or agreement which is subject to a prohibition on transfer,
assignment or charging may be void, ineffective or invalid and may give rise to a breach of the contract or agreement (or contract or
agreement relating to or governing the claim or other right) over which security has purportedly been created, (h) the principle
that a court may not give effect to any parallel debt provisions, covenants to pay or other similar provisions, (i) the principle
that certain remedies in relation to regulated entities may require further approval from government or regulatory bodies or pursuant
to agreements with such bodies, (j) the principles of private and procedural laws which affect the enforcement of a foreign court
judgment, (k) similar principles, rights and defenses under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, (l) the UK Guarantee Limitations
and (m) any other matters which are set out as qualifications or reservations (however described) in any legal opinion delivered
pursuant to the Loan Documents.

"Lender" has
the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement, and shall also include any other Person made a party to this Agreement pursuant
to the provisions of Section 13.1 of this Agreement and "Lenders" means each of the Lenders or any one or more of
them.

"Lender Group"
means each of the Lenders and Agent, or any one or more of them.

-35-

"Lender Group Expenses"
means all (a) costs or expenses (including Taxes and insurance premiums) required to be paid by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries
under any of the Loan Documents that are paid, advanced, or incurred by the Lender Group, (b) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees or charges paid or incurred by Agent or Revolving Agent in connection with the Lender Group's transactions with each Loan Party and
its Subsidiaries under any of the Loan Documents, including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket attorneys' fees and expenses, photocopying,
notarization, couriers and messengers, telecommunication, public record searches, filing fees, recording fees, publication, real estate
surveys, real estate title policies and endorsements, and environmental audits, (c) Agent's and Revolving Agent's customary fees
and charges imposed or incurred in connection with any background checks or OFAC/PEP searches related to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries,
(d) Agent's and Revolving Agent's customary fees and charges (as adjusted from time to time) with respect to the disbursement of
funds (or the receipt of funds) to or for the account of any Borrower (whether by wire transfer or otherwise), together with any out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, (e) customary charges imposed or incurred by Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender
resulting from the dishonor of checks payable by or to any Loan Party, (f) reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
paid or incurred by the Lender Group to correct any default or enforce any provision of the Loan Documents, or during the continuance
of an Event of Default, in gaining possession of, maintaining, handling, preserving, storing, shipping, selling, preparing for sale, or
advertising to sell the Collateral, or any portion thereof, irrespective of whether a sale is consummated, (g) field examination,
financial examination, appraisal, and valuation fees and expenses of Agent and Revolving Agent related to any field examinations, financial
examinations, appraisals, or valuation to the extent of the fees and charges (and up to the amount of any limitation) provided in Section 5.7(c) of
this Agreement, (h) Agent's, Revolving Agent's and Lenders' reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket attorneys' fees and expenses) relative to third party claims or any other lawsuit or adverse proceeding paid
or incurred, whether in enforcing or defending the Loan Documents or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Loan Documents, Agent's Liens in and to the Collateral, or the Lender Group's relationship with any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries,
(i) Agent's and Revolving Agent's reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented
attorneys' fees and due diligence expenses for one outside counsel of Agent, for one outside counsel of Revolving Agent and for such other
specialty counsel or local counsel as Agent or Revolving Agent reasonably elects to employ) incurred in advising, structuring, drafting,
reviewing, administering, or amending, waiving, or modifying the Loan Documents or any agreement among Lenders, and (j) Agent's,
Revolving Agent's and each Lender's reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys,
accountants, consultants, and other advisors fees and expenses) incurred in terminating, enforcing (including attorneys, accountants,
consultants, and other advisors fees and expenses incurred in connection with a "workout," a "restructuring," or an
Insolvency Proceeding concerning any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or in exercising rights or remedies under the Loan Documents),
or defending the Loan Documents or any agreement among Lenders, irrespective of whether a lawsuit or other adverse proceeding is brought,
or in taking any enforcement action or any Remedial Action with respect to the Collateral.

"Lender Group Representatives"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9 of this Agreement.

"Lender-Related Person"
means, with respect to any Lender, such Lender, together with such Lender's Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and
agents.

"Lien" means
any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, charge, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, easement, lien (statutory or
other), security interest, or other security arrangement and any other preference, priority, or preferential arrangement of any kind or
nature whatsoever, including any conditional sale contract or other title retention agreement, the interest of a lessor under a Capital
Lease and any synthetic or other financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing.

"Liquidity"
means, as of any date of determination, the sum of Availability and Qualified Cash as of such date.

"Loan Account"
means an account maintained hereunder by Agent on its books, in which the Borrowers will be charged with all Loans made to, and all other
Obligations incurred by, the Borrowers.

-36-

"Loan
Documents" means this Agreement, the Canadian Security Documents, the Control Agreements, any Copyright Security Agreement,
the Fee Letter, the Revolver Fee Letter, the Amendment No. 1 Revolver Fee Letter the Amendment No.
2 Revolver Fee Letter, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, the UK Security Documents, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement,
any Mortgages, any Patent Security Agreement, the Trademark Security Agreement, the Perfection Certificate, any Compliance Certificate,
any Notice of Borrowing, the Specified Preferred Subordination Agreement, any note or notes executed by Borrowers in connection with
this Agreement and payable to any member of the Lender Group, and any other instrument or agreement entered into, now or in the future,
by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any member of the Lender Group in connection with this Agreement (but specifically
excluding Bank Product Agreements).

"Loan Party"
means any Borrower or any Guarantor.

"Loans" means,
collectively, any Revolving Loans, the Term Loan and any Protective Advances.

"Margin Stock"
as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors as in effect from time to time.

"Material Adverse Effect"
means (a) a material adverse effect in the business, operations, results of operations, assets, liabilities or financial condition
of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) a material impairment of the Loan Parties' and their Subsidiaries'
ability to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents to which they are parties or of the Lender Group's ability to enforce the
Obligations or realize upon the Collateral (other than as a result of as a result of an action taken or not taken that is solely in the
control of Agent), or (c) a material impairment of the enforceability or priority of Agent's Liens with respect to all or a material
portion of the Collateral.

"Material Contract"
means, with respect to any Person, each contract or agreement to which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries is a party involving aggregate
consideration payable to or by such Person or such Subsidiary of $50,000,000 or more in any fiscal year.

"Material Indebtedness"
means any Indebtedness in an aggregate amount greater than $10,000,000.

"Maturity Date"
means the earlier of (a) July 31, 2028 (provided that, if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding
Business Day) or (b) the date that is ninety (90) days prior to the earliest date that the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt
shall (or may) otherwise become due and payable.

"Maximum Revolver Amount"
means $60,000,00056,820,566.85,
decreased by the amount of permanent reductions in the Revolver Commitments made in accordance with this Agreement; provided that for
the avoidance of doubt, the Amendment No. 1 Availability Block Amount shall not constitute a permanent reduction in the Revolver
Commitments.

"Moody's" has
the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Cash Equivalents.

-37-

"Mortgages"
means, individually and collectively, one or more mortgages, deeds of trust, deeds of immovable hypothec or deeds to secure debt, executed
and delivered by a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in favor of Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, that
encumber the Real Property Collateral.

"Multiemployer Plan"
means any multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA with respect to which any Loan Party
or ERISA Affiliate has an obligation to contribute or has any liability, contingent or otherwise or could be assessed withdrawal liability
assuming a complete withdrawal from any such multiemployer plan.

"Net Cash Proceeds"
means:

(a) with
respect to any sale or disposition by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of assets, the amount of cash proceeds received (directly
or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of
such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, in connection therewith after deducting therefrom only (i) the amount of any Indebtedness secured
by any Permitted Lien on any asset (other than (A) Indebtedness owing to Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender under this Agreement
or the other Loan Documents and (B) Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such asset) which is required to be, and is, repaid
in connection with such sale or disposition, (ii) reasonable fees, commissions, and expenses related thereto and required to be paid
by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such sale or disposition, (iii) taxes paid or payable to any taxing authorities
by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such sale or disposition, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent,
that the amounts so deducted are, at the time of receipt of such cash, actually paid or payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of
any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, and are properly attributable to such transaction, and (iv) all amounts that are set aside
as a reserve (A) for adjustments in respect of the purchase price of such assets, (B) for any liabilities associated with such
sale or casualty, to the extent such reserve is required by GAAP, and (C) for the payment of unassumed liabilities relating to the
assets sold or otherwise disposed of at the time of, or within 30 days after, the date of such sale or other disposition, to the extent
that in each case the funds described above in this clause (iv) are (x) deposited into escrow with a third party escrow agent
or set aside in a separate Deposit Account that is subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Revolving Agent (in its capacity as sub-agent
of Agent), and (y) paid to Agent as a prepayment of the applicable Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(e) of
this Agreement at such time when such amounts are no longer required to be set aside as such a reserve; and

(b) with
respect to the issuance or incurrence of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or the issuance by any Loan Party
or any of its Subsidiaries of any Equity Interests, the aggregate amount of cash received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether
as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary
in connection with such issuance or incurrence, after deducting therefrom only (i) reasonable fees, commissions, and expenses related
thereto and required to be paid by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such issuance or incurrence, and (ii) taxes
paid or payable to any taxing authorities by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such issuance or incurrence, in each
case to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are, at the time of receipt of such cash, actually paid or payable
to a Person that is not an Affiliate of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, and are properly attributable to such transaction.

-38-

"Net Leverage Ratio"
means, as of any date of determination, the result of (a) an amount equal to (i) the amount of Funded Indebtedness (other than
the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt) as of such date, minus (ii) the lesser of (x) $20,000,000 and (y) the
amount of Qualified Cash as of such date, to (b) TTM EBITDA; provided that, for purposes of determining Funded Indebtedness,
as of any date of determination, Revolver Usage shall be deemed to be the Average Revolver Usage as of such date of determination; provided
that, for purposes of determining Revolver Usage during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the 3 month anniversary
of the Closing Date, such Indebtedness, as of any date of determination, shall be deemed to be the average daily amount of such Indebtedness
for the period ending on such date of determination.

"Net Leverage Ratio
Calculation" has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"Net Working Capital"
means, as of any date of determination, Current Assets as of such date minus Current Liabilities as of such date.

"Non-Consenting Lender"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 14.2(a) of this Agreement.

"Non-Defaulting Lender"
means each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender.

"Notice of Borrowing"
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 to this Agreement delivered by an Authorized Person of Comtech
to Agent (with a copy to Revolving Agent with respect to any Revolving Loans).

"Notification Event"
means (a) the occurrence of a "reportable event" described in Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day notice requirement
has not been waived by applicable regulations issued by the PBGC, (b) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate from a
Pension Plan during a plan year in which it was a "substantial employer" as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA,
(c) the termination of a Pension Plan, the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension
Plan amendment as a termination, under Section 4041 of ERISA, if the plan assets are not sufficient to pay all plan liabilities,
(d) the institution of proceedings to terminate, or the appointment of a trustee with respect to, any Pension Plan by the PBGC or
any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan administrator, (e) any other event or condition that would constitute grounds under Section 4042(a) of
ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan, (f) the imposition of a Lien pursuant
to the IRC or ERISA in connection with any Employee Benefit Plan or the existence of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably
be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien, (g) the partial or complete withdrawal of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate from
a Multiemployer Plan (other than any withdrawal that would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.12), (h) any
event or condition that results in the insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, (i) [reserved],
(j) any Pension Plan being in "at risk status" within the meaning of IRC Section 430(i), (k) any Multiemployer
Plan being in "endangered status" or "critical status" within the meaning of IRC Section 432(b) or the determination
that any Multiemployer Plan is or is expected to be insolvent within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, (l) with respect to any Pension
Plan, any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate incurring a substantial cessation of operations within the meaning of ERISA Section 4062(e),
(m) an "accumulated funding deficiency" within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC or
Section 302 of ERISA) or the failure of any Pension Plan to meet the minimum funding standards within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA
(including Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA), in each case, whether or not waived, (n) the filing of an application
for a waiver of the minimum funding standards within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302
of ERISA) with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (o) the failure to make by its due date a required payment or contribution
with respect to any Pension Plan, or (p) any event that results in or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability by a
Loan Party pursuant to Title I of ERISA or the excise tax provisions of the IRC relating to Employee Benefit Plans or any event that results
in or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability to any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title IV of ERISA or Section 401(a)(29)
of the IRC.

-39-

"Obligations"
means (a) all loans (including the Loans), debts, principal, interest (including any interest that accrues after the commencement
of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding),
premiums, liabilities, obligations (including indemnification obligations), fees (including the fees provided for in the Fee Letter,
the Revolver Fee Letter, the Amendment No. 1 Revolver Fee Letter
and the Amendment No. 2 Revolver Fee Letter), Lender Group Expenses (including any fees or expenses that accrue after the
commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency
Proceeding), guaranties, and all covenants and duties of any other kind and description owing by any Loan Party arising out of, under,
pursuant to, in connection with, or evidenced by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and irrespective of whether for the
payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and including
all interest not paid when due and all other expenses or other amounts that any Loan Party is required to pay or reimburse by the Loan
Documents or by law or otherwise in connection with the Loan Documents, and (b) all Bank Product Obligations; provided that,
anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing notwithstanding, the Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligation. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of Borrowers under the Loan Documents include the obligation to pay (i) the
principal of the Loans, (ii) interest accrued on the Loans, (iii) Lender Group Expenses, (iv) fees payable under this
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and (v) indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document.
Any reference in this Agreement or in the Loan Documents to the Obligations shall include all or any portion thereof and any extensions,
modifications, renewals, or alterations thereof, both prior and subsequent to any Insolvency Proceeding.

"OFAC" means
The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

"Originating Lender"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(e) of this Agreement.

-40-

"Other Connection Taxes"
means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction
imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations
under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced
any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

"Other Taxes"
means all present or future stamp, court, excise, value added, or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise
from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection
of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed
with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.13(b) or Section 14.2).

"Overadvance"
means, as of any date of determination, that the Revolver Usage is greater than the lesser of (a) the Borrowing Base at such time
and (b) the Maximum Revolver Amount less the Amendment No. 1 Availability Block Amount at such time.

"Participant"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(e) of this Agreement.

"Participant Register"
has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(i) of this Agreement.

"Patent Security Agreement"
has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement.

"Patriot Act"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.13 of this Agreement.

"Payment Recipient"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement.

"PBGC" means
the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor agency.

"Pension Plan"
means any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, which is subject to the provisions of Title IV or Section 302 of
ERISA or Sections 412 or 430 of the IRC sponsored, maintained, or contributed to by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate or to which any
Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has any liability, contingent or otherwise.

"Perfection Certificate"
means a certificate in the form of Exhibit P-1 to this Agreement.

"Perfection
Requirements" means the making or the procuring of any appropriate registration, filing, recordings, enrolments, registrations,
notations in stock registries, notarizations, notifications, endorsements and/or stampings of the Loan Documents and/or the security created
thereunder.

-41-

"Periodic Term SOFR
Determination Day" has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Term SOFR.

"Permitted Acquisition"
means any Acquisition so long as:

(a) no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition and
the proposed Acquisition is consensual,

(b) no
Indebtedness will be incurred, assumed, or would exist with respect to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries as a result of such Acquisition,
other than Indebtedness permitted under clauses (f) or (g) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness and no Liens will be
incurred, assumed, or would exist with respect to the assets of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries as a result of such Acquisition other
than Permitted Liens,

(c) Borrowers
have provided Agent and Revolving Agent with written confirmation, supported by reasonably detailed calculations, that on a pro forma
basis (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to such proposed Acquisition, are factually
supportable, and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case, determined as if the combination had been accomplished at the
beginning of the relevant period; such eliminations and inclusions determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation
S-X promulgated under the Securities Act and as interpreted by the staff of the SEC, but without giving effect to any modifications relating
to "Managements Adjustments" promulgated after December 31, 2020) by adding the historical combined financial statements
of Comtech (including the combined financial statements of any other Person or assets that were the subject of a prior Permitted Acquisition
during the relevant period) to the historical consolidated financial statements of the Person to be acquired (or the historical financial
statements related to the assets to be acquired) pursuant to the proposed Acquisition, (i) the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries
would have been in compliance with the financial covenants in Section 7 of this Agreement for the fiscal quarter ended immediately
prior to the proposed date of consummation of such proposed Acquisition (with respect to Section 7(b), determined as if the
applicable maximum Net Leverage Ratio were 0.15:1.00 less than the maximum Net Leverage Ratio set forth for such date), (ii) the
Net Leverage Ratio (as of the last day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrowers most recently ended for which
financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Schedule 5.1(a) or 5.1(e)) is less than 2.50 to 1.00, calculated on a pro forma
basis after giving effect to such proposed Acquisition and any incurrence of Indebtedness in connection therewith, and (iii) after
giving effect to the consummation of such proposed Acquisition, Liquidity is at least $32,500,000 (of which at least $20,000,000 is Availability),

(d) Borrowers
have provided Agent and Revolving Agent with its due diligence package relative to the proposed Acquisition, including forecasted balance
sheets, profit and loss statements, and cash flow statements of the Person or assets to be acquired, all prepared on a basis consistent
with such Person's (or assets') historical financial statements, together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of underlying
assumptions for the one year period following the date of the proposed Acquisition, on a quarter by quarter basis), and, to the extent
available, all other information reasonably requested by Agent in connection with the proposed Acquisition; provided, that with
respect to Acquisitions for which the total consideration (including any earnout or other deferred purchase price component) is less than
$5,000,000, each of the items set forth in this clause (d) shall only be required to be delivered to Agent to the extent such items
are available or have been prepared,

-42-

(e) the
assets being acquired or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired did not have EBITDA (calculated on a pro forma basis after
giving effect to the consummation of the proposed Acquisition, adjusted in accordance with the definition of EBITDA set forth herein)
during the 12 consecutive month period most recently concluded prior to the date of the proposed Acquisition of less than $0,

(f) Borrowers
have provided Agent and Revolving Agent with written notice of the proposed Acquisition at least fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the
anticipated closing date of the proposed Acquisition (or such later date as permitted by Agent and Revolving Agent in their reasonable
discretion) and, not later than five (5) Business Days prior to the anticipated closing date of the proposed Acquisition (or such
later date as permitted by Agent in its reasonable discretion), copies of the acquisition agreement and other material documents relative
to the proposed Acquisition,

(g) the
assets being acquired (other than a de minimis amount of assets in relation to Comtech's and its Subsidiaries' total assets), or
the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired, are useful in or engaged in, as applicable, the business of the Loan Parties and
their Subsidiaries or a business reasonably related thereto,

(h) the
assets being acquired (other than a de minimis amount of assets in relation to the assets being acquired) are located within the
United States, Canada or the United Kingdom or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located
within the United States, Canada or the United Kingdom,

(i) the
subject assets or Equity Interests, as applicable, are being acquired directly by a Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries that is a Loan
Party, and, in connection therewith, the applicable Loan Party shall have complied with Section 5.11 or 5.12 of this
Agreement, as applicable, of this Agreement and, in the case of an acquisition of Equity Interests, the Person whose Equity Interests
are acquired shall become a Loan Party and the applicable Loan Party shall have demonstrated to Agent that the new Loan Parties have received
consideration sufficient to make the joinder documents binding and enforceable against such new Loan Parties,

(j) the
purchase consideration payable in respect of all Permitted Acquisitions (including the proposed Acquisition and including deferred payment
obligations (including Earn-Outs)) shall not exceed $30,000,000 individually and $75,000,000 in the aggregate, and

(k) Agent
and Revolving Agent shall have received a certificate in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and Revolving Agent executed by an Authorized
Person of Comtech that the conditions set forth in clauses (a) through (j) have been satisfied.

-43-

"Permitted Discretion"
means a determination made in good faith in the exercise of commercially reasonable (from the perspective of a senior secured lender)
credit and business judgment.

"Permitted Dispositions"
means:

(a) sales,
abandonment, or other dispositions of Equipment that is substantially worn, damaged, or obsolete or no longer used or useful in the ordinary
course of business and leases or subleases of Real Property not useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries,

(b) sales
of Inventory to buyers in the ordinary course of business,

(c) the
use or transfer of money or Cash Equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents,

(d) the
licensing, on a non-exclusive basis, of Intellectual Property (i) in the ordinary course of business or (ii) consistent
with past practice,

(e) the
granting of Permitted Liens,

(f) the
sale or discount, in each case without recourse, of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business, but only in connection
with the compromise or collection thereof,

(g) any
involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property,

(h) any
involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of
use of property,

(i) the
leasing or subleasing of assets of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business,

(j) the
sale or issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Comtech to the extent not resulting in a Change of
Control,

(k) (i) the
lapse of registered Intellectual Property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent not economically desirable
in the conduct of its business in the sole business judgement of the Loan Parties, or (ii) the abandonment of rights in Intellectual
Property (x) in the ordinary course of business, (y) consistent with past practice, or (z) as determined by any Loan Party
in its reasonable business judgment, so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), such lapse is not materially adverse to
the interests of any Loan Party or the Lender Group,

(l) the
making of Restricted Payments that are expressly permitted to be made pursuant to this Agreement,

(m) the
making of Permitted Investments,

-44-

(n) so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would immediately result therefrom, transfers of assets (i) from any
Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to a Loan Party, and (ii) from any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to
any other Subsidiary of any Loan Party,

(o) dispositions
of Equipment or Real Property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar
replacement property, or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;
provided, that to the extent the property being transferred constitutes Collateral, such replacement property shall constitute
Collateral,

(p) dispositions
of assets acquired by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition consummated within 12 months of the
date of the proposed disposition so long as (i) the consideration received for the assets to be so disposed is at least equal to
the fair market value of such assets, (ii) the assets to be so disposed are not necessary or economically desirable in connection
with the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and (iii) the assets to be so disposed are readily identifiable as
assets acquired pursuant to the subject Permitted Acquisition,

(q) sale
and leaseback transactions permitted by Section 6.14,

(r) Specified
Permitted Dispositions, so long as (A) such Specified Permitted Disposition is on terms, and subject to documentation, reasonably
acceptable to Agent, (B) the Net Cash Proceeds from each such Specified Permitted Disposition represent at least 80% of the gross
proceeds from each such Specified Permitted Disposition and (C) 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds are applied against the outstanding
principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii), and

(s) sales
or dispositions of fixed assets (including intangible property related to such fixed assets) not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through
(r) above so long as made at fair market value and the aggregate fair market value of all assets disposed of in any fiscal year (including
the proposed disposition) would not exceed $2,500,000.

"Permitted Holders"
means, collectively, (a) White Hat Capital Partners LP and its Affiliates and (b) Magnetar Capital LLC and its Affiliates.

"Permitted Indebtedness"
means:

(a) Indebtedness
in respect of the Obligations,

(b) Indebtedness
as of the Closing Date set forth on Schedule P-1 to this Agreement (provided, that any Indebtedness outstanding immediately
prior to the Closing Date that is unsecured and less than $50,000 individually, or $150,000 in the aggregate for all such Indebtedness,
shall not be required to be set forth on Schedule P-1) and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness,

(c) Permitted
Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness,

-45-

(d) Indebtedness
arising in connection with the endorsement of instruments or other payment items for deposit,

(e) Indebtedness
consisting of (i) unsecured guarantees incurred in the ordinary course of business with respect to surety and appeal bonds, performance
bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, completion guarantee and similar obligations so long as the underlying Indebtedness that is being guaranteed
is permitted pursuant to the terms hereof; and (ii) unsecured guarantees arising with respect to customary indemnification obligations
to purchasers in connection with Permitted Dispositions,

(f) unsecured
Indebtedness of any Loan Party that is incurred on the date of the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition solely for the purpose of consummating
such Permitted Acquisition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) such
unsecured Indebtedness is not incurred for working capital purposes, (iii) such unsecured Indebtedness does not mature prior to the
date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date, (iv) such unsecured Indebtedness does not amortize until 91 days after the Maturity
Date, (v) such unsecured Indebtedness does not provide for the payment of interest thereon in cash or Cash Equivalents prior to the
date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date, and (vi) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on
terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to Agent and is otherwise on terms and conditions (including economic terms and absence of
covenants) reasonably satisfactory to Agent,

(g) Acquired
Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed $5,000,000 outstanding at any one time,

(h) Indebtedness
incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, surety, statutory, or appeal bonds in an amount not to exceed $215,000,000
in the aggregate,

(i) Indebtedness
owed to any Person providing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, so long as
the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of,
such insurance for the year in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such year,

(j) the
incurrence by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness under Hedge Agreements that is incurred for the bona fide purpose of
hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Party's or such Subsidiary's operations and
not for speculative purposes,

(k) Indebtedness
incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards,
commercial cards (including so-called "purchase cards", "procurement cards" or "p-cards"), or Cash Management
Services,

(l) unsecured
Indebtedness of any Loan Party owing to employees, former employees, former officers, directors, or former directors (or any spouses,
ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) incurred in connection with the repurchase or redemption by such Loan Party of the Equity
Interests of Comtech that has been issued to such Persons, so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
or would result from the incurrence of such Indebtedness, (ii) the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness outstanding at any one
time does not exceed $1,000,000, and (iii) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and
conditions reasonably acceptable to Agent,

-46-

(m) contingent
liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan
Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions,

(n) Indebtedness
comprising Permitted Investments,

(o) unsecured
Indebtedness incurred in respect of netting services, overdraft protection, and other like services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary
course of business,

(p) unsecured
Indebtedness of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in respect of Earn-Outs owing to sellers of assets or Equity Interests to such Loan
Party or its Subsidiaries that is incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions so long as such unsecured
Indebtedness is on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Agent,

(q) accrual
of interest, accretion or amortization of original issue discount, or the payment of interest in kind, in each case, on Indebtedness that
otherwise constitutes Permitted Indebtedness,

(r) Indebtedness
in respect of letters of credit in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $10,000,000 at any time,

(s) so
long as such Indebtedness is subject to the Specified Preferred Subordination Agreement, the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt in
an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $25,000,00065,000,000
(excluding any capitalized interest paid in kind in accordance with the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt Documents and the Specified
Preferred Subordination Agreement), and

(t) any
other Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at
any one time.

"Permitted Intercompany
Advances" means loans made by (a) a Loan Party to another Loan Party (other than a Specified Loan Party), (b) a Specified
Loan Party to another Specified Loan Party, (c) a Loan Party (other than a Specified Loan Party) to a Specified Loan Party so long
as the aggregate amount of all such loans (by type, not by the borrower) does not exceed $15,000,000; provided that, for the avoidance
of doubt, any loans made by a Loan Party (other than a Specified Loan Party) to a Specified Loan Party prior to the Closing Date shall
not count towards such permitted amount, (d) a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to another Subsidiary of a Loan
Party that is not a Loan Party, (e) a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to a Loan Party, so long as the parties
thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, and (f) a Loan Party to a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a
Loan Party so long as (i) the aggregate amount of all such loans (by type, not by the borrower) does not exceed $2,500,000 outstanding
at any one time; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any loans made by a Loan Party to a Subsidiary organized under the
laws of England and Wales prior to the Closing Date shall not count towards such permitted amount, (ii) at the time of the making
of such loan, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, and (iii) Availability after giving effect
to such loan is not less than $35,000,000.

-47-

"Permitted Investments"
means:

(a) Investments
in cash and Cash Equivalents,

(b) Investments
in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business,

(c) advances
made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business,

(d) Investments
received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the ordinary course of business or owing
to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an Account Debtor or upon the foreclosure
or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries,

(e) Investments
owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date (provided, that any such Investments in excess of $50,000
individually or $150,000 in the aggregate shall be set forth on Schedule P-2 to this Agreement),

(f) guarantees
permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,

(g) Permitted
Intercompany Advances,

(h) Equity
Interests or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness or claims due or owing to a
Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security
for any such Indebtedness or claims,

(i) deposits
of cash made in the ordinary course of business to secure performance of operating leases,

(j) (i) non-cash
loans and advances to employees, officers, and directors of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries for the purpose of purchasing Equity
Interests in Comtech so long as the proceeds of such loans are used in their entirety to purchase such Equity Interests in Comtech, and
(ii) loans and advances to employees and officers of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business for
any other business purpose and in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000 at any one time,

(k) Permitted
Acquisitions,

(l) Investments
in the form of capital contributions and the acquisition of Equity Interests made by any Loan Party in any other Loan Party (other than
capital contributions to or the acquisition of Equity Interests of Comtech),

-48-

(m) Investments
resulting from entering into (i) Bank Product Agreements, or (ii) agreements relative to obligations permitted under clause
(j) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,

(n) equity
Investments by any Loan Party in any Subsidiary of such Loan Party which is required by law to maintain a minimum net capital requirement
or as may be otherwise required by applicable law,

(o) Investments
held by a Person acquired in a Permitted Acquisition to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection
with such Permitted Acquisition and were in existence on the date of such Permitted Acquisition, and

(p) so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, any other Investments in an aggregate amount not
to exceed $1,000,000 during the term of this Agreement.

"Permitted Liens"
means:

(a) Liens
granted to, or for the benefit of, Agent (and in the case of Control Agreements, Revolving Agent, in its capacity as sub-agent of Agent)
for the benefit of Agent, Revolving Agent, Lenders and Bank Product Providers, to secure the Obligations,

(b) Liens
for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested pursuant to a Permitted Protest,

(c) judgment
Liens arising solely as a result of the existence of judgments, orders, or awards that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.3
of this Agreement,

(d) Liens
set forth on Schedule P-3 to this Agreement; provided, that to qualify as a Permitted Lien, any such Lien described on Schedule
P-3 to this Agreement shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Closing Date and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect
thereof,

(e) the
interests of lessors under operating leases and non-exclusive licensors under license agreements,

(f) purchase
money Liens on fixed assets or the interests of lessors under Capital Leases to the extent that such Liens or interests secure Permitted
Purchase Money Indebtedness and so long as (i) such Lien attaches only to the fixed asset purchased or acquired and the proceeds
thereof, and (ii) such Lien only secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire the fixed asset purchased or acquired or any
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof,

(g) Liens
arising by operation of law in favor of warehousemen, landlords, carriers, mechanics, materialmen, laborers, or suppliers, incurred in
the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money, and which Liens either (i) are for sums not yet
delinquent, or (ii) are the subject of Permitted Protests,

-49-

(h) Liens
on amounts deposited to secure Comtech's and its Subsidiaries' obligations in connection with worker's compensation or other unemployment
insurance,

(i) Liens
on amounts deposited to secure Comtech's and its Subsidiaries' obligations in connection with the making or entering into of bids, tenders,
or leases in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money,

(j) Liens
on amounts deposited to secure Comtech's and its Subsidiaries' reimbursement obligations with respect to surety or appeal bonds obtained
in the ordinary course of business and permitted under clause (h) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness so long as such Liens
are not "all asset" or "substantially all asset" Liens and remain unperfected,

(k) with
respect to any Real Property, easements, rights of way, and zoning restrictions that do not materially interfere with or impair the use
or operation thereof,

(l) non-exclusive
licenses of rights in Intellectual Property, (i) in the ordinary course of business or (ii) consistent with past practice,

(m) Liens
that are replacements of Permitted Liens to the extent that the original Indebtedness is the subject of permitted Refinancing Indebtedness
and so long as the replacement Liens only encumber those assets that secured the original Indebtedness,

(n) rights
of setoff or bankers' liens upon deposits of funds in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in
connection with the maintenance of such deposits and the use of Automated Clearing House transfers in connection therewith (including
in respect of ordinary course cash management activities), in each case, in the ordinary course of business,

(o) Liens
granted in the ordinary course of business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums
to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,

(p) Liens
in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation
of goods,

(q) Liens
solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase
agreement with respect to a Permitted Acquisition,

(r) Liens
assumed by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition that secure Acquired Indebtedness that is Permitted
Indebtedness so long as such Liens are limited to the assets financed thereby,

(s) Liens
over cash collateral or certificates of deposit, in each case in connection with the cash collateralization of letters of credit permitted
under clause (r) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, not in excess of 105% of the aggregate face amount of all such letters
of credit,

-50-

(t) Liens
securing the Indebtedness permitted under clause (t) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, and

(u) Liens
granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party securing an aggregate amount of Indebtedness (for all Subsidiaries that are not Loan
Parties, collectively) not to exceed $5,000,000, and which is permitted to be incurred by such Subsidiary under Section 6.1.

"Permitted Protest"
means the right of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to protest any Lien (other than any Lien that secures the Obligations), taxes
(other than payroll taxes or taxes that are the subject of a United States federal tax lien), or rental payment; provided, that
(a) a reserve with respect to such obligation is established on such Loan Party's or its Subsidiaries' books and records in such
amount as is required under GAAP, (b) any such protest is instituted promptly and prosecuted diligently by such Loan Party or its
Subsidiary, as applicable, in good faith, and (c) Agent is satisfied that, while any such protest is pending, there will be no impairment
of the enforceability, validity, or priority of any of Agent's Liens.

"Permitted Purchase
Money Indebtedness" means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized
Lease Obligations), incurred after the Closing Date and at the time of, or within twenty (20) days after, the acquisition of any fixed
assets for the purpose of financing all or any part of the acquisition cost thereof, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any
one time not in excess of $5,000,000.

"Person" means
natural persons, corporations, limited liability companies, limited partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability partnerships,
joint ventures, trusts, land trusts, business trusts, or other organizations, irrespective of whether they are legal entities, and governments
and agencies and political subdivisions thereof.

"PIK Election Deadline"
has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"PIK Election Notice"
means a written notice in the form of Exhibit P-2 to this Agreement.

"PIK Interest"
has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"PPSA" means
the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) and the Regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect, provided, however,
if attachment, perfection or priority of Agents security interests in any Collateral are governed by the personal property security
laws of any jurisdiction other than Ontario, PPSA shall mean those personal property security laws as in effect from time to time in such
other jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the Civil Code of Qubec) for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating
to such attachment, perfection or priority and for the definitions related to such provisions.

"Pricing Grid Period"
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.

-51-

"Pro Rata Commitment
Reduction Amount" means, as of any date of determination, with respect to (a) any voluntary prepayment of the Term Loan
or (b) a mandatory prepayment of the Term Loan pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(iii), the amount equal to the product of (i) the
aggregate principal amount of such prepayment, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Maximum Revolver Amount
as of such date and the denominator of which is the sum of (x) the Maximum Revolver Amount (without giving effect to any reduction
related to any Revolving Loans made in respect thereof), and (y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan, in
each case as of such date.

"Pro Rata Share"
means, as of any date of determination:

(a) with
respect to a Lender's obligation to make all or a portion of the Revolving Loans, with respect to such Lender's right to receive payments
of interest, fees, and principal with respect to the Revolving Loans, and with respect to all other computations and other matters related
to the Revolver Commitments or the Revolving Loans, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender,
by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders,

(b) with
respect to a Lender's obligation to make all or a portion of the Term Loan, with respect to such Lender's right to receive payments of
interest, fees, and principal with respect to the Term Loan, and with respect to all other computations and other matters related to the
Term Loan Commitments or the Term Loan, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Term Loan Exposure of such Lender, by (ii) the
aggregate Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders, and

(c) with
respect to all other matters and for all other matters as to a particular Lender (including the indemnification obligations arising under
Section 15.7 of this Agreement), the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure and Term Loan Exposure
of such Lender, by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure and Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders, in any such case as the applicable
percentage may be adjusted by assignments permitted pursuant to Section 13.1.

"Projections"
means Comtech's forecasted (a) balance sheets, (b) profit and loss statements, and (c) cash flow statements, all prepared
on a basis consistent with Comtech's historical financial statements, together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of
underlying assumptions.

"Protective Advances"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(d)(i) of this Agreement.

"Public Lender"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(c) of this Agreement.

"Purchase Price"
means, with respect to any Acquisition or Specified Permitted Disposition, an amount equal to the aggregate consideration, whether cash,
property or securities (including the fair market value of any Equity Interests of Comtech issued in connection with such Acquisition
and including the maximum amount of Earn-Outs), paid or delivered or received by a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in connection
with such Acquisition or Specified Permitted Disposition (whether paid at the closing thereof or payable thereafter and whether fixed
or contingent), but excluding therefrom (a) any cash of the seller and its Affiliates used to fund any portion of such consideration,
and (b) any cash or Cash Equivalents acquired or sold in connection with such Acquisition or Specified Permitted Disposition.

-52-

"QFC" has the
meaning assigned to the term "qualified financial contract" in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 
5390(c)(8)(D).

"QFC Credit Support"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.16 of this Agreement.

"Qualified Cash"
means, as of any date of determination, the amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties that is in Deposit Accounts
or in Securities Accounts, or any combination thereof, and (a) with respect to not more than $7,500,000 of Qualified Cash in the
aggregate at any time is held in a Deposit Account maintained by a branch office of the applicable bank located in Canada or the United
Kingdom and with respect to which Agent has a perfected Lien under applicable Law or (b) which such Deposit Account or Securities
Account is the subject of a Control Agreement and is maintained by a branch office of the bank or securities intermediary located within
the United States; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any such Deposit Account or Securities Account
that is maintained by a branch office of the bank or securities intermediary located within the United States, prior to the date that
is 60 days (or, if consented to in writing by Agent and Revolving Agent (such consent not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), 90 days)
after the Closing Date (or such longer period agreed to in writing by Agent in its sole discretion), such Deposit Accounts and/or Securities
Accounts need not be required to be subject to Control Agreements.

"Qualified Equity Interests"
means and refers to any Equity Interests issued by Comtech (and not by one or more of its Subsidiaries) that is not a Disqualified Equity
Interest.

"Real Property"
means any estates or interests (other than leasehold interests) in real property now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party or
one of its Subsidiaries and the improvements thereto.

"Real Property Collateral"
means (a) the Real Property identified on Schedule R-1 to this Agreement, and (b) any Real Property hereafter acquired
by any Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries with a fair market value in excess of $1,000,000.

"Recipient"
means any recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan
Document.

"Record" means
information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or that is stored in an electronic or other medium and is retrievable in perceivable
form.

"Reference Period"
has the meaning set forth in the definition of EBITDA.

-53-

"Refinancing Indebtedness"
means refinancings, renewals, or extensions of Indebtedness so long as:

(a) such
refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in an increase in the principal amount of the Indebtedness so refinanced, renewed,
or extended, other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount
of unfunded commitments with respect thereto,

(b) such
refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in a shortening of the final stated maturity or the average weighted maturity (measured
as of the refinancing, renewal, or extension) of the Indebtedness so refinanced, renewed, or extended, nor are they on terms or conditions
that, taken as a whole, are or could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders,

(c) if
the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended was subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, then the terms and
conditions of the refinancing, renewal, or extension must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to
the Lender Group as those that were applicable to the refinanced, renewed, or extended Indebtedness,

(d) the
Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended is not recourse to any Person that is liable on account of the Obligations other
than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended,

(e) if
the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed or extended was unsecured, such refinancing, renewal or extension shall be unsecured, and

(f) if
the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended was secured (i) such refinancing, renewal, or extension shall be secured
by substantially the same or less collateral as secured such refinanced, renewed or extended Indebtedness on terms no less favorable to
Agent or the Lender Group and (ii) the Liens securing such refinancing, renewal or extension shall not have a priority more senior
than the Liens securing such Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed or extended.

"Register"
has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(h) of this Agreement.

"Related Fund"
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions
of credit in the ordinary course and that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender,
or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender.

"Releases"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.11 of this Agreement.

"Relevant Governmental
Body" means the Board of Governors or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by
the Board of Governors or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto.

-54-

"Remedial Action"
means all actions taken to (a) clean up, remove, remediate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, or in any way address Hazardous
Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) prevent or minimize a release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials so
they do not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, (c) restore
or reclaim natural resources or the environment, (d) perform any pre-remedial studies, investigations, or post-remedial operation
and maintenance activities, or (e) conduct any other actions with respect to Hazardous Materials required by Environmental Laws;
provided, that Remedial Action shall not include any actions undertaken in the ordinary course of business to comply with Environmental
Laws in the course of daily operations.

"Replacement Lender"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.13(b) of this Agreement.

"Required Lenders"
means, at any time, Lenders having or holding more than 50% of the sum of (a) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders,
plus (b) the aggregate Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders; provided, that the Revolving Loan Exposure and Term
Loan Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the Required Lenders.

"Required Revolving
Lenders" means, at any time, Lenders having or holding more than 50% of the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders;
provided, that the Revolving Loan Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the Required Revolving
Lenders

"Required Term Loan
Lenders" means, at any time, Lenders having or holding more than 50% of the aggregate Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders; provided,
that the Term Loan Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the Required Term Loan Lenders.

"Reserves"
means, as of any date of determination, such amount as the Revolving Agent may from time to time establish in its Permitted Discretion.
The amount of any Reserve established by the Revolving Agent shall have a reasonable relationship, as determined by the Revolving Agent
in its Permitted Discretion, to the event, condition, other circumstance, or fact that is the basis for such Reserve and shall not be
duplicative of any other Reserve established and then maintained or of the Bank Product Reserve Amount.

"Resolution Authority"
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

"Restricted Payment"
means (a) any declaration or payment of any dividend (fixed or otherwise) or the making of any other payment or distribution, directly
or indirectly, on account of Equity Interests (including, without limitation, common or preferred Equity Interests) issued by Comtech
or any of its Subsidiaries (including any payment in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation involving Comtech or any
of its Subsidiaries) or to the direct or indirect holders of Equity Interests (including, without limitation, common or preferred Equity
Interests) issued by Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries in their capacity as such (other than dividends or distributions payable in Qualified
Equity Interests issued by Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries) or (b) any purchase, redemption, making of any sinking fund or similar
payment, or other acquisition or retirement for value (including in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation involving
Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries) of any Equity Interests (including, without limitation, common or preferred Equity Interests) issued
by Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries, (c) any making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants,
options, or other rights to acquire Equity Interests (including, without limitation, common or preferred Equity Interests) of Comtech
or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding, or (d) the making of any management, advisory or consulting fee to any Affiliate
of any Loan Party.

-55-

"Revolver Commitment"
means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, its Revolver Commitment, and, with respect to all Revolving Lenders, their Revolver Commitments,
in each case as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Revolving Lender's name under the applicable heading on Schedule C-1
to this Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Revolving Lender became a Revolving Lender under this Agreement,
as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1
of this Agreement, and as such amounts may be decreased by the amount of reductions in the Revolver Commitments made in accordance with
Section 2.4(c) hereof; provided that, the Revolver Commitment shall be subject to Section 2.3(c) and
the other terms and provisions of this Agreement.

"Revolver Fee Letter"
means that certain Revolver Fee Letter, dated as of even date with this Agreement, among Borrowers and Revolving Agent, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Revolving Agent.

"Revolver Usage"
means, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans.

"Revolving Agent"
has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement.

"Revolving Agent Assignee"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18(d) of this Agreement.

"Revolving Agent's Account"
means the Deposit Account of Revolving Agent identified on Schedule A-2 to this Agreement (or such other Deposit Account of Revolving
Agent that has been designated as such, in writing, by Revolving Agent to Borrowers and the Lenders).

"Revolving Lender"
means a Lender that has Revolving Loan Exposure.

"Revolving Loan Base
Rate Margin" has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"Revolving Loan Exposure"
means, with respect to any Revolving Lender, as of any date of determination (a) prior to the termination of the Revolver Commitments,
the amount of such Lender's Revolver Commitment, and (b) after the termination of the Revolver Commitments, the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of the Revolving Loans of such Lender.

-56-

"Revolving Loan SOFR
Margin" has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"Revolving Loans"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.1(a) of this Agreement.

"Sanctioned Entity"
means (a) a country or territory or a government of a country or territory, (b) an agency of the government of a country or
territory, (c) an organization directly or indirectly controlled by a country or territory or its government, or (d) a Person
resident in or determined to be resident in a country or territory, in each case of clauses (a) through (d) that is a target
of Sanctions, including a target of any country sanctions program administered and enforced by OFAC.

"Sanctioned Person"
means, at any time (a) any Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC, OFAC's
consolidated Non-SDN list, on any list of the federal government of Canada or under the Canadian AML Laws, the Special Economic Measures
Act (Canada) or the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada) as a designated person, or terrorist
group" or any other Sanctions-related list maintained by any Governmental Authority, (b) a Person or legal entity that is a
target of Sanctions, (c) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Entity, or (d) any Person directly or indirectly
owned or controlled (individually or in the aggregate) by or acting on behalf of any such Person or Persons described in clauses (a) through
(c) above.

"Sanctions"
means individually and collectively, respectively, any and all economic sanctions, trade sanctions, financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions,
secondary sanctions, trade embargoes anti-terrorism laws and other sanctions laws, regulations or embargoes, including those imposed,
administered or enforced from time to time by: (a) the United States of America, including those administered by OFAC, the U.S. Department
of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, or through any existing or future executive order, (b) the United Nations Security Council,
(c) the European Union or any European Union member state, (d) His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom, (e) the Canadian
government, or (f) any other Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over any member of Lender Group or any Loan Party or any of
their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

"S&P" has
the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Cash Equivalents.

"SEC" means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and any successor thereto.

"Second Excess Cash
Flow Period" means the period commencing on February 1, 2025 and ending on July 31, 2025.

"Securities Account"
means a securities account (as that term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable).

"Securities Act"
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

-57-

"Settlement"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(e)(i) of this Agreement.

"Settlement Date"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(e)(i) of this Agreement.

"SOFR" means
a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

"SOFR Administrator"
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

"SOFR Deadline"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(b)(i) of this Agreement.

"SOFR Loan"
means each portion of a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause (c) of
the definition of "Base Rate").

"SOFR Margin"
means the Revolving Loan SOFR Margin or the Term Loan SOFR Margin, as applicable.

"SOFR Notice"
means a written notice in the form of Exhibit L-1 to this Agreement.

"SOFR Option"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(a) of this Agreement.

"Solvent" means,
with respect to any Person as of any date of determination, that (a) at fair valuations, the sum of such Person's debts (including
contingent liabilities) is less than all of such Person's assets, (b) such Person is not engaged or about to engage in a business
or transaction for which the remaining assets of such Person are unreasonably small in relation to the business or transaction or for
which the property remaining with such Person is an unreasonably small capital, (c) such Person has not incurred and does not intend
to incur, or reasonably believe that it will incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity
or otherwise), (d) such Person is "solvent" or not "insolvent", as applicable within the meaning given those
terms and similar terms under applicable laws relating to fraudulent transfers and conveyances, and (e) with respect to any Person
incorporated in England and Wales, (i) it is not unable and does not admit its inability to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) it
is not deemed to, or is not declared to, be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, (iii) it has not suspended or threatened
to suspend making payments on any of it debts or (iv) by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, it has not commenced
negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness. For purposes of this definition, the
amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing
at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether
such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5).

"Specified Financial
Covenants" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.3(a) of this Agreement.

-58-

"Specified Financial
Quarter" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.3(a) of this Agreement.

"Specified Loan Party"
means each Loan Party other than a Canadian Loan Party or a US Loan Party.

"Specified Permitted
Dispositions" means sales or other dispositions that the Administrative Borrower has designated as such in writing to Agent and
Revolving Agent and Agent and Revolving Agent have approved of such designation in writing.

"Specified Preferred
Agent" means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Specified Preferred
Lenders, or any other Person appointed by the holders of the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt as administrative agent for purposes
of the Subordinated Debt Documents.

"Specified
Preferred Equity" means the shares of Series B-23
Convertible Preferred Stock of Comtech, par value $0.10 per share, authorized by the Board of Directors of Comtech and initially
issued to the Permitted Holders pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law, including any
additional or exchanged shares issued after the Amendment No. 12
Closing Date that are on the same terms and conditions as the Series B-23
Convertible Preferred Stock of Comtech, par value $0.10 per share, in effect on the Amendment No. 12
Closing Date (or other terms and conditions if the effect thereof could not reasonably be expected to be adverse in any material
respect to the interests of the Lenders) and which do not otherwise breach the terms of the Loan Documents.

"Specified Preferred
Equity COD" has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Preferred Equity Documents.

"Specified
Preferred Equity Documents" means that (a) certain Certificate of Designations with respect to the Series B-23
Convertible Preferred Stock, dated as of the Amendment No. 12
Closing Date (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms therein and herein) (the "Specified Preferred Equity COD"), and (b) that certain Subscription and
Exchange Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 12 Closing Date, by and among
Comtech and the Investors listed on Exhibit B attached thereto.

"Specified Preferred
Lenders" means the lenders from time to time party to the Specified Preferred Subordinated Credit Agreement.

"Specified Preferred
Subordinated Credit Agreement" means that certain Subordinated Credit Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Closing
Date, among Specified Preferred Agent, Specified Preferred Lenders, Comtech and the other Loan Parties party thereto, as the same may
be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof
and hereof and the terms of the Specified Preferred Subordination Agreement,
including as amended by that certain Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Subordinated Credit Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 2
Closing Date.

-59-

"Specified Preferred
Subordinated Debt" means unsecured Indebtedness owing by Comtech and certain of the other Loan Parties to Specified Preferred
Agent and the Specified Preferred Lenders pursuant to the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt Documents.

"Specified Preferred
Subordinated Debt Documents" means the Specified Preferred Subordinated Credit Agreement and any other documents entered in connection
therewith, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
in accordance with the terms thereof and hereof and the terms of the Specified Preferred Subordination Agreement.

"Specified Preferred
Subordination Agreement" means that certain Subordination Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date, among
Agent, the Specified Preferred Lenders and the Loan Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

"Subsidiary"
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity in which that Person directly or indirectly owns
or controls the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, or other entity.

"Supported QFC"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.16 of this Agreement.

"Swap Obligation"
means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes
a "swap" within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

"Tax Act" means
the Income Tax Act (Canada) and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Tax Indemnitee"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 16.1 of this Agreement.

"Tax Lender"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 14.2(a) of this Agreement.

"Taxes" means
any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), fees, assessments or other charges now or
hereafter imposed by any jurisdiction or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, and all interest, additions
to tax, penalties or similar liabilities with respect thereto.

"TCW" means
TCW Asset Management Company LLC.

"Term Loan"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.2(a).

"Term Loan Amount"
means $162,000,000.

-60-

"Term Loan Base Rate
Margin" has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"Term Loan Commitment"
means, with respect to each Lender, its Term Loan Commitment, and, with respect to all Lenders, their Term Loan Commitments, in each case
as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Lender's name under the applicable heading on Schedule C-1 to this Agreement
or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Term Loan Lender under this Agreement, as such amounts may
be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1 of
this Agreement.

"Term Loan Exposure"
means, with respect to any Term Loan Lender, as of any date of determination (a) prior to the funding of the Term Loan, the amount
of such Lender's Commitment, and (b) after the funding of the Term Loan, the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan held by
such Lender.

"Term Loan Lender"
means a Lender that has a Term Loan Commitment or that .has a portion of the Term Loan.

"Term Loan Obligations"
means all Obligations other than (a) with respect to any Revolving Loan (or any portion thereof) and (b) Bank Product Obligations.

"Term Loan Pricing Reset
Trigger Date" means the first date after JanuaryOctober 31,
2025 that Borrowers have delivered to Agent financial statements and related Compliance Certificate in accordance with Section 5.01,
demonstrating Borrowers' compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7 for the most recently ended fiscal
quarter.

"Term Loan SOFR Margin"
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.

"Term SOFR"
means,

(a) for
any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on
the day (such day, the "Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day") that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however,
that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable
tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate
has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term
SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and

-61-

(b) for
any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day,
the "Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day") that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such
day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by
the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term
SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as
such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day;

provided
that if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor.

"Term SOFR Administrator"
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by Agent
in its reasonable discretion).

"Term SOFR Reference
Rate" means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

"Trademark Security
Agreement" has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement.

"TTM EBITDA"
means, as of any date of determination, EBITDA of Comtech, determined on a consolidated basis, for the 12 month period most recently ended.

"UK" and "United
Kingdom" mean the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

"UK Debenture"
means an English law debenture executed by a Loan Party in favor of the Agent.

"UK Financial Institution"
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

"UK Guarantee Limitations"
means the UK Loan Party limitations set out in Section 17.19 of this Agreement.

"UK Loan Party"
means any Loan Party that is incorporated in England and Wales; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Subsidiary of Comtech organized
under the laws of England & Wales shall be deemed to be a Loan Party until such Subsidiary shall have entered into a UK Debenture,
together with such other UK Security Documents, as well as appropriate financing statements, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent (including being sufficient to grant Agent a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in and to the assets of such Subsidiary).

-62-

"UK Resolution Authority"
means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

"UK Share Charge"
means an English law charge over shares, executed by any holding company of a UK Loan Party (except where those shares are charged pursuant
to the UK Debenture) in favor of the Agent.

"UK Security Documents"
means the UK Debenture, the UK Share Charge and any other Loan Document that purports to create a Lien which is governed by English law.

"Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

"Unfinanced Capital
Expenditures" means Capital Expenditures (a) not financed with the proceeds of any incurrence of Indebtedness (other than
the incurrence of any Revolving Loans), the proceeds of any sale or issuance of Equity Interests or equity contributions, the proceeds
of any asset sale (other than the sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of business) or any insurance proceeds, and (b) that are
not reimbursed by a third person (excluding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) in the period such expenditures are made pursuant
to a written agreement.

"United States"
means the United States of America.

"Unused Line Fee"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.10(b) of this Agreement.

"U.S. Government Securities
Business Day" means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association, or any successor thereto, recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for
the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities; provided, that for purposes of notice requirements
in Sections 2.3(a), 2.3(c) and 2.12(b), in each case, such day is also a Business Day.

"U.S. Person"
means a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the IRC.

"U.S. Special Resolution
Regimes" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.16 of this Agreement.

"US Loan Party"
means any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

"Voidable Transfer"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.8 of this Agreement.

-63-

"Wind-Up" means
the ceasing of operations, the completion of all expenses and the liquidation of all or substantially all of the assets of any Person
or any division or business line thereof to the reasonable satisfaction of Agent.

"Wingspire"
means Wingspire Capital LLC.

"Withdrawal Liability"
means liability with respect to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as
such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

"Write-Down and Conversion
Powers" means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution
Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers
are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or
any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations
of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised
under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related
to or ancillary to any of those powers.

1.2. Accounting
Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all accounting and financial terms not specifically defined herein shall
be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided, that if Administrative Borrower notifies Agent
and Revolving Agent that Borrowers request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any Accounting Change occurring
after the Closing Date or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if Agent notifies Administrative Borrower
that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given
before or after such Accounting Change or in the application thereof, then Agent, Revolving Agent, and Borrowers agree that they will
negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that are directly affected by such Accounting Change with the intent
of having the respective positions of the Lenders and Borrowers after such Accounting Change conform as nearly as possible to their respective
positions immediately before such Accounting Change took effect and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon and agreed to by
the Required Lenders, the provisions in this Agreement shall be calculated as if no such Accounting Change had occurred. When used herein,
the term "financial statements" shall include the notes and schedules thereto. Whenever the term "Comtech" is used
in respect of a financial covenant or a related definition, it shall be understood to mean the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on
a consolidated basis, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (a) all
financial statements delivered hereunder shall be prepared, and all financial covenants contained herein shall be calculated, without
giving effect to (i) any election under the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board's Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 825 (or any similar accounting principle) permitting a Person to value its financial liabilities or Indebtedness at the fair value
thereof and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Financial Accounting Standards Board's
Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any similar accounting principle having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness
in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal
amount thereof, (b) notwithstanding any changes in GAAP after the Closing Date, any lease of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or
of a special purpose or other entity not consolidated with the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at the time of its incurrence of such lease,
that would be characterized as an operating lease under GAAP in effect on the Closing Date (whether such lease is entered into before
or after the Closing Date) shall not constitute Indebtedness or a Capitalized Lease Obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including negative covenants, financial covenants and component definitions, as a result of
such changes in GAAP after the Closing Date, and (c) the term "unqualified opinion" as used herein to refer to opinions
or reports provided by accountants shall mean an opinion or report that is (i) unqualified, and (ii) does not include any explanation,
supplemental comment, or other comment concerning the ability of the applicable Person to continue as a going concern or concerning the
scope of the audit.

-64-

1.3. Code;
PPSA. Any terms used in this Agreement that are defined in (a) the Code shall be construed and defined as set forth in the
Code unless otherwise defined herein; provided, that to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein and such term
is defined differently in different Articles of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article 9 of the Code shall govern,
and (b) the PPSA shall be construed and defined as set forth in the PPSA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and where the context so
requires, (i) any term defined in this Agreement by reference to the "Code" or the "Uniform Commercial Code"
shall also have any extended, alternative or analogous meaning given to such term in applicable Canadian personal property security and
other laws (including, without limitation, the Personal Property Security Act of each applicable province of Canada, the Bills
of Exchange Act (Canada) and the Depository Bills and Notes Act (Canada)), in all cases for the extension, preservation or
betterment of the security and rights of the Collateral, (ii) all references in this Agreement to Article 8 shall
be deemed to refer also to applicable Canadian securities transfer laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Transfer Act
of each applicable province of Canada) (the STA), (iii) all references in this Agreement to a financing statement,
continuation statement, amendment or termination statement shall be deemed to refer also to the analogous documents used under applicable
Canadian personal property security laws, (iv) all references to the United States of America, or to any subdivision, department,
agency or instrumentality thereof shall be deemed to refer also to Canada, or to any subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality
thereof, and (v) all references to federal or state securities laws of the United States shall be deemed to refer also to analogous
federal and provincial or territorial securities laws in Canada.

1.4. Construction.
Unless the context of this Agreement or any other Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, references to the plural include the singular,
references to the singular include the plural, the terms "includes" and "including" are not limiting, and the term
"or" has, except where otherwise indicated, the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase "and/or." The words "hereof,"
"herein," "hereby," "hereunder," and similar terms in this Agreement or any other Loan Document refer to
this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as the case may be, as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement or such
other Loan Document, as the case may be. Section, subsection, clause, schedule, and exhibit references herein are to this Agreement unless
otherwise specified. Any reference in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document to any agreement, instrument, or document shall include
all alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals, replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements, thereto
and thereof, as applicable (subject to any restrictions on such alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals,
replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements set forth herein). The words "asset" and "property" shall be
construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties. Any reference
herein or in any other Loan Document to the satisfaction, repayment, or payment in full of the Obligations shall mean (a) the payment
or repayment in full in immediately available funds of (i) the principal amount of, and interest accrued and unpaid with respect
to, all outstanding Loans, together with the payment of any premium applicable to the repayment of the Loans, (ii) all Lender Group
Expenses that have accrued and are unpaid regardless of whether demand has been made therefor, and (iii) all fees or charges that
have accrued hereunder or under any other Loan Document and are unpaid, (b) the receipt by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable,
of cash collateral in order to secure any other contingent Obligations for which a claim or demand for payment has been made on or prior
to such time or in respect of matters or circumstances known to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, or a Lender at such time that
are reasonably expected to result in any loss, cost, damage, or expense (including attorneys' fees and legal expenses), such cash collateral
to be in such amount as Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, reasonably determines is appropriate to secure such contingent Obligations,
(c) the payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds of all other outstanding Obligations (including the payment of
any termination amount then applicable (or which would or could become applicable as a result of the repayment of the other Obligations)
under Hedge Agreements provided by Hedge Providers) other than (i) unasserted contingent indemnification Obligations, (ii) any
Bank Product Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations) that, at such time, are allowed by the applicable Bank Product Provider to remain
outstanding without being required to be repaid or cash collateralized, and (iii) any Hedge Obligations that, at such time, are allowed
by the applicable Hedge Provider to remain outstanding without being required to be repaid, and (d) the termination of all of the
Commitments of the Lenders. Any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns. Any
requirement of a writing contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall be satisfied by the transmission of a Record.

-65-

1.5. Time
References. Unless the context of this Agreement or any other Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, all references to time
of day refer to Eastern standard time or Eastern daylight saving time, as in effect in New York, New York on such day. For purposes of
the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, unless otherwise expressly provided, the word "from"
means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each means "to and including"; provided,
that with respect to a computation of fees or interest payable to Agent or any Lender, such period shall in any event consist of at least
one full day. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or
performance required on (or before) a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment or performance shall extend to the immediately
succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be; provided that
the foregoing sentence shall not apply to any payment or performance that expressly provides for otherwise.

1.6. Schedules
and Exhibits. All of the schedules and exhibits attached to this Agreement shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference.

1.7. Divisions.
For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event
under a different jurisdiction's laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right,
obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent
Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date
of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

1.8. Rates.
Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of,
administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark,
any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement
rate thereto (including any then-current Benchmark or any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics
of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant
to Section 2.12(d)(iii), will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume
or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the
effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions
that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any
Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to a Borrower. Agent may select information
sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, any component
definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have
no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special,
punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or
in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

-66-

1.9. Quebec
Interpretation. For purposes of interpretation of this Agreement and for purposes of any Collateral located in the Province of
Qubec or charged by any deed of hypothec (or any other Loan Document) and for all other purposes pursuant to which the interpretation
or construction of a Loan Document may be subject to the laws of the Province of Qubec or a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction
in the Province of Quebec, (a) "personal property" shall be deemed to include "movable property", (b) "real
property" shall be deemed to include "immovable property", (c) "tangible property" shall be deemed to include
"corporeal property", (d) "intangible property" shall be deemed to include "incorporeal property",
(e) "security interest", "mortgage" and "lien" shall be deemed to include a "hypothec", "prior
claim" and a "resolutory clause", (f) all references to filing, registering or recording under the UCC or PPSA shall
be deemed to include publication by registration under the Civil Code of Quebec, (g) all references to "perfection" of
or "perfected" Liens shall be deemed to include a reference to an "opposable" or "set up" Liens as against
third parties, (h) any "right of offset", "right of setoff" or similar expression shall be deemed to include
a "right of compensation", (i) "goods" shall be deemed to include "corporeal movable property" other
than chattel paper, documents of title, instruments, money and securities, (j) an "agent" shall be deemed to include a
"mandatary", (k) "foreclosure" shall be deemed to include the "exercise of a hypothecary right", (l) "lease"
shall be deemed to include a "lease" or a "contract of leasing (crdit-bail) ", as applicable, (m) "deposit
account" shall be deemed to include a "financial account" (within the meaning of Article 2713.6 of the Civil Code
of Quebec), (n) "construction liens" shall be deemed to include "legal hypothecs", (o) "joint
and several" shall be deemed to include "solidary" and "jointly and severally" shall be deemed to include "solidarily",
(p) "gross negligence or willful misconduct" shall be deemed to be "intentional or gross fault", (q) "beneficial
ownership" shall be deemed to include "ownership", (r) "easement" shall be deemed to include "servitude",
(s) "priority" shall be deemed to include "prior claim" or "rank", as applicable, (t) "legal
title" shall be deemed to include "holding title on behalf of an owner as mandatary or prte-nom", (u) "survey"
shall be deemed to include "certificate of location and plan", (v) "fee simple title" and "fee title"
shall be deemed to include "right of ownership", (w) "accounts" shall be deemed to include "claims"
(including "monetary claims"), (x) "leasehold interest" shall be deemed to include "valid rights resulting
from a lease", and (y) "guarantee" or "guaranty" and "guarantor" shall include "suretyship"
and "surety". The parties hereto confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement and any other document executed in connection
with the transactions contemplated herein be drawn up in the English language only (except if another language is required under any applicable
Law) and that all other documents contemplated thereunder or relating thereto, including notices, may also be drawn up in the English
language only. Each party hereto hereby confirms that it was represented by legal counsel and has had the opportunity to negotiate the
terms of this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, including the essential stipulations thereof, with the assistance of its legal counsel.
Les parties aux prsentes confirment que cest leur volont que cette convention et les autres documents de crdit
soient rdigs en langue anglaise seulement et que tous les documents, y compris tous avis, envisags par cette convention
et les autres documents peuvent tre rdigs en langue anglaise seulement (sauf si une autre langue est requise en
vertu dune loi applicable). Chaque partie aux prsentes confirme quelle a t reprsente
par des conseillers juridiques et a eu lopportunit de ngocier les termes de cette convention et des autres documents
de crdit, y compris leurs stipulations essentielles, avec laide de ses conseillers juridiques.

-67-

2. LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT.

2.1. Revolving
Loans.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 2.3(c) and Section 3.2),
and during the term of this Agreement, each Revolving Lender agrees (severally, not jointly or jointly and severally) to make revolving
loans ("Revolving Loans") to Borrowers in an amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the lesser of:

(i) such
Lender's Revolver Commitment, or

(ii) such
Lender's Pro Rata Share of an amount equal to the lesser of:

(A) the
amount equal to the Maximum Revolver Amount minus the Amendment No. 1 Availability Block Amount, and

-68-

(B) the
amount equal to the Borrowing Base as of such date (based upon the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by Borrowers to Agent
and Revolving Agent)

; provided that, the aggregate principal
amount of Revolving Loans advanced on the Closing Date shall not exceed $25,000,000; provided, further, that following the Amendment No. 1
Closing Date, the Maximum Revolver Amount shall be subject to the Amendment No. 1 Availability Block Amount.

(b) Amounts
borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.1 may be repaid and, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, reborrowed
at any time during the term of this Agreement. The outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans, together with interest and fees
accrued and unpaid thereon, shall constitute Obligations and shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date
on which they otherwise become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

2.2. Term
Loan.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Closing Date each Lender with a Term Loan Commitment agrees (severally, not jointly
or jointly and severally) to make term loans (collectively, the "Term Loan") to Borrowers in an amount equal to the lesser
of (i) such Lender's Term Loan Commitment, and (ii) such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the Term Loan Amount.

(b) The
principal of the Term Loan shall be repaid (i) on July 31, 2025, in an amount equal to $4,050,000, and (ii) on the last
Business Day of each fiscal quarter thereafter, in an amount equal to $1,012,500. The outstanding unpaid principal balance and all accrued
and unpaid interest on the Term Loan shall be due and payable on the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date, and (ii) the date on
which the Term Loan otherwise becomes due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Any principal amount of the Term Loan that
is repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. All principal of, interest on, and other amounts payable in respect of the Term Loan shall
constitute Obligations hereunder.

-69-

2.3. Borrowing
Procedures and Settlements.

(a) Procedure
for Borrowing. The Borrowing of the Term Loan and each Borrowing of a Revolving Loan shall be made by a delivery of a Notice
of Borrowing from an Authorized Person delivered to Revolving Agent (with a copy to Agent) and received by Revolving Agent and Agent no
later than 2:00 p.m. (i) in the case of a request for a Base Rate Loan, on the Business Day that is one Business Day prior to
the requested Funding Date (or with respect to a Borrowing of any Revolving Loan, such shorter period of time as Revolving Agent is willing
to accommodate from time to time) and (ii) in the case of a request for a SOFR Loan, on the Business Day that is three (3) Business
Days prior to the requested Funding Date (or with respect to a Borrowing of any Revolving Loan, such shorter period of time as Revolving
Agent is willing to accommodate from time to time), specifying (A) whether such Loan is a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan, (B) the
amount of such Borrowing, (C) the requested Funding Date (which shall be a Business Day), and (D) Administrative Borrower's
wiring instructions; provided, that Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, may, in its sole discretion, elect to accept as timely
requests that are received later than 2:00 p.m. on the applicable Business Day. Agent, Revolving Agent and Lenders may act without
liability upon the basis of written notice believed by Agent, Revolving Agent and Lenders in good faith to be from an Authorized Person.
Agent, Revolving Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any Authorized Person's
authority to request a Loan on behalf of Borrowers in accordance with the terms herein until Agent and Revolving Agent each receives written
notice to the contrary. Agent, Revolving Agent and Lenders shall have no duty to verify the authenticity
of the signature appearing on any written Notice of Borrowing. Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and Borrowers shall
be bound to make a borrowing in accordance therewith; provided that a Notice of Borrowing delivered by Borrowers may state that
such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of a specified event (including a Permitted Acquisition), in which case such notice
may be revoked by the Borrowers (by notice to Revolving Agent (with a copy to Agent) on or prior to the specified event date) if such
condition is not satisfied. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that Agent, Revolving Agent and the Revolving Lenders shall only
be required to make Revolving Loans one time each week.

(b) [Reserved].

(c)Making
of Revolving Loans.

(i) After
receipt of a Notice of Borrowing with respect to Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.3(a), Revolving Agent shall promptly
notify Agent and the Revolving Lenders by telecopy, telephone, email, or other electronic form of transmission, of the requested Borrowing;
such notification to be sent on the Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable, promptly upon receipt by Revolving
Agent of a Notice of Borrowing. If Revolving Agent has notified the Revolving Lenders of a requested Borrowing of Revolving Loans, then
each Revolving Lender shall make the amount of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the requested Borrowing available to Revolving Agent in
immediately available funds, to Revolving Agent's Account, on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date. After Revolving Agent's
receipt of the proceeds of such Revolving Loans from the Revolving Lenders, Revolving Agent shall make the proceeds thereof available
to Borrowers on the applicable Funding Date by transferring immediately available funds equal to such proceeds received by Revolving Agent
to the Designated Account; provided, that no Revolving Lender shall have an obligation to make any Revolving Loan (A) if one
or more of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 will not be satisfied on the requested Funding Date
for the applicable Borrowing (unless such condition has been waived in writing by Revolving Lenders and Administrative Borrower has received
a written consent from Agent to such waiver), (B) the requested Borrowing will exceed the Availability on such Funding Date, or (C) the
requested Borrowing would cause Revolver Usage to exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount minus the Amendment No. 1 Availability
Block Amount.

-70-

(ii) Unless
Revolving Agent receives notice from a Revolving Lender prior to the making of any requested Revolving Loans that such Lender will not
make available as and when required hereunder to Revolving Agent for the account of Borrowers the amount of that Lender's Pro Rata Share
of the Borrowing, Revolving Agent may assume that each Revolving Lender has made or will make such amount available to Revolving Agent
in immediately available funds on the Funding Date and Revolving Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption,
make available to Borrowers a corresponding amount. If, on the requested Funding Date, any Revolving Lender shall not have remitted the
full amount that it is required to make available to Revolving Agent in immediately available funds and if Revolving Agent has made available
to Borrowers such amount on the requested Funding Date, then such Lender shall make the amount of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the
requested Borrowing available to Revolving Agent in immediately available funds, to Revolving Agent's Account, no later than 10:00 a.m. on
the Business Day that is the first Business Day after the requested Funding Date (in which case, the interest accrued on such Lender's
portion of such Borrowing for the Funding Date shall be for Revolving Agent's separate account). A notice submitted by Revolving Agent
to any Revolving Lender with respect to amounts owing under this Section 2.3(c)(ii) shall be conclusive, absent manifest
error. If the amount that a Revolving Lender is required to remit is made available to Revolving Agent, then such payment to Revolving
Agent shall constitute such Lender's Revolving Loan for all purposes of this Agreement. If such amount is not made available to Revolving
Agent on the Business Day following the Funding Date, Revolving Agent will notify Administrative Borrower of such failure to fund and,
upon demand by Revolving Agent, Borrowers shall pay such amount to Revolving Agent for Revolving Agent's account, together with interest
thereon for each day elapsed since the date of such Borrowing, at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate applicable at the time to
the Revolving Loans composing such Borrowing.

(d) Protective
Advances.

(i) Any
contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document notwithstanding, at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance
of a Default or an Event of Default, Agent hereby is authorized by Borrowers and the Lenders, from time to time, in Agent's sole discretion,
to make Loans to, or for the benefit of, Borrowers, on behalf of the Lenders, that Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary
or desirable (1) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, or (2) to enhance the likelihood of repayment
of the Obligations (the Loans described in this Section 2.3(d)(i) shall be referred to as "Protective Advances").

(ii) [Reserved].

(iii) Each
Protective Advance shall be deemed to be a Loan hereunder, except that no Protective Advance shall be eligible to be a SOFR Loan. Prior
to Settlement of any Protective Advance, all payments with respect thereto, including interest thereon, shall be payable to Agent solely
for its own account. Each Lender shall be obligated to settle with Agent as provided in Section 2.3(e) (or Section 2.3(g),
as applicable) for the amount of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of any Protective Advance. The Protective Advances shall be repayable on
demand, secured by Agent's Liens, constitute Obligations hereunder, and bear interest at the rate applicable from time to time to the
Term Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate.

(iv) The
provisions of this Section 2.3(d) are for the exclusive benefit of Agent and the Lenders and are not intended to benefit
Borrowers (or any other Loan Party) in any way.

-71-

(e) Settlement.
It is agreed that each Lender's funded portion of the Loans (including Protective Advances) is intended by the Lenders to equal, at all
times, such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Loans. Such agreement notwithstanding, Agent, Revolving Agent and the other Lenders
agree (which agreement shall not be for the benefit of Borrowers) that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents, settlement among the Lenders as to the Loans (including Protective Advances) shall take place on a periodic
basis in accordance with the following provisions:

(i) Agent
(solely with respect to the Term Loan and Protective Advances) and Revolving Agent (solely with respect to Revolving Loans) shall request
settlement ("Settlement") with the Lenders with a frequency determined by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, in
its sole discretion (1) for itself, with respect to the applicable outstanding Loans (including Protective Advances) and (2) with
respect to any Loan Party's or any of their Subsidiaries' payments or other amounts received, as to each by notifying the applicable Lenders
by telecopy, telephone, or other similar form of transmission, of such requested Settlement, no later than 5:00 p.m. on the Business
Day immediately prior to the date of such requested Settlement (the date of such requested Settlement being the "Settlement Date").
Such notice of a Settlement Date shall include a summary statement of the amount of outstanding applicable Loans (including Protective
Advances) for the period since the prior Settlement Date. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein (including Section 2.3(g)):
(y) if the amount of the applicable Loans (including Protective Advances) made by a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender exceeds
such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the applicable Loans (including Protective Advances) as of a Settlement Date, then Agent or Revolving
Agent, as applicable, shall, by no later than 3:00 p.m. on the Settlement Date, transfer in immediately available funds to a Deposit
Account of such Lender (as such Lender may designate), an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon receipt of such amount, have as
of the Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the applicable Loans (including Protective Advances), and (z) if the amount of the
applicable Loans (including Protective Advances) made by a Lender is less than such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the applicable Loans (including
Protective Advances) as of a Settlement Date, such Lender shall no later than 3:00 p.m. on the Settlement Date transfer in immediately
available funds to Agent's Account or Revolving Agent's Account, as applicable, an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon transfer
of such amount, have as of the Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the applicable Loans (including Protective Advances). Such amounts
made available to Agent under clause (z) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be applied against the amounts of Protective
Advances made by Agent and shall constitute Loans of such Lenders. If any such amount is not made available to Agent or Revolving Agent,
as applicable, by any Lender on the Settlement Date applicable thereto to the extent required by the terms hereof, Agent or Revolving
Agent, as applicable, shall be entitled to recover for its account such amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon
at the Defaulting Lender Rate.

(ii) In
determining whether a Lender's balance of the Loans (including Protective Advances) is less than, equal to, or greater than such Lender's
Pro Rata Share of the Loans (including Protective Advances) as of a Settlement Date, Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, shall,
as part of the relevant Settlement, apply to such balance the portion of payments actually received in good funds by Agent or Revolving
Agent, as applicable, with respect to principal, interest, fees payable by Borrowers and allocable to the Lenders hereunder, and proceeds
of Collateral.

-72-

(iii) Between
Settlement Dates, Agent, to the extent Protective Advances are outstanding, may pay over to Agent any payments or other amounts received
by Agent, that in accordance with the terms of this Agreement would be applied to the reduction of the Loans, for application to the Protective
Advances. During the period between Settlement Dates, Agent with respect to Protective Advances, and each Lender with respect to the Loans
other than Protective Advances, shall be entitled to interest at the applicable rate or rates payable under this Agreement on the daily
amount of funds employed by Agent, or the Lenders, as applicable.

(iv) Anything
in this Section 2.3(e) to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Agent shall
be entitled to refrain from remitting settlement amounts to the Defaulting Lender and, instead, shall be entitled to elect to implement
the provisions set forth in Section 2.3(g).

(f) Notation.
Consistent with Section 13.1(h), (i) Agent, as a non-fiduciary agent for Borrowers, shall maintain a register showing
the principal amount and stated interest of the Term Loan owing to each Term Loan Lender and the Protective Advances owing to Agent, and
the interests therein of each Lender, from time to time and such register shall, absent manifest error, conclusively be presumed to be
correct and accurate, and (ii) Revolving Agent, as a non-fiduciary agent for Borrowers, shall maintain a register showing the principal
amount and stated interest of the Revolving Loans owing to each Revolving Lender, from time to time and such register shall, absent manifest
error, conclusively be presumed to be correct and accurate.

-73-

(g) Defaulting
Lenders. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.4(b)(iii), neither Agent nor Revolving Agent shall be obligated
to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any payments made by Borrowers to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, for the Defaulting Lender's
benefit or any proceeds of Collateral that would otherwise be remitted hereunder to the Defaulting Lender, and, in the absence of such
transfer to the Defaulting Lender, Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, shall transfer any such payments (A) first, to Agent
to the extent of any Protective Advances that were made by Agent and that were required to be, but were not, paid by Defaulting Lender,
(B) second, to each Non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Commitments (but, in each case, only to the extent that
such Defaulting Lender's portion of a Loan (or other funding obligation) was funded by such other Non-Defaulting Lender), (C) third,
in Agent's or Revolving Agent's, as applicable, sole discretion, to a suspense account maintained by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable,
the proceeds of which shall be retained by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, and (D) fourth, from and after the date on which
all other Obligations have been paid in full, to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with tier (K) of Section 2.4(b)(iii).
Solely for the purposes of voting or consenting to matters with respect to the Loan Documents (including the calculation of Pro Rata Share
in connection therewith) and for the purpose of calculating the fee payable under Section 2.10(b), such Defaulting Lender
shall be deemed not to be a "Lender" and such Lender's Commitment shall be deemed to be zero; provided, that the foregoing
shall not apply to any of the matters governed by Section 14.1(a)(i) through (iii). The provisions of this Section 2.3(g) shall
remain effective with respect to such Defaulting Lender until the earlier of (y) the date on which all of the Non-Defaulting Lenders,
Agent and Borrowers shall have waived, in writing, the application of this Section 2.3(g) to such Defaulting Lender,
or (z) the date on which such Defaulting Lender makes payment of all amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder, pays to Agent
or Revolving Agent, as applicable, all amounts owing by Defaulting Lender in respect of the amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder,
and, if requested by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, provides adequate assurance of its ability to perform its future obligations
hereunder (on which earlier date, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any remaining cash collateral held by
Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, pursuant to Section 2.3(g)(ii) shall be released to Borrowers). The operation
of this Section 2.3(g) shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitment of any Lender, to relieve
or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to relieve or excuse
the performance by any Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to Agent or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender.
Any failure by a Defaulting Lender to fund amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder shall constitute a material breach by such
Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle Borrowers, at their option, upon written notice to Agent or Revolving Agent, as
applicable, to arrange for a substitute Lender to assume the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender, such substitute Lender to be reasonably
acceptable to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable. In connection with the arrangement of such a substitute Lender, the Defaulting
Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder, and agrees to execute and deliver a completed form of Assignment and Acceptance
in favor of the substitute Lender (and agrees that it shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such document if it fails to do so)
subject only to being paid its share of the outstanding Obligations (other than Bank Product Obligations, but including all interest,
fees, and other amounts that may be due and payable in respect thereof); provided, that any such assumption of the Commitment of
such Defaulting Lender shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any of the Lender Groups' or Borrowers' rights or remedies against
any such Defaulting Lender arising out of or in relation to such failure to fund. In the event of a direct conflict between the priority
provisions of this Section 2.3(g) and any other provision contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it
is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert
with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of
this Section 2.3(g) shall control and govern.

-74-

(h) Independent
Obligations. All Loans (other than Protective Advances) shall be made by the Lenders contemporaneously and in accordance with their
Pro Rata Shares. It is understood that (i) no Lender shall be responsible for any failure by any other Lender to perform its obligation
to make any Loan (or other extension of credit) hereunder, nor shall any Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result
of any failure by any other Lender to perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) no failure by any Lender to perform its obligations
hereunder shall excuse any other Lender from its obligations hereunder.

2.4. Payments;
Reductions of Commitments; Prepayments.

(a) Payments
by Borrowers.

(i) Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, (x) all payments by Borrowers relating to the Term Loan or Protective Advances (including,
in each case, interests therein) or fees and expenses owing to Agent or any Term Loan Lender shall be made to Agent's Account and (y) all
payments by Borrowers relating to Revolving Loans (including interests therein) or fees and expenses owing to Revolving Agent or any Revolving
Lender shall be made to Revolving Agents Account, and, in each case, shall be made in immediately available funds, no later than
1:30 p.m. on the date specified herein; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any payments deposited into a Controlled
Account (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement) shall be deemed not to be received by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable,
on any Business Day unless immediately available funds have been credited to Agent's Account or Revolving Agents Account, as applicable,
prior to 1:30 p.m. on such Business Day. Any payment received by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, in immediately available
funds in Agent's Account or Revolving Agents Account, as applicable, later than 1:30 p.m. may be deemed to have been received
(unless Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, in its sole discretion, elects to credit it on the date received) on the following Business
Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue until such following Business Day.

-75-

(ii) Unless
Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, receives written notice from Borrowers prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders
that Borrowers will not make such payment in full as and when required, Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, may assume that Borrowers
have made (or will make) such payment in full to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, on such date in immediately available funds
and Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to each
Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent Borrowers do not make such payment in
full to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, on the date when due, each Lender severally shall repay to Agent or Revolving Agent,
as applicable, on demand such amount distributed to such Lender, together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate for each
day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date repaid.

(b) Apportionment
and Application.

(i) So
long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting Lenders,
all principal and interest payments received by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, shall be apportioned ratably among the Lenders
(according to the unpaid principal balance of the Obligations to which such payments relate held by each Lender) and all payments of fees
and expenses received by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, (other than fees or expenses that are for Agent's or Revolving Agents,
as applicable, separate account) shall be apportioned ratably among the Lenders having a Pro Rata Share of the type of Commitment or Obligation
to which a particular fee or expense relates.

(ii) Subject
to Section 2.4(b)(v), Section 2.4(d)(ii) and Section 2.4(e), all payments to be made hereunder
by Borrowers shall be remitted to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, and all such payments, and all proceeds of Collateral received
by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, shall be applied, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except
as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting Lenders, to reduce the balance of the Loans outstanding (including fees, interest
and principal) and, thereafter, to Borrowers (to be wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto under applicable
law.

-76-

(iii) At
any time that an Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting Lenders,
all payments remitted to Agent and Revolving Agent and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent shall be applied as follows:

(A) first,
to pay any Lender Group Expenses (including cost or expense reimbursements) or indemnities then due to Agent and Revolving Agent under
the Loan Documents, until paid in full,

(B) second,
to pay any fees or premiums then due to Agent and Revolving Agent under the Loan Documents, until paid in full,

(C) third,
to pay interest and principal on Protective Advances that are held solely by Agent,

(D) fourth,
to pay all remaining interest due in respect of all Protective Advances, until paid in full,

(E) fifth,
to pay all remaining principal of all Protective Advances, until paid in full,

(F) sixth,
ratably, to pay any Lender Group Expenses (including cost or expense reimbursements) or indemnities then due to any of the Lenders under
the Loan Documents, until paid in full,

(G) seventh,
ratably, to pay any fees or premiums then due to any of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, until paid in full,

(H) eighth,
ratably, to pay interest accrued in respect of the Revolving Loans and the Term Loan, until paid in full,

(I) ninth,
ratably

i. ratably,
to pay the principal of all Revolving Loans and the Term Loan, until paid in full, and

-77-

ii. ratably,
up to the lesser of (y) the amount (after taking into account any amounts previously paid pursuant to this clause (ii) during
the continuation of the applicable Application Event) of the most recently established Bank Product Reserve Amount, which amount was established
prior to the occurrence of, and not in contemplation of, the subject Application Event, and (z) $2,000,000 (after taking into account
any amounts previously paid pursuant to this clause iii. during the continuation of the applicable Application Event), to (I) the
Bank Product Providers based upon amounts then certified by each applicable Bank Product Provider to Agent (in form and substance satisfactory
to Agent) to be due and payable to such Bank Product Provider on account of Bank Product Obligations (but not in excess of the Bank Product
Reserve Amount established for the Bank Product Obligations of such Bank Product Provider), and (II) with any balance to be paid
to Agent, to be held by Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Bank Product Providers, as cash collateral (which cash collateral may be
released by Agent to the applicable Bank Product Provider and applied by such Bank Product Provider to the payment or reimbursement of
any amounts due and payable with respect to Bank Product Obligations owed to the applicable Bank Product Provider as and when such amounts
first become due and payable and, if and at such time as all such Bank Product Obligations are paid or otherwise satisfied in full, the
cash collateral held by Agent in respect of such Bank Product Obligations shall be reapplied pursuant to this Section 2.4(b)(iii),
beginning with tier (A) hereof,

(J) tenth,
to pay any other Obligations other than Obligations owed to Defaulting Lenders (including being paid, ratably, to the Bank Product Providers
on account of all amounts then due and payable in respect of Bank Product Obligations, with any balance to be paid to Agent, to be held
by Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Bank Product Providers, as cash collateral (which cash collateral may be released by Agent to
the applicable Bank Product Provider and applied by such Bank Product Provider to the payment or reimbursement of any amounts due and
payable with respect to Bank Product Obligations owed to the applicable Bank Product Provider as and when such amounts first become due
and payable and, if and at such time as all such Bank Product Obligations are paid or otherwise satisfied in full, the cash collateral
held by Agent in respect of such Bank Product Obligations shall be reapplied pursuant to this Section 2.4(b)(iii), beginning
with tier (A) hereof),

(K) eleventh,
ratably to pay any Obligations owed to Defaulting Lenders; and

(L) twelfth,
to Borrowers (to be wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto under applicable law.

(iv) Agent
promptly shall distribute to each Lender, pursuant to the applicable wire instructions received from each Lender in writing, such funds
as it may be entitled to receive, subject to a Settlement delay as provided in Section 2.3(e).

(v) In
each instance, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing, Section 2.4(b)(ii) shall not apply to
any payment made by Borrowers to Agent and specified by Borrowers to be for the payment of specific Obligations then due and payable (or
prepayable) under any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(vi) For
purposes of Section 2.4(b)(iii), "paid in full" of a type of Obligation means payment in cash or immediately available
funds of all amounts owing on account of such type of Obligation, including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency
Proceeding, default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, irrespective of whether any of the foregoing would be
or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding.

(vii) In
the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 2.4 and any other provision contained in this
Agreement, the Agreement Among Lenders or any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read
together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict
that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, if the conflict relates to the provisions of Section 2.3(g) and this Section 2.4,
then the provisions of Section 2.3(g) shall control and govern, and if otherwise, then the terms and provisions of this
Section 2.4 shall control and govern other than with respect to application of payments and proceeds of Collateral and any
other matters among Agent, Revolving Agent and Lenders, in which case, the Agreement Among Lenders shall control and govern.

-78-

(c) Reduction
of Commitments.

(i) Revolver
Commitments. The Revolver Commitments shall terminate in full on the Maturity Date or earlier termination thereof pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement. Subject to the Revolver Fee Letter, Borrowers may voluntarily reduce the Revolver Commitments to an amount not
less than the sum of (A) the Revolver Usage as of such date (giving effect to any Revolving Loans that are proposed to be contemporaneously
prepaid with the proposed reduction on such day), plus (B) the principal amount of all Revolving Loans not yet made
as to which a Notice of Borrowing has been delivered by Borrowers under Section 2.3(a). Each such voluntary reduction shall
be in an amount which is not less than $5,000,000 (unless the Revolver Commitments are being reduced to zero), shall be made by providing
not less than three (3) Business Days prior written notice to Revolving Agent (with a copy to Agent) (or such later date as permitted
by Revolving Agent in its sole discretion), and shall be irrevocable. The Revolver Commitments, once reduced, may not be increased. Each
such reduction of the Revolver Commitments shall reduce the Revolver Commitments of each Lender proportionately in accordance with its
ratable share thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or otherwise and subject to the Revolver Fee Letter,
on any date, if (A) the Term Loan is prepaid in connection with an optional prepayment or a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(iii),
the Maximum Revolver Amount (and corresponding Revolver Commitments) shall be permanently reduced by an amount equal to the Pro Rata Commitment
Reduction Amount, or (B) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan on such date is (or after giving effect to
any contemplated payment, will be) less than the Maximum Revolver Amount on such date, the Maximum Revolver Amount (and corresponding
Revolver Commitments) shall be permanently reduced to the then outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan, and in each case, Borrowers
shall make any prepayment of Revolving Loans required by this Agreement as a result of such reduction.

(ii) Term
Loan Commitments. The Term Loan Commitments shall terminate upon the making of the Term Loan on the Closing Date.

(d) Optional
Prepayments.

(i) Revolving
Loans. Subject to the Revolver Fee Letter, Borrowers may prepay the principal of any Revolving Loan at any time in whole or in part.

(ii) Term
Loan. Subject to the Fee Letter, Borrowers may, upon at least three (3) Business Days prior written notice to Agent (or such
later date as permitted by Agent in its sole discretion), prepay the principal of the Term Loan, in whole or in part. Each prepayment
made pursuant to this Section 2.4(d)(ii) shall be accompanied by the payment of accrued interest to the date of such
payment on the amount prepaid. Each such optional prepayment shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal due on the
Term Loan in the direct order of maturity (for the avoidance of doubt, any amount that is due and payable on the Maturity Date shall constitute
an installment).

-79-

(e) Mandatory
Prepayments.

(i) Borrowing
Base; Maximum Revolver Amount. If, at any time, (A) the Revolver Usage on such date exceeds (B) the lesser of (x) the
Borrowing Base reflected in the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered by Borrowers to Agent, as adjusted for Reserves established
by Revolving Agent, or (y) the Maximum Revolver Amount less the Amendment No. 1 Availability Block Amount, then Borrowers shall
promptly, but in any event, within one (1) Business Day, prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(i) in
an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such excess.

(ii) Available
Cash Sweep. If, at any time, Available Cash exceeds $55,000,000, then Borrowers shall promptly, but in any event, within three (3) Business
Days, prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(i) in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of (x) the
amount of such excess and (y) the maximum amount that would not cause the Revolver Usage on such date after giving effect
to such prepayment to be less than $15,000,000.

(iii) Dispositions.
Subject to the Fee Letter and the Revolver Fee Letter, within one (1) Business Day of the date of receipt by any Loan Party or any
of its Subsidiaries of the Net Cash Proceeds of any voluntary or involuntary sale or disposition of assets of any Loan Party or any of
its Subsidiaries (including Net Cash Proceeds of insurance or arising from casualty losses or condemnations and payments in lieu thereof,
but excluding Net Cash Proceeds from sales or dispositions which qualify as Permitted Dispositions under clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e),
(f), to the extent any such Disposition is consistent with past practice (i), (j), (k), (l), (m), (n), or (o) of the definition of
Permitted Dispositions), Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) in
an amount equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such sales or dispositions; provided,
that so long as (A) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (B) Borrowers
shall have given Agent prior written notice of Borrowers' intention to apply such monies to the costs of replacement of the properties
or assets that are the subject of such sale or disposition or the cost of purchase or construction of other assets useful in the business
of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (C) the monies are held in a Deposit Account in which Revolving Agent (in its capacity as
sub-agent of Agent) has a perfected first-priority security interest, and (D) such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, as applicable, completes
such replacement, purchase, or construction within 180 days after the initial receipt of such monies, then the Loan Party or such Loan
Party's Subsidiary whose assets were the subject of such disposition shall have the option to apply such monies to the costs of replacement
of the assets that are the subject of such sale or disposition unless and to the extent that such applicable period shall have expired
without such replacement, purchase, or construction being made or completed, in which case, any amounts remaining in the Deposit Account
referred to in clause (C) above shall be paid to Agent and applied in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii); provided,
that (1) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall have the right to use such Net Cash Proceeds (other than Net Cash Proceeds
of insurance or arising from casualty losses or condemnations and payments in lieu thereof) to make such replacements, purchases, or construction
in excess of $5,000,000 in any given fiscal year, and (2) the Net Cash Proceeds from sales or dispositions under clause (r) of
the definition of Permitted Dispositions may not be used to make such replacements, purchases or constructions. Nothing contained in this
Section 2.4(e)(iii) shall permit any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to sell or otherwise dispose of any assets
other than in accordance with Section 6.4.

-80-

(iv) Extraordinary
Receipts. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, within one (1) Business Day of the date of receipt by any Loan
Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Extraordinary Receipts, Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations
in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) in an amount equal to 100% of such Extraordinary Receipts, net of any reasonable
expenses incurred in collecting such Extraordinary Receipts.

(v) Indebtedness.
Subject to the Fee Letter, within one Business Day of the date of incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness
(other than Permitted Indebtedness), Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) in
an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such incurrence. The provisions of this Section 2.4(e)(v) shall
not be deemed to be implied consent to any such incurrence otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement.

(vi) Curative
Equity. Within one Business Day of the date of receipt by any Loan Party of the proceeds of any Curative Equity pursuant to Section 9.3,
Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) in an amount
equal to 100% of such proceeds.

(vii) Excess
Cash Flow. For each Excess Cash Flow Period during the term of this Agreement, within 10 days of delivery to Agent of audited annual
financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1 (or (x) with respect to the First Excess Cash Flow Period, the financial
statements for the fiscal quarter ending January 31, 2025 delivered pursuant to Section 5.1, and (y) with respect
to the Second Excess Cash Flow Period, the financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending July 31, 2025 delivered pursuant to
Section 5.1), or, if such financial statements are not delivered to Agent on the date such statements are required to be delivered
pursuant to Section 5.1, within 10 days after the date such statements were required to be delivered to Agent pursuant to
Section 5.1, (the "Excess Cash Flow Due Date"), Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of
the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) in an amount equal to (1) the Excess Cash Flow Sweep Percentage
of the Excess Cash Flow of Comtech and its Subsidiaries for such Excess Cash Flow Period, minus (2) the aggregate amount of all voluntary
prepayments in respect of the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan made by Borrowers during such Excess Cash Flow Period; provided,
that any Excess Cash Flow payment made pursuant to this Section 2.4(e)(vii) shall exclude the portion of Excess Cash
Flow that is attributable to the target of a Permitted Acquisition and that accrued prior to the closing date of such Permitted Acquisition.

(viii) Limitation.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.4(e) to the contrary, to the extent that any or all of the Net
Cash Proceeds received by a Foreign Subsidiary that would otherwise be required to be applied as a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(iii) or
(iv) or Excess Cash Flow attributable to a Foreign Subsidiary that would otherwise be required to be applied as a prepayment
pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(vii), but is prohibited, restricted or delayed by applicable local law from being repatriated to
the United States, or to the extent that any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds received by a Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Designated
Foreign Guarantor) that would otherwise be required to be applied as a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(iii) or (iv) or
Excess Cash Flow attributable to a Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Designated Foreign Guarantor) that would otherwise be required to
be applied as a prepayment obligation pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(vii) could have a material adverse tax consequence (in
each case, as determined in good faith by the Borrower and including as the result of the repatriation thereof), an amount equal to the
portion of such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay the Loans at the times provided
in this Section 2.4(e) until such time, in the reasonable opinion of the Borrowers, as such prohibition, restriction,
delay or tax consequence no longer applies.

-81-

(f) Application
of Payments.

(i) Each
prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(i) or 2.4(e)(ii) shall, (1) so long as no Application Event shall
have occurred and be continuing, be applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans until paid in full, and (2) if
an Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied in the manner set forth in Section 2.4(b)(iii).

(ii) Administrative
Borrower shall provide not less than one Business Day prior written notice to Agent no later than 3:00 p.m. on such day of
any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(iii), 2.4(e)(iv), 2.4(e)(v), 2.4(e)(vi), or 2.4(e)(vii) and
each such prepayment shall (A) so long as no Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied to the outstanding
principal amount of the Term Loan until paid in full, and (B) if an Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied
in the manner set forth in Section 2.4(b)(iii). Each such prepayment of the Term Loan shall be applied pro rata against the
remaining installments of principal of the Term Loan (for the avoidance of doubt, any amount that is due and payable on the Maturity Date
shall constitute an installment). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or otherwise, if, on any date, (A) the
Term Loan is prepaid in connection with an optional prepayment or a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(iii),
the Maximum Revolver Amount (and corresponding Revolver Commitments) shall be permanently reduced by an amount equal to the Pro Rata Commitment
Reduction Amount, or (B) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan on such date (taking into account any contemplated
payments on such date) is less than the Maximum Revolver Amount on such date, the Maximum Revolver Amount (and corresponding Revolver
Commitments) shall be permanently reduced to the then outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan, and in each case, (x) such
prepayment shall be accompanied by a permanently reduction of the Maximum Revolver Commitments by an amount equal to the Pro Rata Commitment
Reduction Amount, and (y) to the extent any Revolving Loans are then outstanding, a portion of such prepayment equal to the Pro Rata
Commitment Reduction Amount shall be applied to prepay Revolving Loans in lieu of being applied to prepay a like amount of the Term Loan.

2.5. Promise
to Pay; Promissory Notes.

(a) Borrowers
agree to pay the Lender Group Expenses on the earliest of (i) the last Business Day of the month following the date on which the
applicable Lender Group Expenses were first incurred, (ii) five (5) Business Days after the presentment of an invoice therefor
(except for Lender Group Expenses invoiced on or prior to the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date, all of which shall be paid on or prior
to the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date), or (iii) the date on which demand therefor is made by Agent or, solely with respect to
Lender Group Expenses of Revolving Agent or any Revolving Lender, Revolving Agent, as applicable. Borrowers promise to pay all of the
Obligations (including principal, interest, premiums, if any, fees, costs, and expenses (including Lender Group Expenses)) in full on
the Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations) become due and payable
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Borrowers agree that their obligations contained in the first sentence of this Section 2.5(a) shall
survive payment or satisfaction in full of all other Obligations.

-82-

(b) Any
Lender may request that any portion of its Commitments or the Loans made by it be evidenced by one or more promissory notes. In such event,
Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender the requested promissory notes payable to the order of such Lender in a form furnished
by such Lender and reasonably satisfactory to Borrowers. Thereafter, the portion of the Commitments and Loans evidenced by such promissory
notes and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the
payee named therein.

2.6. Interest
Rates; Rates, Payments, and Calculations.

(a) Interest
Rates. Except as provided in Section 2.6(c) and Section 2.12(d), all Obligations shall bear interest
as follows:

(i) if
the relevant Obligation is a SOFR Loan, at a per annum rate equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Margin, and

(ii) otherwise,
at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Base Rate Margin.

(b) [Reserved].

(c) Default
Rate. (i) Automatically upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default under Section 8.4
or 8.5 and (ii) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any other Event of Default (other than an Event of Default
under Section 8.4 or 8.5), at the direction of Agent, Revolving Agent (solely with respect to Revolving Loans) or the
Required Lenders, and upon written notice by Agent to Borrowers of such direction (provided, that such notice shall not be required
for any Event of Default under Section 8.1), all Loans and all Obligations shall bear interest, from the date such Event of
Default occurred until the date such Event of Default is waived in writing in accordance herewith, at a per annum rate equal to two percentage
points above the per annum rate otherwise applicable thereunder.

(d) Payment.
Except to the extent provided to the contrary in Section 2.10 or Section 2.12(a), (i) all interest
and all other fees payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents shall be due and payable (in cash or PIK Interest, as applicable),
in arrears, on the last Business Day of each month, and (ii) all costs and expenses payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan
Documents, and all other Lender Group Expenses shall be due and payable on (x) with respect to Lender Group Expenses outstanding
as of the Closing Date, the Closing Date, (y) with respect to Lender Group Expenses outstanding as of the Amendment No. 1 Closing
Date, the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date, and (z) otherwise, the earliest of (A) the last Business Day of the month following
the date on which the applicable costs, expenses, or Lender Group Expenses were first incurred, (B) five (5) Business Days after
the presentment of an invoice therefor (except for Lender Group Expenses invoiced on or prior to the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date,
all of which shall be paid on or prior to the Amendment No. 1 Closing Date), or (C) the date on which demand therefor is made
by Agent or, solely with respect to Lender Group Expenses of Revolving Agent or any Revolving Lender, Revolving Agent, as applicable.
For the avoidance of doubt, any PIK Interest shall be compounded on each interest payment date and added to the outstanding principal
amount of the Term Loan and, once paid, shall be treated as principal amount of the Term Loan for all purposes of this Agreement. Following
any such increase in the principal amount of the Term Loan, interest will accrue on such increased amount.

-83-

(e) Computation.
All interest and fees chargeable under the Loan Documents shall be computed on the basis of a 360 day year, except that interest computed
by reference to the Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and, in each case, for
the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which the interest or fees accrue. In the event the Base Rate is changed from time
to time hereafter, the rates of interest hereunder based upon the Base Rate automatically and immediately shall be increased or decreased
by an amount equal to such change in the Base Rate.

(f) Intent
to Limit Charges to Maximum Lawful Rate. In no event shall the interest rate or rates payable under this Agreement, plus any other
amounts paid in connection herewith, exceed the highest rate permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in
a final determination, deem applicable, including, without limitation, the Criminal Code (Canada). Borrowers and the Lender Group,
in executing and delivering this Agreement, intend legally to agree upon the rate or rates of interest and manner of payment stated within
it; provided, that anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if such rate or rates of interest or manner of payment
exceeds the maximum allowable under applicable law, then, ipso facto, as of the date of this Agreement, Borrowers are and shall be liable
only for the payment of such maximum amount as is allowed by law, and payment received from Borrowers in excess of such legal maximum,
whenever received, shall be applied to reduce the principal balance of the Obligations to the extent of such excess.

(g) Term
SOFR Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes
from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such
Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document. Agent will promptly notify Administrative Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection
with the use or administration of Term SOFR.

(h) Canadian
Interest Provisions. For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada) and disclosure thereunder, whenever any interest or any
fee to be paid hereunder or in connection herewith is to be calculated on the basis of a 360-day, 365-day year or 366-day year, the yearly
rate of interest to which the rate used in such calculation is equivalent is the rate so used multiplied by the actual number of days
in the calendar year in which the same is to be ascertained and divided by 360, 365 or 366, as applicable. The rates of interest under
this Agreement are nominal rates, and not effective rates or yields. The principle of deemed reinvestment of interest does not apply to
any interest calculation under this Agreement.

-84-

2.7. Crediting
Payments. The receipt of any payment item by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, shall not be considered a payment on account
unless such payment item is a wire transfer of immediately available funds made to Agent's Account or Revolving Agent's Account, as applicable,
or unless and until such payment item is honored when presented for payment. Should any payment item not be honored when presented for
payment, then Borrowers shall be deemed not to have made such payment. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, any
payment item shall be deemed received by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, only if it is received into Agent's Account or Revolving
Agent's Account, as applicable, on a Business Day on or before 4:30 p.m. If any payment item is received into Agent's Account or
Revolving Agent's Account, as applicable, on a non-Business Day or after 4:30 p.m. on a Business Day (unless Agent or Revolving Agent,
as applicable, in its sole discretion, elects to credit it on the date received), it shall be deemed to have been received by Agent or
Revolving Agent, as applicable, as of the opening of business on the immediately following Business Day.

2.8. Designated
Account. Agent and Revolving Agent are each authorized to make Loans under this Agreement based upon instructions received from
anyone purporting to be an Authorized Person. Borrowers agree to establish and maintain the Designated Account with the Designated Account
Bank for the purpose of receiving the proceeds of the Revolving Loans and Protective Advances. Unless otherwise agreed by Agent or Revolving
Agent, as applicable, and Borrowers, any Loan requested by Borrowers and made by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, or the Lenders
hereunder shall be made to the Designated Account.

2.9. [Reserved].

2.10. Fees.

(a) Agent
and Revolving Agent Fees.

(i) Borrowers
shall pay to Agent, for the account of Agent, and for the benefit of the Lenders, where applicable, as and when due and payable under
the terms of the Fee Letter, the fees owing to Agent set forth in the Fee Letter.

(ii) Borrowers
shall pay to Agent, for the account of Revolving Agent, as and when due and payable under the terms of the Revolver Fee Letter, the fees
owing to Revolving Agent set forth in the Revolver Fee Letter.

(b) Unused
Line Fee. Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the ratable account of the Revolving Lenders, an unused line fee (the "Unused
Line Fee") in an amount equal to 0.50% per annum times the result of, as of each date of determination, (i) the aggregate
amount of the Revolver Commitments, less (ii) the Amendment No. 1 Availability Block Amount, less (iii) the Average Revolver
Usage during the immediately preceding month (or portion thereof), which Unused Line Fee shall be due and payable, in arrears, on the
first day of each month, from and after the Closing Date up to the first day of the month prior to the date on which the Obligations are
paid in full and the Revolver Commitments are terminated and on the date on which the Obligations are paid in full; provided that,
if the foregoing calculation results in a negative number for any month, the Unused Line Fee for such month shall be $0. For the avoidance
of doubt, Revolving Agent will calculate the Unused Line Fee each month.

-85-

2.11. [Reserved].

2.12. SOFR
Option.

(a) Interest
and Interest Payment Dates. In lieu of having interest charged at the rate based upon the Base Rate, Borrowers shall have the option,
subject to Section 2.12(b) below (the "SOFR Option") to have interest on all or a portion of the Revolving
Loans or the Term Loan be charged (whether at the time when made (unless otherwise provided herein), upon conversion from a Base Rate
Loan to a SOFR Loan, or upon continuation of a SOFR Loan as a SOFR Loan) at a rate of interest based upon Term SOFR. Interest on SOFR
Loans shall be payable (in cash, or, solely with respect to the foregoing clause (i), in cash or PIK Interest, as applicable) on the earliest
of (i) the last day of the Interest Period applicable theretoBusiness
Day of each month, (ii) the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated pursuant to the terms
hereof, or (iii) the date on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, any PIK
Interest shall be compounded on each interest payment date and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan and, once paid,
shall be treated as principal amount of the Term Loan for all purposes of this Agreement. Following any such increase in the principal
amount of the Term Loan, interest will accrue on such increased amount. On the last day of each applicable Interest Period, unless Borrowers
have properly exercised the SOFR Option with respect thereto, the interest rate applicable to such SOFR Loan automatically shall convert
to the rate of interest then applicable to Base Rate Loans of the same type hereunder. At any time that an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, at the written election of Agent, Revolving Agent (solely in the case of Revolving Loans), or the Required Lenders,
or the Required Revolving Lenders (solely in the case of Revolving Loans), Borrowers no longer shall have the option to request that Revolving
Loans or any portion of the Term Loan bear interest at a rate based upon Term SOFR.

(b) SOFR
Election.

(i) Borrowers
may, at any time and from time to time, so long as Borrowers have not received a notice from Agent or Revolving Agent (solely in the case
of Revolving Loans) (which notice Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, may elect to give or not give in its discretion unless Agent
or Revolving Agent, as applicable, is directed to give such notice by Required Lenders or the Required Revolving Lenders (solely in the
case of Revolving Loans), in which case, it shall give the notice to Borrowers and with respect to Revolving Loans, the Revolving
Agent), after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to terminate the right of Borrowers to exercise the SOFR
Option during the continuance of such Event of Default, elect to exercise the SOFR Option by notifying Agent or Revolving Agent (with,
if in with respect to Revolving Loans, a copy of such notice to the Revolving Agent) prior to 2:00 p.m. at least three U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of the proposed Interest Period (the "SOFR Deadline"). Notice of Borrowers'
election of the SOFR Option for a permitted portion of the Revolving Loans or the Term Loan and an Interest Period pursuant to this Section shall
be made by delivery to Agent or Revolving Agent of a SOFR Notice (and with respect to Revolving Loans, the Revolving Agent) received by
Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, before the SOFR Deadline. Promptly upon its receipt of each such SOFR Notice, Agent or Revolving
Agent, as applicable, shall provide a notice thereof to each of the affected Lenders.

-86-

(ii) Each
SOFR Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on Borrowers. In connection with each SOFR Loan, each Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and
hold Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders harmless against any loss, cost, or expense actually incurred by Agent, Revolving Agent or
any Lender as a result of (A) the payment or required assignment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of
an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (B) the conversion of any SOFR Loan other than
on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (C) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan
on the date specified in any SOFR Notice delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, or expenses, "Funding Losses").

(iii) A
certificate of Agent, Revolving Agent, or a Lender delivered to Borrowers setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that
Agent, Revolving Agent, or such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. Borrowers shall pay such amount to Agent, Revolving Agent or the Lender, as applicable, within 30 days of the date of its receipt
of such certificate. If a payment of a SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period would result in a
Funding Loss, Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, may, in its sole discretion at the request of Borrowers but with Revolving Agent's
consent with respect to Revolving Loans, hold the amount of such payment as cash collateral in support of the Obligations until the last
day of such Interest Period and apply such amounts to the payment of the applicable SOFR Loan on such last day of such Interest Period,
it being agreed that Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, has no obligation to so defer the application of payments to any SOFR Loan
and that, in the event that Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, does not defer such application, Borrowers shall be obligated to
pay any resulting Funding Losses.

(iv) Unless
Agent and Revolving Agent, in their sole discretion, each agrees otherwise, Borrowers shall have not more than five SOFR Loans in effect
at any given time. Borrowers may only exercise the SOFR Option for proposed SOFR Loans of at least $1,000,000.

(c) Conversion;
Prepayment. Borrowers may convert SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans or prepay SOFR Loans at any time; provided, that in the event
that SOFR Loans are converted or prepaid on any date that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, including as
a result of any prepayment through the required application by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, of any payments or proceeds of
Collateral in accordance with Section 2.4(b) or for any other reason, including early termination of the term of this
Agreement or acceleration of all or any portion of the Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, each Borrower shall indemnify, defend,
and hold Agent, Revolving Agent,and the Lenders and their Participants harmless against any and all Funding Losses in accordance with
Section 2.12 (b)(ii).

(d) Special
Provisions Applicable to Term SOFR.

(i) Term
SOFR may be adjusted by Agent with respect to any Lender on a prospective basis to take into account any additional or increased costs
(other than Taxes which shall be governed by Section 16), in each case, due to changes in applicable law occurring subsequent
to the commencement of the then applicable Interest Period, or pursuant to any Change in Law or change in the reserve requirements imposed
by the Board of Governors, which additional or increased costs would increase the cost of funding or maintaining loans bearing interest
at Term SOFR. In any such event, the affected Lender shall give Borrowers and Agent notice of such a determination and adjustment and
Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and, upon its receipt of the notice from the affected Lender, Borrowers
may, by notice to such affected Lender (A) require such Lender to furnish to Borrowers a statement setting forth in reasonable detail
the basis for adjusting Term SOFR and the method for determining the amount of such adjustment, or (B) repay the SOFR Loans or Base
Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR, in each case, of such Lender with respect to which such adjustment is made (together
with any amounts due under Section 2.12(b)(ii)).

-87-

(ii) Subject
to the provisions set forth in Section 2.12(d)(iii) below, in the event that any change in market conditions or any Change
in Law shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of any Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for such Lender
to fund or maintain SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR) or to continue such funding or maintaining,
or to determine or charge interest rates at the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or SOFR, such Lender shall give notice of such changed
circumstances to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, and Borrowers and Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, promptly shall transmit
the notice to each other Lender and (y)(i) in the case of any SOFR Loans of such Lender that are outstanding, such SOFR Loans of
such Lender will be deemed to have been converted Base Rate Loans on the last day of the Interest Period of such SOFR Loans, if such Lender
may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans,
and thereafter interest upon the SOFR Loans of such Lender thereafter shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans
(and if applicable, without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof) and (ii) in the case of any such Base Rate Loans of such
Lender that are outstanding and that are determined with reference to Term SOFR, interest upon the Base Rate Loans of such Lender after
the date specified in such Lender's notice shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans without reference to the
Term SOFR component thereof and (z) Borrowers shall not be entitled to elect the SOFR Option and Base Rate Loans shall not be determined
with reference to the Term SOFR component thereof, in each case, until such Lender determines that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical
to do so.

(iii) Benchmark
Replacement Setting.

(A) Benchmark
Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, Agent and Administrative Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement.
Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day
after Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and Administrative Borrower so long as Agent has not received,
by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark
with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.12(d)(iii) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition
Start Date.

(B) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement,
Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any
other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of
any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

-88-

(C) Notices;
Standards for Decisions and Determinations. Agent will promptly notify Administrative Borrower and the Lenders of (1) the implementation
of any Benchmark Replacement and (2) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption
or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. Agent will notify Administrative Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any
tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(D) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability
Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant
to this Section 2.12(d)(iii), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.12(d)(iii).

(D) Unavailability
of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (1) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference
Rate) and either (I) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate
from time to time as selected by Agent in its reasonable discretion or (II) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not
be representative, then Agent may modify the definition of "Interest Period" (or any similar or analogous definition) for any
Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (2) if a tenor that was removed
pursuant to clause (1) above either (I) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including
a Benchmark Replacement) or (II) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative
for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then Agent may modify the definition of "Interest Period" (or any similar
or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(E) Benchmark
Unavailability Period. Upon Administrative Borrower's receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period,
(1) Administrative Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be
made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, Administrative Borrower will be deemed to have
converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans and (2) any outstanding affected SOFR
Loans will be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. During any Benchmark Unavailability
Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon
the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate.

-89-

(e) No
Requirement of Matched Funding. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither Agent, Revolving Agent, nor any
Lender, nor any of their Participants, is required actually to match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues at Term SOFR or
the Term SOFR Reference Rate.

2.13. Capital
Requirements.

(a) If,
after the date hereof, (i) any Lender determines that (A) any Change in Law regarding capital, liquidity or reserve requirements
for banks or bank holding companies, or (B) such Lender, or their respective parent bank holding companies, with any guideline, request
or directive of any Governmental Authority regarding capital adequacy or liquidity requirements (whether or not having the force of law),
has the effect of reducing the return on such Lender's, or such holding companies' capital or liquidity as a consequence of such Lender's
commitments, Loans, participations or other obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or such holding companies could
have achieved but for such Change in Law or compliance (taking into consideration such Lender's or such holding companies' then existing
policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity requirements and assuming the full utilization of such entity's capital) by any
amount deemed by such Lender to be material; or (ii) any Recipient determines that a Change in Law shall subject such Recipient to
Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (ii) through (v) of the definition of Excluded
Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its Obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto
that result in an increase in the cost to such Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining
its obligation to make any such Loan, or to increase the cost to such Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Obligation,
or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount),
then such Lender may notify Borrowers and Agent thereof. Following receipt of such notice, Borrowers agree to pay such Lender or Recipient
on demand such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs
incurred or reduction suffered (including the amount of such reduction of return of capital as and when such reduction is determined),
payable within 30 days after presentation by such Lender of a statement in the amount and setting forth in reasonable detail such Lender's
calculation thereof and the assumptions upon which such calculation was based (which statement shall be deemed true and correct absent
manifest error). In determining such amount, such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. Failure or delay on
the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's right to demand
such compensation; provided, that Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any
reductions in return incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies Borrowers of such Change in Law giving rise
to such reductions and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further, that if such claim arises by
reason of the Change in Law that is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect thereof.

-90-

(b) If
any Lender requests additional or increased costs referred to in Section 2.12(d)(i) or amounts under Section 2.13(a) or
sends a notice under Section 2.12(d)(ii) relative to changed circumstances (such Lender, an "Affected Lender"),
then, at the request of Administrative Borrower, such Affected Lender shall use reasonable efforts to promptly designate a different one
of its lending offices or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices or branches, if (i) in the reasonable
judgment of such Affected Lender, such designation or assignment would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(i) or
Section 2.13(a), as applicable, or would eliminate the illegality or impracticality of funding or maintaining SOFR Loans (or
Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR), and (ii) in the reasonable judgment of such Affected Lender, such designation
or assignment would not subject it to any material unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous
to it. Borrowers agree to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by such Affected Lender in connection with any
such designation or assignment. If, after such reasonable efforts, such Affected Lender does not so designate a different one of its lending
offices or assign its rights to another of its offices or branches so as to eliminate Borrowers' obligation to pay any future amounts
to such Affected Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a), as applicable, or to enable Borrowers
to obtain SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR), then Borrowers (without prejudice to any amounts then
due to such Affected Lender under Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a), as applicable) may, unless prior
to the effective date of any such assignment the Affected Lender withdraws its request for such additional amounts under Section 2.12(d)(i) or
Section 2.13(a), as applicable, or indicates that it is no longer unlawful or impractical to fund or maintain SOFR Loans (or
Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR), may designate a substitute a Lender or prospective Lender, in each case, reasonably
acceptable to Agent or solely with respect to the Revolving Loans, Revolving Agent, to purchase the Obligations owed to such Affected
Lender and such Affected Lender's commitments hereunder (a "Replacement Lender"), and if such Replacement Lender agrees
to such purchase, such Affected Lender shall assign to the Replacement Lender its Obligations and commitments, and upon such purchase
by the Replacement Lender, which such Replacement Lender shall be deemed to be a "Lender" for purposes of this Agreement and
such Affected Lender shall cease to be a "Lender" for purposes of this Agreement.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the protection of Sections 2.12(d) and 2.13 shall be available to each Lender regardless
of any possible contention of the invalidity or inapplicability of the law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment, guideline, treaty
or other change or condition which shall have occurred or been imposed, so long as it shall be customary for issuing banks or lenders
affected thereby to comply therewith. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, no Lender shall demand compensation pursuant to this
Section 2.13 if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of such Lender (as the case may be) to demand such
compensation in similar circumstances under comparable provisions of other credit agreements, if any.

2.14. [Reserved].

2.15. Joint
and Several Liability of Borrowers.

(a) Each
Borrower is accepting joint and several liability hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in consideration of the financial accommodations
to be provided by the Lender Group under this Agreement, for the mutual benefit, directly and indirectly, of each Borrower and in consideration
of the undertakings of the other Borrowers to accept joint and several liability for the Obligations.

-91-

(b) Each
Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as a surety but also as a co-debtor, joint
and several liability with the other Borrowers, with respect to the payment and performance of all of the Obligations (including any Obligations
arising under this Section 2.15), it being the intention of the parties hereto that all the Obligations shall be the joint
and several obligations of each Borrower without preferences or distinction among them. Accordingly, each Borrower hereby waives any and
all suretyship defenses that would otherwise be available to such Borrower under applicable law.

(c) If
and to the extent that any Borrower shall fail to make any payment with respect to any of the Obligations as and when due, whether upon
maturity, acceleration, or otherwise, or to perform any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, then in each such event
the other Borrowers will make such payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligations until such time as all of the Obligations are
paid in full, and without the need for demand, protest, or any other notice or formality.

(d) The
Obligations of each Borrower under the provisions of this Section 2.15 constitute the absolute and unconditional, full recourse
Obligations of each Borrower enforceable against each Borrower to the full extent of its properties and assets, irrespective of the validity,
regularity or enforceability of the provisions of this Agreement (other than this Section 2.15(d)) or any other circumstances
whatsoever.

-92-

(e) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing and except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Borrower hereby waives presentments,
demands for performance, protests and notices, including notices of acceptance of its joint and several liability, notice of any Revolving
Loans, any portion of the Term Loan, notice of the occurrence of any Default, Event of Default, notices of nonperformance, notices of
protest, notices of dishonor, notices of acceptance of this Agreement, notices of the existence, creation, or incurring of new or additional
Obligations or other financial accommodations or of any demand for any payment under this Agreement, notice of any action at any time
taken or omitted by Agent, Revolving Agent or Lenders under or in respect of any of the Obligations, any right to proceed against any
other Borrower or any other Person, to proceed against or exhaust any security held from any other Borrower or any other Person, to protect,
secure, perfect, or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right to take any action against
any other Borrower, any other Person, or any collateral, to pursue any other remedy in any member of the Lender Group's or any Bank Product
Provider's power whatsoever, any requirement of diligence or to mitigate damages and, generally, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, all demands, notices and other formalities of every kind in connection with this Agreement (except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement), any right to assert against any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider, any defense (legal or equitable),
set-off, counterclaim, or claim which each Borrower may now or at any time hereafter have against any other Borrower or any other party
liable to any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider, any defense, set-off, counterclaim, or claim, of any kind or nature,
arising directly or indirectly from the present or future lack of perfection, sufficiency, validity, or enforceability of the Obligations
or any security therefor, and any right or defense arising by reason of any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by any
member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider including any defense based upon an impairment or elimination of such Borrower's
rights of subrogation, reimbursement, contribution, or indemnity of such Borrower against any other Borrower. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, each Borrower hereby assents to, and waives notice of, any extension or postponement of the time for the payment of
any of the Obligations, the acceptance of any payment of any of the Obligations, the acceptance of any partial payment thereon, any waiver,
consent or other action or acquiescence by Agent, Revolving Agent or Lenders at any time or times in respect of any default by any Borrower
in the performance or satisfaction of any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement, any and all other indulgences whatsoever
by Agent, Revolving Agent or Lenders in respect of any of the Obligations, and the taking, addition, substitution or release, in whole
or in part, at any time or times, of any security for any of the Obligations or the addition, substitution or release, in whole or in
part, of any Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower assents to any other action or delay in acting
or failure to act on the part of Agent, Revolving Agent or Lender with respect to the failure by any Borrower to comply with any of its
respective Obligations, including any failure strictly or diligently to assert any right or to pursue any remedy or to comply fully with
applicable laws or regulations thereunder, which might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.15 afford grounds for terminating,
discharging or relieving any Borrower, in whole or in part, from any of its Obligations under this Section 2.15, it being
the intention of each Borrower that, so long as any of the Obligations hereunder remain unsatisfied, the Obligations of each Borrower
under this Section 2.15 shall not be discharged except by performance and then only to the extent of such performance. The
Obligations of each Borrower under this Section 2.15 shall not be diminished or rendered unenforceable by any winding up,
reorganization, arrangement, liquidation, reconstruction or similar proceeding with respect to any other Borrower or Agent, Revolving
Agent or Lender. Each of the Borrowers waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting
its liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof. Any payment by any Borrower or other circumstance which operates to toll any statute
of limitations as to any Borrower shall operate to toll the statute of limitations as to each of the Borrowers. Each of the Borrowers
waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Borrower or any other Person, other than payment of the Obligations to
the extent of such payment, based on or arising out of the disability of any Borrower or any other Person, or the validity, legality,
or unenforceability of the Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Borrower
other than payment of the Obligations to the extent of such payment. Agent may, at the election of the Required Lenders, foreclose upon
any Collateral held by Agent by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales or other dispositions, whether or not every aspect of any such
sale is commercially reasonable or otherwise fails to comply with applicable law or may exercise any other right or remedy Agent, any
other member of the Lender Group, or any Bank Product Provider may have against any Borrower or any other Person, or any security, in
each case, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any of the Borrowers hereunder except to the extent the Obligations
have been paid.

-93-

(f) Each
Borrower represents and warrants to Agent, Revolving Agent and Lenders that such Borrower is currently informed of the financial condition
of Borrowers and of all other circumstances which a diligent inquiry would reveal and which bear upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations.
Each Borrower further represents and warrants to Agent, Revolving Agent and Lenders that such Borrower has read and understands the terms
and conditions of the Loan Documents. Each Borrower hereby covenants that such Borrower will continue to keep informed of Borrowers' financial
condition and of all other circumstances which bear upon the risk of nonpayment or nonperformance of the Obligations.

(g) The
provisions of this Section 2.15 are made for the benefit of Agent, Revolving Agent, each member of the Lender Group, each
Bank Product Provider, and their respective successors and assigns, and may be enforced by it or them from time to time against any or
all Borrowers as often as occasion therefor may arise and without requirement on the part of Agent, Revolving Agent, any member of the
Lender Group, any Bank Product Provider, or any of their successors or assigns first to marshal any of its or their claims or to exercise
any of its or their rights against any Borrower or to exhaust any remedies available to it or them against any Borrower or to resort to
any other source or means of obtaining payment of any of the Obligations hereunder or to elect any other remedy. The provisions of this
Section 2.15 shall remain in effect until all of the Obligations shall have been paid in full or otherwise fully satisfied.
If at any time, any payment, or any part thereof, made in respect of any of the Obligations, is rescinded or must otherwise be restored
or returned by Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower, or otherwise, the
provisions of this Section 2.15 will forthwith be reinstated in effect, as though such payment had not been made.

(h) Each
Borrower hereby agrees that it will not enforce any of its rights that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of
the provisions of this Section 2.15, including rights of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification
and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of Agent, Revolving Agent, any other member of the Lender Group, or any Bank Product
Provider against any Borrower, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including
the right to take or receive from any Borrower, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner,
payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until such time as all of the Obligations have been paid
in full in cash. Any claim which any Borrower may have against any other Borrower with respect to any payments to Agent, Revolving Agent
or any member of the Lender Group hereunder or under any of the Bank Product Agreements are hereby expressly made subordinate and junior
in right of payment, without limitation as to any increases in the Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, to the prior payment in
full in cash of the Obligations and, in the event of any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, reorganization or other similar
proceeding under the laws of any jurisdiction relating to any Borrower, its debts or its assets, whether voluntary or involuntary, all
such Obligations shall be paid in full in cash before any payment or distribution of any character, whether in cash, securities or other
property, shall be made to any other Borrower therefor. If any amount shall be paid to any Borrower in violation of the immediately preceding
sentence, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of Agent, for the benefit of Revolving Agent, for the benefit of the Lender
Group and the Bank Product Providers, and shall forthwith be paid to Agent to be credited and applied to the Obligations and all other
amounts payable under this Agreement, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral
for any Obligations or other amounts payable under this Agreement thereafter arising. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, no Borrower may exercise any rights of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or other similar rights
against, and may not proceed or seek recourse against or with respect to any property or asset of, any other Borrower (the "Foreclosed
Borrower"), including after payment in full of the Obligations, if all or any portion of the Obligations have been satisfied
in connection with an exercise of remedies in respect of the Equity Interests of such Foreclosed Borrower whether pursuant to this Agreement
or otherwise.

-94-

3. CONDITIONS; TERM OF AGREEMENT.

3.1. Conditions
Precedent to the Initial Extension of Credit. The obligation of each Lender to make the initial extensions of credit provided
for hereunder is subject to the fulfillment, to the satisfaction of Agent, Revolving Agent and each Lender, of each of the conditions
precedent set forth on Schedule 3.1 to this Agreement (the making of such initial extensions of credit by a Lender being conclusively
deemed to be its satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent).

3.2. Conditions
Precedent to all Extensions of Credit. The obligation of each Revolving Lender to make any Revolving Loans hereunder (or to extend
any credit hereunder) at any time shall be subject to the following conditions precedent:

(a) receipt
by Agent and Revolving Agent (in the case of Revolving Loans) of a Notice of Borrowing;

(b) the
representations and warranties of each Loan Party or its Subsidiaries contained in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents shall
be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and
warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date of such extension of credit,
as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date,
in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier
shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof)
as of such earlier date);

(c) no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such extension of credit, nor shall either result from
the making thereof;

(d) both
at the time of and after the making of such requested Revolving Loans, Available Cash shall not exceed $55,000,000;

(e) the
requested Borrowing will not exceed the Availability on such Funding Date; and

(f) no
Overadvance exists or will exist after the making of such requested Revolving Loans.

3.3. Maturity.
This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for a term ending on the Maturity Date (unless terminated earlier in accordance
with the terms hereof).

3.4. Effect
of Maturity. On the Maturity Date, all commitments of the Lender Group to provide additional credit hereunder shall automatically
be terminated and all of the Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations) immediately shall become due and payable without notice or demand
and Borrowers shall be required to repay all of the Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations) in full. No termination of the obligations
of the Lender Group (other than payment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments) shall relieve or discharge any
Loan Party of its duties, obligations, or covenants hereunder or under any other Loan Document and Agent's Liens in the Collateral shall
continue to secure the Obligations and shall remain in effect until all Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have been
terminated. When all of the Obligations have been paid in full and the Lender Group's obligations to provide additional credit under the
Loan Documents have been terminated irrevocably, Agent will, at Borrowers' sole expense, execute and deliver any termination statements,
lien releases, discharges of security interests, and other similar discharge or release documents (and, if applicable, in recordable form)
as are reasonably necessary to release, as of record, Agent's Liens and all notices of security interests and liens previously filed by
Agent.

-95-

3.5. Early
Termination by Borrowers. Subject to the Fee Letter and the Revolver Fee Letter, Borrowers have the option, at any time upon ten
(10) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by Agent) prior written notice to Agent and Revolving Agent, to repay
all of the Obligations in full and terminate this Agreement; provided, that any such notice may state that such notice is conditioned
upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any transaction or the receipt of proceeds to be used for such payment, in each case specified
therein (including the effectiveness of other credit facilities), in which case such notice may be revoked by the Administrative Borrower
(by written notice to Agent and Revolving Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied.

3.6. Post-Closing
Covenants Each Borrower covenants and agrees to fulfill the obligations set forth on Schedule 3.6 to this Agreement (the
failure by any Borrower to so perform or cause to be performed such obligations as and when required by the terms thereof (unless such
date is extended, in writing, by Agent, which Agent may do without obtaining the consent of the other members of the Lender Group), shall
constitute an Event of Default).

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

In order to induce the Lender
Group to enter into this Agreement, each Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to the Lender Group which shall be
true, correct, and complete, in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations
and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the Closing Date, and shall be true,
correct, and complete, in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations
and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the date of the making of each Loan (or
any other extension of credit hereunder, other than the continuation of, or conversion into, a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan, as applicable)
made thereafter, as though made on and as of the date of such Loan (or any other extension of credit) or delivery (except to the extent
that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be
true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties
that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of such earlier date), and such representations and warranties
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement:

4.1. Due
Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries.

(a) Each
Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized and existing and in good standing (where applicable) under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation, (ii) is qualified to do business in any state where the failure
to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) has all requisite power and authority
to own and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into the Loan Documents
to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary,
this representation shall be subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements (in each case, as applicable).

-96-

(b) Set
forth on Schedule 4.1(b) to this Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time to reflect changes resulting
from transactions permitted under this Agreement) is a complete and accurate description of the authorized Equity Interests of each Subsidiary
that is a Loan Party, by class, and, as of the Closing Date, a description of the number of shares of each such class that are issued
and outstanding.

(c) Set
forth on Schedule 4.1(c) to this Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time to reflect changes
resulting from transactions permitted under this Agreement), is a complete and accurate list of the Loan Parties' direct and indirect
Subsidiaries, showing: (i) the number of shares of each class of Equity Interests authorized for each of such Subsidiaries, and (ii) the
number and the percentage of the outstanding shares of each such class owned directly or indirectly by Comtech. All of the outstanding
Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary has been validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable.

(d) Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.1(d) to this Agreement, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, or calls relating to any
shares of any Loan Party's or any of its Subsidiaries' Equity Interests, including any right of conversion or exchange under any outstanding
security or other instrument. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.1(d) to this Agreement, no Loan Party is subject to any obligation
(contingent or otherwise) to repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire any shares of its Equity Interests or any security convertible
into or exchangeable for any of its Equity Interests.

4.2. Due
Authorization; No Conflict.

(a) As
to each Loan Party, the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party have been
duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Loan Party.

(b) As
to each Loan Party, the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party do not and
will not (i) violate any material provision of federal, state, provincial, territorial or local law or regulation applicable to any
Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Governing Documents of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or any order, judgment, or decree of any
court or other Governmental Authority binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary,
this representation shall be subject to the Legal Reservations (as applicable), (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute
(with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material agreement (including any Material Contract) of any Loan Party
or its Subsidiaries where any such conflict, breach or default could individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien of any nature whatsoever upon any assets
of any Loan Party, other than Permitted Liens, or (iv) require any approval of any holder of Equity Interests of a Loan Party or
any approval or consent of any Person under any material agreement (including any Material Contract) of any Loan Party, other than consents
or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except, in the case of material agreements (including
Material Contracts), for consents or approvals, the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected
to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

-97-

4.3. Governmental
Consents. The execution, delivery, and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not require any registration with, consent,
or approval of, or notice to, or other action with or by, any Governmental Authority, other than registrations, consents, approvals, notices,
or other actions that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except for filings and recordings with respect to
the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to Agent for filing or recordation, as of the Closing Date; provided that in
respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this representation shall be subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements (in each
case, as applicable).

4.4. Binding
Obligations; Perfected Liens.

(a) Each
Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding obligation
of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited
by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors' rights
generally; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this representation shall be subject to the Legal Reservations and
Perfection Requirements (in each case, as applicable).

(b) Agent's
Liens are validly created, perfected (other than (i) in respect of motor vehicles that are subject to a certificate of title, (ii) money,
(iii) letter-of-credit rights (other than supporting obligations), (iv) commercial tort claims (other than those that, by the
terms of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, are required to be perfected), and (v) any Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts
not subject to a Control Agreement as permitted by Section 7(k)(iv) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement and Section 7(k)(iv) of
the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement, and, subject only to the filing of financing statements, the recordation of the Copyright
Security Agreement, if any, and the recordation of the Mortgages, if any, in each case, in the appropriate filing offices), and first
priority Liens, subject only to Permitted Liens which are non-consensual Permitted Liens, permitted purchase money Liens, or the interests
of lessors under Capital Leases; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this representation shall be subject to the
Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements (in each case, as applicable).

4.5. Title
to Assets; No Encumbrances. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries has (a) good, sufficient and legal title to (in
the case of fee interests in Real Property), (b) valid leasehold interests in (in the case of leasehold interests in real or personal
property), and (c) good and marketable title to (in the case of all other personal property), all of their respective assets reflected
in their most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1, in each case except for assets disposed of since
the date of such financial statements to the extent permitted hereby; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this
representation shall be subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements (in each case, as applicable). All of such assets
are free and clear of Liens except for Permitted Liens.

-98-

4.6. Litigation.

(a) There
are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party after due inquiry, threatened in writing against
a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

(b) Schedule 4.6(b) to
this Agreement sets forth a complete and accurate description of each of the actions, suits, or proceedings with asserted liabilities
in excess of, or that could reasonably be expected to result in liabilities in excess of, $5,000,000 that, as of the Closing Date, is
pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party after due inquiry, threatened against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries.

4.7. Compliance
with Laws. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) is in violation of any applicable laws, rules, regulations, executive
orders, or codes (including Environmental Laws) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, or (b) is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, rules or
regulations of any court or any federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board,
bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

4.8. No
Material Adverse Effect. All financial statements relating to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries that have been delivered
by Borrowers to Agent have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited financial statements, for the lack
of footnotes and being subject to year-end audit adjustments) and present fairly in all material respects, the Loan Parties' and their
Subsidiaries' consolidated financial condition as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period then ended. Since July 31,
2023, no event, circumstance, or change has occurred that has or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

4.9. Solvency.

(a) Each
Borrower is, and the Loan Parties taken as a whole are, Solvent.

(b) No
transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors
of such Loan Party.

-99-

4.10. Employee
Benefits.

(a) Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.10, no Loan Party, none of their Subsidiaries, nor any of their ERISA Affiliates maintains or contributes
to any Benefit Plan, Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Defined Benefit Pension Plan.

(b) Each
Loan Party and each of the ERISA Affiliates has complied with ERISA, the IRC and all applicable laws regarding each Employee Benefit Plan,
except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Each
Employee Benefit Plan is, and has been, maintained in compliance with ERISA, the IRC, all applicable laws and the terms of each such Employee
Benefit Plan, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Each
Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the IRC has received a favorable determination letter
from the Internal Revenue Service or is entitled to rely on an opinion letter provided under a volume submitted program. To the knowledge
of each Loan Party, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification.

(e) No
liability to the PBGC (other than for the payment of current premiums which are not past due) by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has
been incurred or is expected by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate to be incurred with respect to any Pension Plan.

(f) No
Notification Event exists, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) No
Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has provided any security under Section 436 of the IRC.

(h) No
Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof is or has at any time been: (a) an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions
Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (both terms as defined in the Pensions Schemes Act 1993)
and which is not fully funded as at the relevant date and such deficit would have a Material Adverse Effect; or (b) "connected"
with or an "associate" (as those terms are used in sections 38 and 43 of the Pensions Act 2004) of such an employer.

(i) With
respect to any Canadian Pension Plans established after the Closing Date, Borrowers will cause each Loan Party to, (a) comply with
all applicable provisions and funding requirements of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and applicable Canadian Pension Benefits Legislation
with respect to all Canadian Pension Plans and make all payments with respect thereto when due, except where the failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) operate each Canadian Pension Plan in such a manner that will
not incur any material liability under the Income Tax Act (Canada) and applicable Canadian Pension Benefits Legislation except where the
failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) furnish to the Agent upon Agents
written request such additional information about any Canadian Pension Plan for which any Loan Party could reasonably expect to incur
any material liability. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, all employer or employee payments,
contributions, withholdings or premiums required to be remitted, paid to or in respect of Canadian income tax, vacation pay and statutory
benefit plans that any Loan Party is required to participate in or comply with, including the Canada Pension Plan or Quebec Pension Plan
and plans administered pursuant to applicable workplace safety insurance and employment insurance legislation will be paid or remitted
by each such Person when due in accordance with the terms thereof, any agreements relating thereto and all applicable laws.

-100-

4.11. Environmental
Condition. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.11 to this Agreement or as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect, (a) to each Loan Party's knowledge, no Loan Party's nor any of its Subsidiaries' properties or assets
has ever been used by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or by previous owners or operations in the disposal of, or to produce, store,
handle, treat, release, or transport, any Hazardous Materials, where such disposal, production, storage, handling, treatment, release
or transport was in violation, in any material respect, of any applicable Environmental Law, (b) to each Loan Party's knowledge after
due inquiry, no Loan Party's nor any of its Subsidiaries' properties or assets has ever been designated or identified in any manner pursuant
to any environmental protection statute as a Hazardous Materials disposal site, (c) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received notice that a Lien arising under any Environmental Law has attached to any revenues or to any Real Property owned or operated
by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (d) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective facilities or operations
is subject to any outstanding written order, consent decree, or settlement agreement with any Person relating to any Environmental Law
or Environmental Liability, and (e) to each Loan Party's knowledge, (i) there are no visible signs of release, spills, discharges,
leaks or disposal (collectively referred to as "Releases") of Hazardous Materials at, upon, under or within any Real
Property or any premises leased by the Loan Parties and/or their respective Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no underground storage tanks
or polychlorinated biphenyls on the Real Property or any premises leased by the Loan Parties and/or their respective Subsidiaries, and
(iii) no Hazardous Materials are present on any Real Property or any premises leased by the Loan Parties and/or their respective
Subsidiaries, excepting such quantities as are handled in accordance with all applicable manufacturer's instructions and governmental
regulations and in proper storage containers and as are necessary for the operation of the commercial business of the Loan Parties and
their respective Subsidiaries or of their tenants.

4.12. Complete
Disclosure. All factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of
a general economic nature and general information about the industry of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries) furnished by or on behalf
of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender (including all information contained in the Schedules
hereto or in the other Loan Documents or Comtech's Exchange Act filings) for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or the other
Loan Documents, and all other such factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information and projections and information
of a general economic nature and general information about the industry of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries) hereafter furnished by
or on behalf of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender will be, true and accurate, in all
material respects, on the date as of which such information is dated or certified and not incomplete by omitting to state any fact necessary
to make such information (taken as a whole) not misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the circumstances under which
such information was provided. The Projections delivered to Agent and Revolving Agent on or about April 30, 2024 represent, and as
of the date on which any other Projections are delivered to Agent and Revolving Agent, such additional Projections represent, Borrowers'
good faith estimate, on the date such Projections are delivered, of the Loan Parties' and their Subsidiaries' future performance for the
periods covered thereby based upon assumptions believed by Borrowers to be reasonable at the time of the delivery thereof to Agent and
Revolving Agent (it being understood that such Projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are
beyond the control of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and no assurances can be given that such Projections will be realized,
and although reflecting Borrowers' good faith estimate, projections or forecasts based on methods and assumptions which Borrowers believed
to be reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared, are not to be viewed as facts, and that actual results during the period
or periods covered by the Projections may differ materially from projected or estimated results). As of the Closing Date, the information
included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects.

-101-

4.13. Patriot
Act, etc.. To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with the (a) Trading
with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle
B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (b) Uniting and Strengthening
America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act of 2001, as amended) (the "Patriot
Act"), and (c) Canadian AML Laws.

4.14. [Reserved].

4.15. Payment
of Taxes. Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries (a) has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required
to have been filed by it, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, and (b) has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except to the extent contested through
a Permitted Protest, or to the extent the failure to pay such Taxes, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

4.16. Margin
Stock. Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock or is engaged principally, or as one of its important
activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. No part of the proceeds of
the Loans made to Borrowers will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing
or carrying any Margin Stock or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors. Neither
any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries expects to acquire any Margin Stock.

4.17. Governmental
Regulation. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act or the Investment Company
Act of 1940 or under any other federal, state, provincial or territorial statute or regulation which may limit its ability to incur Indebtedness
or which may otherwise render all or any portion of the Obligations unenforceable. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is a "registered
investment company" or a company "controlled" by a "registered investment company" or a "principal underwriter"
of a "registered investment company" as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940.

-102-

4.18. OFAC;
Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Sanctions.
No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, agent or Affiliate
of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary (a) is a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, (b) has any assets located in Sanctioned
Entities, or (c) derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons or Sanctioned Entities. Each of the
Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with all
Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of
each such Loan Party, each director, officer, employee, agent and Affiliate of each such Loan Party and each such Subsidiary, is in compliance
with all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No proceeds of any Loan made hereunder will be used to fund any
operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, or otherwise
used in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanction, Anti-Corruption Law or Anti-Money Laundering Law by any Person (including
any Lender, Bank Product Provider or other individual or entity participating in any transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this
section shall not be made by nor apply to any Person that is registered or created under the laws of Canada or any province or territory
thereof and that carries on business in whole or in part in Canada within the meaning of Section 2 of the Foreign Extraterritorial
Measures (United States) Order, 1992 passed under the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) in so far as this section
would result in a violation of or conflict with the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) or any similar law.

4.19. Employee
and Labor Matters. There is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party after due
inquiry, threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding
pending or threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement and
that could reasonably be expected to result in a material liability, (ii) no strike, labor dispute, slowdown, stoppage or similar
action or grievance pending or threatened in writing against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to result
in a material liability, or (iii) to the knowledge of any Loan Party after due inquiry, no union representation question existing
with respect to the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries and no union organizing activity taking place with respect to any
of the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. None of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability or obligation
under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or similar state law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied. The hours worked
and payments made to employees of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any
other applicable legal requirements, except to the extent such violations could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All material payments due from any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries on account of wages and employee
health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of Comtech, except where the failure
to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

-103-

4.20. [Reserved].

4.21. Leases.
Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession under all leases material to their business and to which
they are parties or under which they are operating, and, subject to Permitted Protests, all of such material leases are valid and subsisting
and no material default by the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiaries exists under any of them.

4.22. [Reserved].

4.23. [Reserved].

4.24. Location
of Inventory. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.24, the Inventory of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries is not stored
with a bailee, warehouseman, or similar party and is located only at, or in-transit between, the locations identified on Schedule 4.24
to this Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated pursuant to Section 5.14).

4.25. Inventory
Records. Each Loan Party keeps correct and accurate records itemizing and describing the type, quality, and quantity of its and
its Subsidiaries' Inventory and the book value thereof.

4.26. [Reserved].

4.27. Hedge
Agreements. On each date that any Hedge Agreement is executed by any Hedge Provider, Borrower and each other Loan Party satisfy
all eligibility, suitability and other requirements under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1, et seq., as in effect from time
to time) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulations.

4.28. Material
Contracts. Set forth on Schedule 4.28 (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time in accordance herewith) is a list
of the Material Contracts of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries as of the most recent date on which Comtech provided the Compliance
Certificate pursuant to Section 5.1; provided, that Borrowers may amend Schedule 4.28 to add additional Material
Contracts so long as such amendment occurs by written notice to Agent (with a copy to Revolving Agent) on the date that Comtech provides
the Compliance Certificate. Except for matters which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, each Material Contract (other than those that have expired at the end of their normal terms) (a) is
in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiary and, to each Loan Party's
knowledge, each other Person that is a party thereto in accordance with its terms, (b) has not been otherwise amended or modified
(other than amendments or modifications permitted by Section 6.6(b)), and (c) is not in default due to the action or
inaction of the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiary.

4.29. Non-Loan
Party Subsidiaries. No Subsidiary of Comtech that is not a Loan Party owns, or has an exclusive license to use, any Intellectual
Property that is material to the business of the Loan Parties.

4.30. Centre
of Main Interests. The "centre of main interest" (as that term is used in the Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006)
of each UK Loan Party is situated in its jurisdiction of incorporation and none of them have an "establishment" (as that term
is used in the Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006) in any other jurisdiction.

-104-

5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.

Each Borrower covenants and
agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments and payment in full of the Obligations:

5.1. Financial
Statements, Reports, Certificates. Borrowers (a) will deliver to Agent (with a copy to Revolving Agent), for distribution
to each Lender, each of the financial statements, reports, and other items set forth on Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement no later
than the times specified therein, (b) agree that no Subsidiary of a Loan Party will have a fiscal year different from that of Comtech,
(c) agree to maintain a system of accounting that enables Borrowers to produce financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and
(d) agree that they will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, (i) keep a reporting system that shows all additions, sales,
claims, returns, and allowances with respect to their and their Subsidiaries' sales, and (ii) maintain their billing systems and
practices substantially as in effect as of the Closing Date and shall only make material modifications thereto with notice to Agent and
Revolving Agent.

5.2. Reporting.
Borrowers will deliver to Agent, for distribution to each Lender, each of the reports set forth on Schedule 5.2 to this Agreement
at the times specified therein.

5.3. Existence.
Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.3 or Section 6.4, each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect such Person's valid existence and good standing in its jurisdiction
of organization and, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, good standing with respect to
all other jurisdictions in which it is qualified to do business and any rights, franchises, permits, licenses, accreditations, authorizations,
or other approvals material to their businesses.

5.4. Maintenance
of Properties. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain and preserve all of its assets that
are necessary for the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear, tear, casualty, and condemnation
and Permitted Dispositions excepted.

5.5. Taxes.
Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its Tax liabilities, before the same shall become delinquent or
in default, except where (i) such Tax is the subject of a Permitted Protest or (ii) the failure to pay such Tax would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

5.6. Insurance.

(a) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at Borrowers' expense, maintain insurance respecting each of each Loan Party's
and its Subsidiaries' assets wherever located, covering liabilities, losses or damages as are customarily insured against by other Persons
engaged in same or similar businesses and similarly situated and located. All such policies of insurance shall be with financially sound
and reputable insurance companies reasonably acceptable to Agent (it being agreed that, as of the Closing Date, the Loan Parties' existing
insurance providers as set forth in the certificates of insurance delivered to Agent on or about the Closing Date shall be deemed to be
reasonably acceptable to Agent) and in such amounts as is carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in
similar businesses similarly situated and located and, in any event, in amount, adequacy, and scope reasonably satisfactory to Agent (it
being agreed that the amount, adequacy, and scope of the policies of insurance of Borrowers in effect as of the Closing Date are acceptable
to Agent). All property insurance policies are to be made payable to Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, as their interests
may appear, in case of loss, pursuant to a standard lender's loss payable endorsement with a standard non-contributory "lender"
or "secured party" clause and are to contain such other provisions as Agent may reasonably require to fully protect the Lenders'
interest in the Collateral and to any payments to be made under such policies. All certificates of property and general liability insurance
are to be delivered to Agent, with the lender's loss payable and additional insured endorsements in favor of Agent and shall provide for
such insurer to provide not less than thirty days (ten days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to Agent of the exercise
of any right of cancellation. If any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries fails to maintain such insurance, Agent may arrange for such insurance,
but at Borrowers' expense and without any responsibility on Agent's part for obtaining the insurance, the solvency of the insurance companies,
the adequacy of the coverage, or the collection of claims.

-105-

(b) If
at any time the area in which any Real Property that is subject to a Mortgage is located is designated a "flood hazard area"
in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), obtain flood insurance
in such total amount and on terms that are satisfactory to Agent and all Lenders from time to time, and otherwise comply with the Flood
Laws or as is otherwise satisfactory to Agent and all Lenders.

5.7. Inspection.

(a) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit Agent, Revolving Agent, and their respective duly authorized representatives
or agents to visit any of its properties and inspect any of its assets or books and records, to examine and make copies of its books and
records, and to discuss its affairs, finances, and accounts with, and to be advised as to the same by, its officers and employees (provided,
that an authorized representative of Borrowers shall be allowed to be present) at such times and intervals as Agent or Revolving Agent,
as applicable, may reasonably designate (but so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (x) not more than twice
per Fiscal Yearfiscal
year of the Borrower and (y) each inspection after the first per Fiscal Yearfiscal
year of the Borrower shall be at Agent's expense) and, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
with reasonable prior notice to Borrowers and during regular business hours, at Borrowers' expense, subject to the limitations set forth
below in Section 5.7(c). The Loan Parties shall have the right to have a representative present at any and all inspections.

(b) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit Agent, Revolving Agent, and each of their respective duly authorized
representatives or agents to conduct field examinations, appraisals or valuations at such reasonable times and intervals as Agent or Revolving
Agent, as applicable, may designate (but so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, not more than twice per Fiscal
Yearfiscal year of the Borrower), at Borrowers'
expense, subject to the limitations set forth below in Section 5.7(c). The Loan Parties shall have the right to have a representative
present at any and all field examinations, appraisals or valuations.

-106-

(c) So
long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing during a calendar year, Borrowers shall not be obligated to reimburse
Agent and Revolving Agent for any field examinations, financial examinations, appraisals or valuations.

5.8. Compliance
with Laws. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with the requirements of all applicable laws,
rules, regulations, and orders of any Governmental Authority, other than laws, rules, regulations, and orders the non-compliance with
which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

5.9. Environmental.

Except as would not, in each case, be
material to any Loan Party:

(a) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep any property either owned or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries
free of any Environmental Liens or post bonds or other financial assurances sufficient to satisfy the obligations or liability evidenced
by such Environmental Liens.

(b) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, ensure that the Real Property, to the extent controlled by any Loan Party,
and all operations and businesses conducted by any Loan Party thereon remains in material compliance with all Environmental Laws and such
Loan Party will not, and will cause its Subsidiaries not to, place or permit to be placed any Hazardous Materials on any Real Property
except as permitted by applicable law or appropriate Governmental Authorities.

(c) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) employ in connection with the use of any Real Property appropriate
technology necessary to maintain material compliance with any applicable Environmental Laws and (ii) dispose of any and all Hazardous
Materials generated at the Real Property only at facilities and with carriers that maintain valid permits under any applicable Environmental
Laws. The Loan Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to, use reasonable best efforts to obtain certificates of
disposal, such as hazardous waste manifest receipts, from all treatment, transport, storage or disposal facilities or operators employed
by such Loan Parties or their respective Subsidiaries in connection with the transport or disposal of any Hazardous Materials generated
at any Real Property.

(d) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, promptly notify Agent of any Release of which any Loan Party has knowledge
of a Hazardous Material in any reportable quantity from or onto any Real Property owned or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries
and take any Remedial Actions required of such Loan Party to abate said release or otherwise to come into compliance, in all material
respects, with applicable Environmental Law.

(e) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, promptly, but in any event within five (5) Business Days of its receipt
thereof, provide Agent with written notice of any of the following: (i) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against
any of the real or personal property of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (ii) commencement of any Environmental Action or written
notice that an Environmental Action will be filed against a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and (iii) written notice of a violation,
citation, or other administrative order from a Governmental Authority.

-107-

(f) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, promptly forward to Agent copies of any request for information, notification
of potential liability, demand letter relating to potential responsibility with respect to the investigation or cleanup of Hazardous Materials
at any other site owned, operated or used by the Loan Parties and/or their respective Subsidiaries to dispose of Hazardous Materials and
shall continue to forward copies of correspondence between the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary, and the Governmental Authority regarding
such claims to Agent until the claim is settled. The Loan Parties shall promptly forward to Agent copies of all documents and reports
concerning any material Release or threat of Release of a reportable quantity of any Hazardous Materials at the Real Property (any such
event being hereinafter referred to as a "Hazardous Discharge") that the Loan Parties and/or their respective Subsidiaries
are required to file under any Environmental Laws. Such information is to be provided solely to allow Agent to protect Agent's security
interest in and Lien on the Real Property and the Collateral.

(g) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Action and take
all necessary Remedial Actions to the extent required by Environmental Laws in order to safeguard the health of any Person and to avoid
subjecting the Collateral or Real Property to any Environmental Lien. If the Loan Parties shall fail to, or fail to cause their respective
Subsidiaries to, respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Action or the Loan Parties shall fail to, or fail to cause
their respective Subsidiaries to, comply with any of the requirements of any Environmental Laws, Agent on behalf of Lenders may, but without
the obligation to do so, for the sole purpose of protecting Agent's interest in the Collateral: (A) give such notices and, if such
Loan Party does not respond in a timely fashion, to (B) enter onto the Real Property (or authorize third parties to enter onto the
Real Property) and take such actions as are required by Environmental Laws or reasonably necessary or advisable, to clean up, remove,
mitigate or otherwise deal with any such Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Action. All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Agent
and Lenders (or such third parties) in the exercise of any such rights, including any sums paid in connection with any judicial or administrative
investigation or proceedings, fines and penalties, together with interest thereon from the date expended at the default rate for Base
Rate Loans shall be paid upon demand by the Loan Parties, and until paid shall be added to and become a part of the Obligations secured
by the Liens created by the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement between Agent, any Lender and the Loan Parties.

(h) Promptly
upon the written request of Agent subsequent to a Hazardous Discharge, the Loan Parties shall provide Agent, at the Loan Parties' sole
expense, with an environmental site assessment prepared by an environmental engineering firm acceptable in the reasonable opinion of Agent,
to assess with a reasonable degree of certainty the impact of such Hazardous Discharge and the potential costs in connection with any
abatement, cleanup and removal of such Hazardous Discharge. Any report or investigation of such Hazardous Discharge proposed and acceptable
to an appropriate Governmental Authority that is charged to oversee the clean-up of such Hazardous Discharge shall be reasonably acceptable
to Agent. If such estimates, individually or in the aggregate, exceed $1,000,000, Agent shall have the right to require Loan Parties to
post a bond, letter of credit or other security reasonably satisfactory to Agent to secure payment of these costs and expenses.

-108-

(i) The
Loan Parties shall defend and indemnify each Indemnified Person harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage and expense, claims,
costs, fines and penalties, including attorney's fees, suffered or incurred by Agent or Lenders under or on account of any Environmental
Laws, including the assertion of any Lien thereunder, with respect to any Hazardous Discharge, the presence of any Hazardous Materials
affecting the Real Property, whether or not the same originates or emerges from the Real Property or any contiguous real estate, including
any loss of value of the Real Property as a result of the foregoing except to the extent such loss, liability, damage and expense is attributable
to any Hazardous Discharge resulting from actions on the part of Agent or any Lender or otherwise arises out of the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of Agent or any Lender. The Loan Parties' obligations under this Section 5.9(j) shall arise upon the
discovery of the presence of any Hazardous Materials at the Real Property, whether or not any federal, state, provincial, territorial
or local environmental agency has taken or threatened any action in connection with the presence of any Hazardous Materials. The Loan
Parties' obligation and the indemnifications hereunder shall survive the termination of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, this
clause (j) shall be supplemental to the provisions of Section 10.3.

(j) For
purposes of Section 4.11 and 5.9, all references to Real Property shall be deemed to include all of Loan Parties' and
their respective Subsidiaries' right, title and interest in and to its owned and leased premises.

5.10. Disclosure
Updates. Each Loan Party will, promptly and in no event later than five (5) Business Days after obtaining knowledge thereof,
notify Agent if any written information, exhibit, or report furnished to Agent or the Lenders contained, at the time it was furnished,
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading
in light of the circumstances in which made. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, any notification pursuant to the foregoing
provision will not cure or remedy the effect of the prior untrue statement of a material fact or omission of any material fact nor shall
any such notification have the effect of amending or modifying this Agreement or any of the Schedules hereto.

-109-

5.11. Formation
of Subsidiaries. Each Loan Party will, at the time that any Loan Party forms any direct or indirect Subsidiary, or acquires any
direct or indirect Subsidiary after the Closing Date, within forty-five (45) days (or in the case of Mortgages and related items, sixty
(60) days) following such event (or such later date as permitted by Agent in its sole discretion) (a) cause such new Subsidiary (i) if
such Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary and Administrative Borrower requests, subject to the consent of Agent, that such Domestic Subsidiary
be joined as a Borrower hereunder, to provide to Agent a Joinder to this Agreement, and (ii) if such Subsidiary is (A) a Domestic
Subsidiary that is not a CFC Holdco or a Subsidiary of a CFC or (B) a Designated Foreign Guarantor, to provide to Agent a joinder
to the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement, a Canadian Deed of Hypothec or a deed of accession
to the UK Debenture (as applicable), in each case, together with such other security agreements (including Mortgages with respect to any
Real Property owned in fee of such new Subsidiary with a fair market value of greater than $2,500,000), as well as appropriate financing
statements (and with respect to all property subject to a Mortgage, fixture filings), all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent (including being sufficient to grant Agent a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in and to the assets of such newly
formed or acquired Subsidiary); (b) provide, or cause the applicable Loan Party to provide, to Agent a pledge agreement (or an addendum
to the Guaranty and Security Agreement and/or any Canadian Deed of Hypothec or Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement, as applicable)
and appropriate certificates and powers or financing statements, pledging all of the direct or beneficial ownership interest in such new
Subsidiary in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent (which pledge, if reasonably requested by Agent, shall be governed by
the laws of the jurisdiction of such Subsidiary); and (c) provide to Agent all other documentation, including the Governing Documents
of such Subsidiary and one or more opinions of counsel reasonably satisfactory to Agent, which, in its opinion, is reasonably appropriate
with respect to the execution and delivery of the applicable documentation referred to above (including policies of title insurance, flood
certification documentation or other documentation with respect to all Real Property owned in fee and subject to a mortgage). Any
document, agreement, or instrument (other than any legal opinion) executed or issued pursuant to this Section 5.11 shall constitute
a Loan Document.

5.12. Further
Assurances. The Borrowers will, and will cause each of the other Loan Parties to, at any time upon the reasonable request of Agent,
execute or deliver to Agent any and all financing statements, fixture filings, security agreements, Canadian Deeds of Hypothec, pledges,
assignments, mortgages, deeds of trust, customary opinions of counsel, and all other documents (which in the case of a UK Loan Party shall
be limited to a UK Debenture or accession deed thereto, associated opinions of counsel and any documentation required by the terms of
the UK Debenture) (the "Additional Documents") that Agent may reasonably request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent, to create, perfect, and continue perfected or to better perfect Agent's Liens in all of the assets of each of the Loan Parties
(whether now owned or hereafter arising or acquired, tangible or intangible, real or personal) (other than any assets expressly excluded
from the Collateral (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement) pursuant to Section 3
of the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement, as applicable), to create and perfect Liens in
favor of Agent in any Real Property owned in fee acquired by any other Loan Party with a fair market value in excess of $2,500,000, and
in order to fully consummate all of the transactions contemplated hereby and under the other Loan Documents; provided, that the
foregoing shall not apply to any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is a CFC if providing such documents would result in material adverse
tax consequences or the costs to the Loan Parties of providing such documents are unreasonably excessive (as determined by Agent) in relation
to the benefits to Agent and the Lenders of the security afforded thereby. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, if any Borrower
or any other Loan Party refuses or fails to execute or deliver any reasonably requested Additional Documents within a reasonable period
of time not to exceed thirty (30) Business Days following the request to do so, each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby authorizes
Agent to execute any such Additional Documents in the applicable Loan Party's name and authorizes Agent to file such executed Additional
Documents in any appropriate filing office. In furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the foregoing, each Loan Party shall take such
actions as Agent may reasonably request from time to time to ensure that the Obligations are guaranteed by the Guarantors and are secured
by substantially all of the assets of the Loan Parties, including all of the outstanding capital Equity Interests of Comtech's Subsidiaries
(in each case, other than with respect to any assets expressly excluded from the Collateral (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement
or the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement) pursuant to Section 3 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Canadian Guarantee
and Security Agreement, as applicable). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including Section 5.11
hereof and this Section 5.12) or in any other Loan Document, (x) Agent shall not accept delivery of any Mortgage from
any Loan Party unless each of the Lenders has received 45 days prior written notice thereof and Agent has received confirmation from each
Lender that such Lender has completed its flood insurance diligence, has received copies of all flood insurance documentation and has
confirmed that flood insurance compliance has been completed as required by the Flood Laws or as otherwise satisfactory to such Lender
and (y) Agent shall not accept delivery of any joinder to any Loan Document with respect to any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that
is not a Loan Party, if such Subsidiary that qualifies as a "legal entity customer" under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation
unless such Subsidiary has delivered a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Subsidiary and Agent has completed its Patriot
Act searches, OFAC/PEP searches and customary individual background checks for such Subsidiary, the results of which shall be satisfactory
to Agent; provided, that, if completion of the obligations of the Loan Parties under Section 5.11 or this Section 5.12
are delayed solely as a result of (1) one or more Lenders' failure to confirm its satisfaction with flood insurance compliance or
(2) Agent's failure to complete its Patriot Act searches, OFAC/PEP searches and customary individual background checks required in
connection with any joinder, in each case, despite receiving all requested information from the Loan Parties necessary to complete such
steps at least 10 days prior to the applicable due date for completion of such obligation under Section 5.11 or this Section 5.12,
then, the applicable due date therefore shall be automatically extended until such Lender or Agent completes the items referred to in
the foregoing clauses (1) or (2).

-110-

5.13. Lender
Meetings; Board Materials; Board Observation Rights.

(a) Comtech
will, no more than once each fiscal quarter, at the request of Agent or of the Required Lenders and upon reasonable prior notice, hold
a meeting (at a mutually agreeable location and time which may be by video conference or conference call) with all Lenders who choose
to attend such meeting at which meeting shall be reviewed the financial results of the previous fiscal year and of the previous fiscal
quarter and the financial condition of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and the projections presented for the current fiscal year
of Comtech.

(b) Agent
and Revolving Agent shall have the right to receive any material formal documentation provided to the members of the Board of Directors
or any similar group performing an executive oversight or similar function (or any relevant committee thereof) of Comtech and any of its
respective Subsidiaries promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the occurrence of each meeting of the Board
of Directors or any similar group performing an executive oversight or similar function (or any relevant committee thereof) (regular or
special and whether telephonic or otherwise), and Agent and Revolving Agent shall keep such materials and information confidential in
accordance with Section 17.9; provided that in connection with the foregoing, Comtech will not be required to provide
information or documentation to the extent that (i) the provision thereof would violate any law, rule or regulation or any obligation
of confidentiality owing to a third party binding on Comtech or its Affiliates to the extent that such obligation was not entered into
in contemplation of this provision (provided that, Comtech and its Affiliates shall use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid entering
into any such obligation of confidentiality owing to a third party), or (ii) the exclusion is necessary to preserve attorney-client
privilege between Comtech and its counsel, in each case, in the reasonable determination of Comtech's counsel.

-111-

(c) During
any Board Observation Period, Agent shall be entitled to designate one observer (the "Board Observer") to attend any
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries (or, in each case, any relevant committees thereof) (a
"BOD Meeting"), except that the Board Observer shall not be entitled to vote on matters presented to or discussed by
the Board of Directors (or any relevant committee thereof) of Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries at any such meetings. The Board Observer
may be excluded from any portion of any BOD Meeting to the extent such exclusion is necessary to (i) avoid violation of any law,
rule or regulation or any obligation of confidentiality owing to a third party binding on Comtech or its Affiliates to the extent
that such obligation was not entered into in contemplation of this provision (provided that, Comtech and its Affiliates shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to avoid entering into any such obligation of confidentiality owing to a third party), or (ii) preserve attorney-client
privilege between Comtech and its counsel, in each case, in the reasonable determination of Comtech's counsel. The Board Observer shall
be timely notified of the time and place of any BOD Meetings (which shall be held no less than once per quarter) and, to the extent provided
to any members of the Board of Directors, will be given written notice of all proposed actions to be taken by the Board of Directors (or
any relevant committee thereof) of Comtech and any of its Subsidiaries at such meeting as if the Board Observer were a member thereof.
Such notice shall describe in reasonable detail the nature and substance of the matters to be discussed and/or voted upon at such meeting
(or the proposed actions to be taken by written consent without a meeting). Borrowers shall reimburse the Board Observer for all reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with its participation in any such BOD Meeting.

5.14. Location
of Inventory; Chief Executive Office. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep (a) their Collateral
only at the locations identified on Schedule 4.24 to this Agreement (provided that Borrowers may amend Schedule 4.24
to this Agreement so long as such amendment occurs by prompt written notice to Agent), and (b) their respective chief executive offices,
registered office and domicile only at the locations identified on Schedule 7 to the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Canadian Guarantee
and Security Agreement, as applicable (provided that any Loan Party may change its chief executive office to a location in the United
States and any Loan Party organized under the laws of Canada or any province thereof may change its chief executive office to a location
in Canada, in each case, provided the Borrower has provided written notice to Agent thereof not less than thirty (30) days prior
to such change). Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
Collateral Access Agreements for each of the locations identified on (i) Schedule 7 to the Guaranty and Security Agreement or
the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement, as applicable, and (ii) Schedule 4.24 to this Agreement where Inventory
with a fair value exceeding $250,000 in the aggregate is held or stored.

5.15. OFAC;
Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to
comply with all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries shall implement
and maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and their respective
directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates with all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this section shall not be made by nor apply to any Person that is registered or created under the laws of Canada or any
province or territory thereof and that carries on business in whole or in part in Canada within the meaning of Section 2 of the Foreign
Extraterritorial Measures (United States) Order, 1992 passed under the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) in so far
as this section would result in a violation of or conflict with the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) or any similar
law.

-112-

5.16. Material
Contracts. Contemporaneously with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 5.1, Borrowers will
provide Agent with copies of (a) each Material Contract entered into since the delivery of the previous Compliance Certificate, and
(b) each material amendment or modification of any Material Contract entered into since the delivery of the previous Compliance Certificate.

5.17. Compliance
with ERISA and the IRC.In addition to and without limiting the generality of Section 5.8, (a) comply in all material
respects with applicable provisions of ERISA and the IRC with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans, (b) without the prior written
consent of Agent and the Required Lenders, not take any action or fail to take action the result of which could result in a Loan Party
or ERISA Affiliate incurring a liability to the PBGC or to a Multiemployer Plan (other than to pay contributions or premiums payable in
the ordinary course) that, in the aggregate, reasonably could be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) allow any facts
or circumstances to exist with respect to one or more Employee Benefit Plans that, in the aggregate, reasonably could be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, (d) [reserved], (e) operate each Employee Benefit Plan in such a manner that will not incur
any material tax liability under the IRC (including Section 4980B of the IRC), and (f) furnish to Agent upon Agent's written
request such additional information about any Employee Benefit Plan for which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate could reasonably expect
to incur any material liability. With respect to each Pension Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) except as could not reasonably be
expected to result in liability to the Loan Parties that would result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Loan Parties and the ERISA Affiliates
shall (i) satisfy in full and in a timely manner, without incurring any late payment or underpayment charge or penalty and without
giving rise to any Lien, all of the contribution and funding requirements of the IRC and of ERISA, and (ii) pay, or cause to be paid,
to the PBGC in a timely manner, without incurring any late payment or underpayment charge or penalty, all premiums required pursuant to
ERISA.

5.18. UK
Pensions. Ensure that no Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof is or has at any time been (a) an employer (for the purposes of
sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (both terms as defined
in the Pension Schemes Act 1993) and which is not fully funded as at the relevant date and such deficit would have a Material Adverse
Effect; or (b) "connected" with or an "associate" of (as those terms are used in sections 38 or 43 of the Pensions
Act 2004) such an employer.

5.19. People
with Significant Control Regime. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof shall (a) within the relevant timeframe, comply
with any notice it receives pursuant to Part 21A of the Companies Act 2006 from any company incorporated in the United Kingdom whose
shares are the subject of a Lien in favor of the Agent, and (b) promptly provide the Agent with a copy of that notice.

-113-

5.20. Financial
Advisor. Within ten (10) Business Days after the election of Agent to require the Loan Parties to engage the Financial Advisor,
Administrative Borrower shall engage the Financial Advisor, on terms and in scope acceptable to Agent pursuant to a written agreement,
which agreement shall be in form and substance acceptable to Agent and shall thereafter not be amended, restated or otherwise modified
without the prior written consent of Agent. The Loan Parties agree to provide full cooperation and access to information, as reasonably
requested by the Financial Advisor, to facilitate performance of the Financial Advisor's duties. All fees, costs and expenses of the Financial
Advisor shall be solely the responsibility of Loan Parties, and in no event will Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender have any liability
or responsibility of any kind with respect to the Financial Advisor (including, without limitation, as to the payment of any of the Financial
Advisor's fees, costs or expenses), and Agent, Revolving Agent and Lenders will not have any obligation or liability of any kind or nature
to Loan Parties, the Financial Advisor or any other Person by reason of any acts or omissions of the Financial Advisor.

5.21. Weekly
Calls. Commencing after engagement of the Financial Advisor, Administrative Borrower shall cause
the Financial Advisor to participate in weekly conference calls with Agent, Revolving Agent and any other advisors requested by either
Agent or Revolving Agent during which the Financial Advisor shall deliver an update on the Loan Parties' liquidity and operations. Such
calls shall be held at a time acceptable to Agent, Revolving Agent and the Financial Advisor.

Administrative
Borrower shall cause the Financial Advisor to participate in weekly conference calls with Administrative Borrower, Agent, Revolving Agent
and any other advisors requested by either Agent or Revolving Agent during which the Financial Advisor and management of the Administrative
Borrower shall deliver updates and reports including but not limited to (a) the Loan Parties' liquidity, (b) the Loan Parties'
most recent 26-week cash flow forecast and variance analysis, including risks to the forecast and updates on the status of significant
accounts receivable, (c) current accounts receivable and payable agings of the Loan Parties including top 20 consolidated accounts
and a report on inventory balances by business and (d) Loan Parties' operations, including managements plans for operational
rationalization, on-going strategic alternatives processes and the financial performance of each business unit. Such calls shall be held
at a time acceptable to Agent, Revolving Agent and the Financial Advisor.

5.22.Independent
Directors. Unless the
outstanding aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan is less than $70,000,000,

(a)No
later than thirty (30) days after the Independent Director Trigger Date (or such later date as Agent may agree to in writing in its sole
discretion) (such date, the Independent Director Interview Date), Administrative Borrower shall have interviewed at least
three candidates selected from a list of independent director candidates mutually agreed upon by Agent and Administrative Borrower (the
Independent Director Candidates) to serve as an independent director on the board of directors of Administrative Borrower.

-114-

(b)No
later than fifteen (15) days after the Independent Director Interview Date (or such later date as Agent may agree to in writing in its
sole discretion), Administrative Borrower shall appoint one of the Independent Director Candidates to the board of directors of Administrative
Borrower; provided however, that if the board of directors of Administrative Borrower has an even number of directors after giving effect
to such appointment, Administrative Borrower shall appoint an additional Independent Director Candidate to the board of directors no later
than fifteen (15) days after the Independent Director Interview Date (or such later date as Agent may agree to in writing in its sole
discretion).

6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS.

Each Borrower covenants and
agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments and the payment in full of the Obligations:

6.1. Indebtedness.
Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, suffer to exist, guarantee, or otherwise
become or remain, directly or indirectly, liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except for Permitted Indebtedness.

6.2. Liens.
Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist, directly or indirectly,
any Lien on or with respect to any of its assets, of any kind, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom,
except for Permitted Liens.

6.3. Restrictions
on Fundamental Changes. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,

(a) Other
than in order to consummate a Permitted Acquisition, enter into any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, reorganization, or recapitalization,
or reclassify its Equity Interests, except for (i) any merger or amalgamation between Loan Parties; provided, that a Borrower
must be the surviving entity of any such merger or amalgamation to which it is a party and no merger may occur between Comtech and any
other Loan Parties, (ii) any merger or amalgamation between a Loan Party and a Subsidiary of such Loan Party that is not a Loan Party
so long as such Loan Party is the surviving entity of any such merger or amalgamation, (iii) any merger or amalgamation between Subsidiaries
of any Loan Party that are not Loan Parties and (iv) any merger, consolidation, reorganization, or recapitalization, or reclassification
of its Equity Interests carried out in order to consummate a Permitted Disposition; provided, that in no event shall any Loan Party
merge or amalgamate with any other Person other than a US Loan Party or other Loan Party organized in the same jurisdiction as such Loan
Party unless, in each case, such Loan Party is the surviving entity,

(b) liquidate,
wind up, or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), except for (i) the liquidation or dissolution of non-operating
Subsidiaries of any Loan Party with nominal assets and nominal liabilities, (ii) the liquidation or dissolution of a Loan Party (other
than any Borrower) or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries (other than any Borrower) so long as all of the assets (including any interest
in any Equity Interests) of such liquidating or dissolving Loan Party or Subsidiary are transferred to a Loan Party that is not liquidating
or dissolving, or (iii) the liquidation or dissolution of a Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party (other than any
such Subsidiary the Equity Interests of which (or any portion thereof) is subject to a Lien in favor of Agent) so long as all of the assets
of such liquidating or dissolving Subsidiary are transferred to a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not liquidating or dissolving, or

-115-

(c) suspend
or cease operating a substantial portion of its or their business, except as permitted pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) above
or in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 6.4.

6.4. Disposal
of Assets. Other than Permitted Dispositions or transactions expressly permitted by Sections 6.3 or 6.9, each Loan
Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, convey, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of
any of its or their assets (including by an allocation of assets among newly divided limited liability companies pursuant to a "plan
of division").

6.5. Nature
of Business. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any change in the nature of its or
their business as described in Schedule 6.5 to this Agreement or acquire any properties or assets that are not reasonably
related to the conduct of such business activities; provided, that the foregoing shall not prevent any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries
from engaging in any business that is reasonably related or ancillary to its or their business.

6.6. Prepayments,
Payments of Certain Indebtedness and Amendments. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,

(a) Except
in connection with Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1,

(i) optionally
prepay, redeem, defease, purchase, or otherwise acquire or satisfy any Indebtedness of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, other than
(A) the Obligations in accordance with this Agreement, or (B) Permitted Intercompany Advances, or

(ii) make
any payment on account of (A) the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt or (B) other Indebtedness that has been contractually
subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations if such payment is not permitted at such time under the subordination terms and conditions.

(b) Directly
or indirectly, amend, modify, or change any of the terms or provisions of:

(i) any
agreement, instrument, document, indenture, or other writing evidencing or concerning Permitted Indebtedness other than (A) the Obligations
in accordance with this Agreement, (B) Permitted Intercompany Advances, (C) Indebtedness permitted under clauses (c), (h), (j) and
(k) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, and (D) the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt to the extent expressly permitted
by the Specified Preferred Subordination Agreement,

(ii) the
Governing Documents of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries if the effect thereof, either individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders,

-116-

(iii) the
Specified Preferred Equity Documents if the effect thereof could reasonably be expected to be adverse in any material respect to the interests
of the Lenders, or

(iv) any
Material Contract except to the extent that such amendment, modification, or change would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders.

6.7. Restricted
Payments. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Restricted Payment; provided,
that so long as it is permitted by law,

(a) so
long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries
may make distributions to Comtech for the sole purpose of allowing Comtech to, and Comtech shall use the proceeds thereof solely to make
distributions to former employees, officers, or directors of Comtech (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing)
on account of redemptions of Equity Interests of Comtech held by such Persons; provided, that the aggregate amount of such redemptions
made by Comtech during the term of this Agreement plus the amount of Indebtedness outstanding under clause (l) of the definition
of Permitted Indebtedness, does not exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate,

(b) so
long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, Comtech may make distributions
to former employees, officers, or directors of Comtech (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing), solely in the
form of forgiveness of Indebtedness of such Persons owing to Comtech on account of repurchases of the Equity Interests of Comtech held
by such Persons; provided, that such Indebtedness was incurred by such Persons solely to acquire Equity Interests of Comtech,

(c) Comtech's
Subsidiaries may make distributions to Comtech (i) in an amount sufficient to pay franchise taxes and other fees required to maintain
the legal existence of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries to the extent actually used by Comtech to pay such taxes, costs and expenses,
and (ii) in an amount sufficient to pay out-of-pocket legal, accounting and filing costs and other expenses in the nature of overhead
in the ordinary course of business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, in the case of clause (ii) in an aggregate amount
not to exceed $1,000,000 in any fiscal year,

(d) Comtech
may make Restricted Payments consisting of in-kind dividends in respect of the Specified Preferred Equity made in accordance with Section 5
of the Specified Preferred Equity COD,

(e) Solely
during the period prior to the first anniversary of this Agreement, Comtech may make distributions to former and current employees, officers,
or directors of Comtech (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) on account of redemptions of Equity Interests
of Comtech held by such Persons in an amount sufficient to pay taxes arising from the from the sale by such Persons of such Equity Interests
so long as (A) no Default of Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, and (B) Qualified Cash
is at least $20,000,000, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such distribution; provided, that the aggregate
amount of such distributions does not exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate,

-117-

(f) any
Subsidiary may declare and pay dividends or make other distributions with respect to its Equity Interests, or make other Restricted Payments
in respect of its Equity Interests, in each case ratably to the holders of such Equity Interests (or, if not ratably, on a basis more
favorable to the Loan Parties),

(g) for
any taxable period for which the Borrowers or any of their respective Subsidiaries is a member (or disregarded as an entity that is separate
from such a member for applicable income or similar tax purposes) of a consolidated or similar income or similar tax group of which a
direct or indirect parent of any Borrower (other than Comtech) is the common parent or for which a Borrower (other than Comtech) is treated
as an entity that is disregarded as separate from a corporate parent for applicable income or similar Tax purposes, distributions to its
direct or indirect owner to pay the portion of the income Taxes of such Tax group or such corporate parent, as applicable, that are attributable
to the income of Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, in an amount not to exceed the amount of any U.S. federal, state, local
and/or non-U.S. income Taxes that Borrowers and/or their respective Subsidiaries would have paid for such taxable period had such entities
been a stand-alone corporate taxpayer or a stand-alone corporate group, provided that Comtech shall not be permitted to make any such
distributions, and

(h) Comtech
may make any Restricted Payments so long as (A) no Default of Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom,
(B) Liquidity is at least $35,000,000 (with at least $20,000,000 of Availability), calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect
to such Restricted Payment, and (C) the Net Leverage Ratio (as of the last day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters
of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Schedule 5.1(a) or 5.1(e)) is
less than 1.75 to 1.00, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payment.

6.8. Accounting
Methods. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, modify or change its fiscal year or its method
of accounting (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP).

6.9. Investments.
Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make or acquire any Investment or incur
any liabilities (including contingent obligations) for or in connection with any Investment except for Permitted Investments.

6.10. Transactions
with Affiliates. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into
or permit to exist any transaction with any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries except for:

(a) transactions
(other than the payment of management, consulting, monitoring, or advisory fees) between such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and any Affiliate of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, so long as such transactions (i) are fully disclosed
to Agent and Revolving Agent prior to the consummation thereof, if they involve one or more payments by such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries
in excess of $2,000,000 for any single transaction or series of related transactions, and (ii) are no less favorable, taken as a
whole, to such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, than would be obtained in an arm's length transaction with a non-Affiliate,

-118-

(b) any
indemnity provided for the benefit of directors (or comparable managers) of a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries so long as it has
been approved by such Loan Party's or such Subsidiary's board of directors (or comparable governing body) in accordance with applicable
law,

(c) the
payment of reasonable compensation, severance, or employee benefit arrangements to employees, officers, and outside directors (or similar
governing body) of a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and consistent with industry practice so
long as it has been approved by such Loan Party's or such Subsidiary's board of directors (or comparable governing body) in accordance
with applicable law,

(d) (i) transactions
solely among the Loan Parties, and (ii) transactions solely among Subsidiaries of Loan Parties that are not Loan Parties,

(e) transactions
with Permitted Holders pursuant to any agreement or arrangement set forth in (i) the Specified Preferred Equity Documents (including
the issuance or exchange of additional Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) thereunder), and (ii) the Specified
Preferred Subordinated Debt Documents,

(f) transactions
permitted by Section 6.3, Section 6.7, or Section 6.9,

(g) agreements
for the non-exclusive licensing of Intellectual Property, or distribution of products, in each case, among the Loan Parties and their
Subsidiaries for the purpose of the counterparty thereof operating its business, and agreements for the assignment of Intellectual Property
from any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to any Loan Party,

(h) the
entering into of any Tax sharing agreement by or among entities that are members of the same consolidated, combined, unitary or similar
tax group, provided that payments thereunder are not restricted by Section 6.7, and

(i) issuances
of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise to employees, officers or directors of the Loan Parties
or their Subsidiaries pursuant to, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans held by such employees officers or directors
and not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement.

6.11. Use
of Proceeds. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of any Loan made hereunder
for any purpose other than (a) on the Closing Date, (i) to repay, in full, the outstanding principal, accrued interest, and
accrued fees and expenses owing under or in connection with the Existing Credit Facility and (ii) to pay the fees, costs, and expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, in each case,
as set forth in the Disbursement Letter, and (b) any other time after the Closing Date, consistent with the terms and conditions
hereof, for their lawful and permitted purposes; provided that (w) no part of the proceeds of a Borrowing of Revolving Loans
will be directly used to make any optional or mandatory prepayment on the Term Loan, (x) no part of the proceeds of the Loans will
be used to purchase or carry any such Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such Margin
Stock or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors, (y) no part of the proceeds
of any Loan will be used, directly or, knowingly, indirectly, to make any payments to a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to fund
any investments, loans or contributions in, or otherwise make such proceeds available to, a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person,
to fund any operations, activities or business of a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, or in any other manner that would result
in a violation of Sanctions by any Person, and (z) that no part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, directly or, knowingly,
indirectly, in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else
of value, to any Person in violation of any Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this section shall not be made by nor apply to any Person that is registered or created under the laws of Canada or any province or territory
thereof and that carries on business in whole or in part in Canada within the meaning of Section 2 of the Foreign Extraterritorial
Measures (United States) Order, 1992 passed under the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) in so far as this section
would result in a violation of or conflict with the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) or any similar law.

-119-

6.12. Limitation
on Issuance of Equity Interests. Except for the issuance or sale of Qualified Equity Interests by Comtech, each Borrower will
not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue or sell any of its Equity Interests (other than (a) Equity Interests issued
by a Subsidiary of a Loan Party to its direct parent company or (b) Equity Interests issued by a joint venture or other non-wholly-owned
Subsidiary pursuant to a transaction with respect to such Equity Interests permitted by Section 6.4 or Section 6.9).

6.13. Inventory
with Bailees. Each Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, store its Inventory at any time with a bailee,
warehouseman, or similar party except as set forth on Schedule 4.24 (as such Schedule may be amended in accordance with Section 5.14).

6.14. Sale
Leaseback Transactions. Each Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or
indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes
as the property sold or transferred, except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by any Borrower or any Subsidiary that is
made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 180 days
after such Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset; provided that, if
such sale and leaseback results in a Capitalized Lease Obligation, such Capitalized Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.1
and any Lien made the subject of such Capitalized Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.2.

6.15. Employee
Benefits. Each Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,

(a) Terminate,
or permit any ERISA Affiliate to terminate, any Pension Plan in a manner, or take any other action with respect to any Pension Plan, which
could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate to the PBGC.

(b) [Reserved].

-120-

(c) Permit
to exist, or allow any ERISA Affiliate to permit to exist, any accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of Section 302 of
ERISA or Section 412 of the IRC, whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan or all Pension Plans in the aggregate, that
in either case would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) [Reserved].

(e) Contribute
to or assume an obligation to contribute to, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to,
any Multiemployer Plan not set forth on Schedule 4.10 without advance notice to the Agent.

(f) Amend,
or permit any ERISA Affiliate to amend, a Pension Plan resulting in a material increase in current liability such that a Loan Party or
ERISA Affiliate is required to provide security to such Pension Plan under the IRC that would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

6.16. Non-Loan
Party Subsidiaries. Each Borrower will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties to own,
or have an exclusive license to use, any Intellectual Property that is material to the business of the Loan Parties.

6.17. Canadian
Pension Matters. Each Borrower will not permit any Canadian Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries organized under the federal
laws of Canada or any province or territory thereto to:

(a) maintain,
sponsor, administer, contribute to, participate in or assume or incur any liability in respect of any Canadian Defined Benefit Pension
Plan or amalgamate with any Person if such Person, sponsors, administers, contributes to, participates in or has any liability in respect
of, any Canadian Defined Benefit Pension Plan; or

(b) terminate
any Canadian Pension Plan in a manner, or take any other action with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan, which could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

6.18. Anti-Layering.
Neither Comtech nor any Subsidiary of Comtech will create or incur any Indebtedness which is subordinated or junior in right of payment
to any other Indebtedness of the Loan Parties, unless such Indebtedness is also subordinated or junior in right of payment, in the same
manner and to the same extent, to the Obligations.

6.19. Tax
Classification. No Loan Party shall, without the Agent's prior consent, change its classification for U.S. federal income tax
purposes (e.g., C corporation, partnership, disregarded entity, etc.) if such change would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

7. FINANCIAL COVENANTS.

Each Borrower covenants and
agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments and the payment in full of the Obligations, Borrowers will:

-121-

(a) Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio. Have a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, measured on a quarter-end basis, of at least the required amount set forth
in the following table for the applicable period set forth opposite thereto:

Applicable Ratio Applicable Period

1.20:1.0 For the 4 quarter period ending January 31, 2025

1.25:1.0 For the 4 quarter period ending April 30October 31, 2025, and for the 4 quarter period ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter through the 4 quarter period ending April 30, 2026

1.30:1.0 For the 4 quarter period ending July 31, 2026, and for the 4 quarter period ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter through the 4 quarter period ending April 30, 2027

1.35:1.0 For the 4 quarter period ending July 31, 2027, and for the 4 quarter period ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter

(b) Net
Leverage Ratio. Have a Net Leverage Ratio, measured on a quarter-end basis, of not greater than the applicable ratio set forth in
the following table for the applicable date set forth opposite thereto:

Applicable Ratio Applicable Date

3.25:1.0 January 31, 2025

3.25:1.0 April 30, 2025

3.15:1.0 July 31, 2025

3.15:1.0 October 31, 2025

3.00:1.0 January 31, 2026

3.00:1.0 April 30, 2026

2.90:1.0 July 31, 2026

2.90:1.0 October 31, 2026

2.75:1.0 January 31, 2027

2.75:1.0 April 30, 2027

2.65:1.0 July 31, 2027, and the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter

-122-

(c) Minimum
EBITDA. Maintain TTM EBITDA, measured on a quarter-end basis, of at least the required amount set forth in the following table for
the applicable period set forth opposite thereto:

Applicable Amount Applicable Period

$35,000,000 For the 4 quarter period ending October 31, 2025, and for the 4 quarter period ending January 31, 2026

$37,500,000 For the 4 quarter period ending April 30, 2026, and for the 4 quarter period ending July 31, 2026

$40,000,000 For the 4 quarter period ending October 31, 2026, and for the 4 quarter period ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter

(d) Minimum
Average Liquidity. Maintain Average Liquidity for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter period, measured on the last day of each
fiscal quarter for such fiscal quarter, of at least $20,000,00017,500,000.

8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

Any one or more of the following
events shall constitute an event of default (each, an "Event of Default") under this Agreement:

8.1. Payments.
If Borrowers fail to pay when due and payable, or when declared due and payable, (a) all or any portion of the Obligations consisting
of interest, fees, or charges due the Lender Group, reimbursement of Lender Group Expenses, or other amounts (other than any portion thereof
constituting principal) constituting Obligations (including any portion thereof that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding,
regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), and such failure continues
for a period of three (3) Business Days, or (b) all or any portion of the principal of the Loans;

8.2. Covenants.
If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries:

(a) fails
to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of (i) Sections 3.6, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3
(solely if Comtech or any other Loan Party is not in existence or good standing in its jurisdiction of organization, as applicable), 5.6,
5.7 (solely if Comtech or any other Borrower refuses to allow Agent, Revolving Agent or their respective representatives or agents
to visit its respective properties, inspect its assets or books or records, examine and make copies of its books and records, or discuss
its affairs, finances, and accounts with officers and employees of any Borrower), 5.8, 5.10, 5.11, 5.13, 5.14,
5.15, 5.17, 5.20 or,5.21or 5.22 of this Agreement, (ii) Section 6
of this Agreement, (iii) Section 7 of this Agreement, (iv) Section 7 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement or (v) Section 7
of the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement;

-123-

(b) fails
to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of Sections 5.3 (other than if Comtech or any other Loan
Party is not in existence or good standing in its jurisdiction of organization, as applicable), 5.4, 5.5, 5.12, 5.16,
5.18 or 5.19 of this Agreement and such failure continues for a period of fifteen (15) days after the earlier of (i) the
date on which such failure shall first become known to any officer of any Borrower, or (ii) the date on which written notice thereof
is given to Borrowers by Agent; or

(c) fails
to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in this Agreement, or in any of the other Loan Documents, in each case,
other than any such covenant or agreement that is the subject of another provision of this Section 8 (in which event such
other provision of this Section 8 shall govern), and such failure continues for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier
of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any officer of any Borrower, or (ii) the date on which written
notice thereof is given to Borrowers by Agent;

8.3. Judgments.
If one or more judgments, orders, or awards for the payment of money involving an aggregate amount of $5,000,000, or more (except to the
extent covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has not denied coverage)
is entered or filed against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or with respect to any of their respective assets, and either (a) there
is a period of thirty (30) consecutive days at any time after the entry of any such judgment, order, or award during which (i) the
same is not discharged, satisfied, vacated, or bonded pending appeal, or (ii) a stay of enforcement thereof is not in effect, or
(b) enforcement proceedings are commenced upon such judgment, order, or award;

8.4. Voluntary
Bankruptcy. If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries; provided, for the avoidance of
doubt, that an Insolvency Proceeding may be commenced for Beijing Comtech EF Data Equipment Repair Service Co., Ltd. after the Closing
Date;

8.5. Involuntary
Bankruptcy. If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any of the following
events occur: (a) such Loan Party or such Subsidiary consents to the institution of such Insolvency Proceeding against it, (b) the
petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not dismissed or stayed within 45 days, (c) in respect of each Loan Party other
than a UK Loan Party, the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not dismissed within sixty calendar days of the date of the
filing thereof, (d) an interim trustee is appointed to take possession of all or any substantial portion of the properties or assets
of, or to operate all or any substantial portion of the business of, such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, or (e) an order for relief
shall have been issued or entered therein; in the case of a UK Loan Party there shall be no Event of Default under this Section 8.5
if the Insolvency Proceeding is a winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14
days of commencement;

-124-

8.6. Default
Under Other Agreements. If there is a default (a) under the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt Documents or (b) in
one or more agreements to which a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party with one or more third Persons relative to a Loan Party's
or any of its Subsidiaries' Indebtedness involving an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or more, and such default under this clause (b) (x) occurs
at the final maturity of the obligations thereunder, or (y) results in a right by such third Person, irrespective of whether exercised,
to accelerate the maturity of such Loan Party's or its Subsidiary's obligations thereunder;

8.7. Representations.
If any warranty, representation, certificate, statement, or Record made herein or in any other Loan Document or delivered in writing to
Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document was untrue in any material respect (except that such
materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality
in the text thereof) as of the date of issuance or making or deemed making thereof;

8.8. Guaranty.
If the obligation of any Guarantor under the guaranty contained in the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Canadian Guarantee and Security
Agreement, as applicable, is limited or terminated by operation of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement) or if any Guarantor repudiates or revokes or purports to repudiate or revoke any such guaranty; provided that in
respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this Event of Default shall be subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements (in each
case, as applicable);

8.9. Security
Documents. If the Guaranty and Security Agreement, the Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement, the Canadian Deed of Hypothec
or any other Loan Document that purports to create a Lien, shall, for any reason, cease to create a valid and perfected and, (except to
the extent of Permitted Liens which are non-consensual Permitted Liens, permitted purchase money Liens or the interests of lessors under
Capital Leases) first priority Lien on any material portion of the Collateral covered thereby, except as a result of (a) a disposition
of the applicable Collateral in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, (b) the release thereof as provided by Section 15.11,
or (c) the Agent's failure to maintain possession of any stock or other equity certificate, promissory note or other instrument delivered
to it under the Collateral Agreement; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this Event of Default shall be
subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements (in each case, as applicable);

8.10. Loan
Documents. The validity or enforceability of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than solely as the result
of an action or failure to act on the part of Agent) be declared to be null and void, or a proceeding shall be commenced by a Loan Party
or its Subsidiaries, or by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, seeking to establish
the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries shall deny that such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries has
any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary,
this Event of Default shall be subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements (in each case, as applicable);

8.11. Change
of Control. A Change of Control shall occur;

-125-

8.12. ERISA.
The occurrence of any of the following events: (a) any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate fails to make full payment when due of all amounts
which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate is required to pay as contributions, installments, or otherwise to or with respect to a Pension
Plan or Multiemployer Plan, and such failure could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Lien on
the assets of any Loan Party under Section 303(k) or Section 4068 of ERISA or Section 430(k) of the IRC, (b) an
accumulated funding deficiency or funding shortfall occurs or exists, whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan, individually
or in the aggregate, that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) a Notification Event, which could
reasonably be expected to result in liability, either individually or in the aggregate, that could reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, a payment liability of any Loan Party in excess of $5,000,000 or result in a Lien on the assets of any Loan
Party under Section 303(k) or Section 4068 of ERISA or Section 430(k) of the IRC, or (d) any Loan Party
or ERISA Affiliate completely or partially withdraws from one or more Multiemployer Plans and incurs Withdrawal Liability that could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or a payment liability of any Loan Party in excess of $5,000,000, or fails to make
any Withdrawal Liability payment when due;

8.13. Senior
Indebtedness. (i) The Obligations for any reason shall cease to constitute "Senior Indebtedness" or "Designated
Senior Indebtedness" (or any comparable terms) under, and as defined in the Specified Preferred Subordinated Debt Documents or
any documents evidencing or governing any subordinated Indebtedness of a Loan Party involving an aggregate outstanding principal amount
of $5,000,000 or more (other than as a result of the action or inaction of Agent or a Lender), or (ii) the subordination provisions
of the Specified Preferred Subordination Agreement or the documents evidencing or governing any subordinated Indebtedness of a Loan Party
involving an aggregate outstanding principal amount of $5,000,000 or more shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective
or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable subordinated Indebtedness (other than in accordance
with their terms);

8.14. Material
Contracts. Any Material Contract is cancelled, terminated, amended, restated or otherwise modified in a manner which has a Material
Adverse Effect; or

8.15. Conduct
of Business. If a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is enjoined, restrained, or in any way prevented by court order from continuing
to conduct all or any material of the business affairs of Comtech and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

9. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.

9.1. Rights
and Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Agent may, and, at the instruction of the
Required Lenders, shall, in addition to any other rights or remedies provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document or by applicable
law, do any one or more of the following:

(a) by
written notice to Administrative Borrower, declare the principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of,
the Loans and all other Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), whether evidenced by this Agreement or by any of the other
Loan Documents to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the same shall become and be immediately due and payable and Borrowers shall
be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full, without presentment, demand, protest, or further notice or other requirements of
any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower;

-126-

(b) by
written notice to Borrowers, declare the Commitments terminated, whereupon the Commitments shall immediately be terminated together with
any obligation of any Lender to make Loans; and

(c) exercise
all other rights and remedies available to Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents, under applicable law, or in equity; provided,
that with respect to any Event of Default resulting solely from failure of Borrowers to comply with the financial covenants set forth
in Section 7, neither Agent nor the Required Lenders may exercise the foregoing remedies in this Section 9.1 until
the date that is the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) Business Days after the day on which financial statements are required to be delivered
for the applicable fiscal quarter, and (ii) the date that Agent receives notice that there will not be a Curative Equity contribution
made for such fiscal quarter.

The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding,
upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.4 or Section 8.5, in addition to the remedies
set forth above, without any notice to Borrowers or any other Person or any act by the Lender Group, the Commitments shall automatically
terminate and the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), inclusive of the principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid
interest and fees in respect of, the Loans and all other Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), whether evidenced by this
Agreement or by any of the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become and be immediately due and payable and Borrowers shall automatically
be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full, without presentment, demand, protest, or notice or other requirements of any kind,
all of which are expressly waived by Borrowers.

9.2. Remedies
Cumulative. The rights and remedies of the Lender Group under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and all other agreements
shall be cumulative. The Lender Group shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided under the Code, the
PPSA, by law, or in equity. No exercise by the Lender Group of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by the Lender
Group of any Default or Event of Default shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by the Lender Group shall constitute a waiver,
election, or acquiescence by it.

9.3. Curative
Equity.

(a) Subject
to the limitations set forth in clauses (d) and (e) below, Borrowers may cure (and shall be deemed to have cured) an Event of
Default arising out of a breach of the financial covenants set forth in Section 7 (the "Specified Financial Covenants")
if they receive the cash proceeds of an investment of Curative Equity on or before the date that is fifteen (15) Business Days after the
date that is the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Compliance Certificate is delivered to Agent in respect of the fiscal
quarter with respect to which any such breach occurred (the "Specified Financial Quarter"), and (ii) the date on
which the Compliance Certificate is required to be delivered to Agent pursuant to Section 5.1 in respect of the Specified
Financial Quarter (such earlier date, the "Financial Statement Delivery Date"); provided, that Borrowers' right
to so cure an Event of Default shall be contingent on their timely delivery of such Compliance Certificate and financial statements for
the Specified Financial Quarter as required under Section 5.1.

-127-

(b) In
connection with a cure of an Event of Default under this Section 9.3, on or before the Financial Statement Delivery Date for
the Specified Financial Quarter, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent a certification of an Authorized Person which contains, or Borrowers
shall include in the Compliance Certificate for the Specified Financial Quarter: (i) an indication that Borrowers will receive proceeds
of Curative Equity for the Specified Financial Quarter and a statement setting forth the anticipated amount of such proceeds, (ii) a
calculation of the financial results or prospective financial results of Borrowers for the Specified Financial Quarter (including for
such purposes the proceeds of the Curative Equity (broken out separately) as deemed EBITDA or Qualified Cash, as applicable, as if received
on the last day of the Specified Financial Quarter), which shall confirm that on a pro forma basis after taking into account the receipt
of the Curative Equity proceeds as if received on the last day of the Specified Financial Quarter, Borrowers would have been or will be
in compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter, (iii) a certification that the full amount
of the cash proceeds of the equity investment made to Comtech in connection with such cure of the Event of Default shall be used to prepay
the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(e)(vi), regardless of whether the amount of such cash proceeds is in excess
of the amount that is sufficient to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial
Quarter, and (iv) a certification that any amount of the cash proceeds of the equity investment in excess of the amount that is sufficient
to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter shall not be included
in the calculation of EBITDA for any fiscal period.

(c) Borrowers
shall promptly notify Agent of its receipt of any proceeds of Curative Equity (and shall immediately apply the full amount of the cash
proceeds of such equity investment to the payment of the Obligations in the manner specified in Section 2.4(e)(vi)).

(d) Any
investment of Curative Equity shall be in immediately available funds and shall be in an amount that is sufficient to cause Borrowers
to be in compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter, calculated on a pro forma basis for such
purpose as if such amount of Curative Equity were additional EBITDA or Qualified Cash, as applicable, of Parent as at the last day of
the Specified Financial Quarter.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, regardless of whether an investment of Curative Equity is made prior to the applicable Financial
Statement Delivery Date, Borrowers' rights under this Section 9.3 may (i) be exercised not more than four times during
the term of this Agreement, (ii) not be exercised more than two times in any four consecutive fiscal quarter period and not more
than once during any two consecutive fiscal quarters. Any Curative Equity shall not exceed the amount necessary, after giving effect thereto,
to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with all of the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter. Regardless of
whether an investment of Curative Equity is made prior to the applicable Financial Statement Delivery Date, any amount of Curative Equity
that is in excess of the amount sufficient to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with all of the Specified Financial Covenants as at
such date shall not constitute Curative Equity.

-128-

(f) If
Borrowers have (i) delivered a certification or a Compliance Certificate conforming to the requirements of Section 9.3(b),
and (ii) received proceeds of an investment of Curative Equity in immediately available funds on or before the deadline set forth
in Section 9.3(a) and in an amount that is sufficient to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with the Specified Financial
Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter, any Event of Default that occurs or has occurred and is continuing as a result of a breach
of the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter shall be deemed cured with no further action required by the
Required Lenders. Prior to satisfaction of the foregoing requirements of this Section 9.3(f), any Event of Default that occurs
or has occurred as a result of a breach of the Specified Financial Covenants shall be deemed to be continuing and, as a result, the Lenders
shall have no obligation to make additional loans or otherwise extend additional credit hereunder. In the event Borrowers do not cure
all financial covenant violations as provided in this Section 9.3, the existing Event(s) of Default shall continue unless
waived in writing by the Required Lenders in accordance herewith.

(g) To
the extent that Curative Equity is received and included in the calculation of the Specified Financial Covenants as deemed EBITDA or Qualified
Cash, as applicable, for any fiscal quarter pursuant to this Section 9.3, such Curative Equity shall be deemed to be EBITDA
or Qualified Cash, as applicable, for purposes of determining compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for subsequent periods
that include such fiscal month. Curative Equity shall be disregarded for purposes of determining EBITDA for any pricing, financial covenant
based conditions or any baskets with respect to the covenants contained in this Agreement. In addition, notwithstanding any mandatory
prepayment of Obligations pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(vi), any Indebtedness so prepaid shall be deemed to remain outstanding
for purposes of determining pro forma or actual compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants or for determining any pricing, financial
covenant based conditions or baskets with respect to the covenants contained in this Agreement, in each case in the Specified Financial
Quarter.

10. WAIVERS; INDEMNIFICATION.

10.1. Demand;
Protest; etc. Each Borrower waives demand, protest, notice of protest, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment,
nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees
at any time held by the Lender Group on which any Borrower may in any way be liable.

10.2. The
Lender Group's Liability for Collateral. Each Borrower hereby agrees that: (a) so long as Agent complies with its obligations,
if any, under the Code and the PPSA, the Lender Group shall not in any way or manner be liable or responsible for: (i) the safekeeping
of the Collateral, (ii) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising in any manner or fashion from any cause, (iii) any diminution
in the value thereof, or (iv) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, forwarding agency, or other Person, and (b) all
risk of loss, damage, or destruction of the Collateral shall be borne by the Loan Parties.

-129-

10.3. Indemnification.
Each Borrower shall pay, indemnify, defend, and hold the Agent-Related Persons, the Lender-Related Persons and each Participant (each,
an "Indemnified Person") harmless (to the fullest extent permitted by law) from and against any and all claims, demands,
suits, actions, investigations, proceedings, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees and disbursements of attorneys, experts, or consultants and all other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith
or in connection with the enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought),
at any time asserted against, imposed upon, or incurred by any of them (a) in connection with or as a result of or related to the
execution and delivery (provided, that Borrowers shall not be liable for costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket attorneys' fees) of any Lender (other than TCW or Wingspire) incurred in advising, structuring, drafting, reviewing, administering
or syndicating the Loan Documents), enforcement, performance, or administration (including any restructuring or workout with respect hereto)
of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the monitoring of Comtech's
and its Subsidiaries' compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents (provided, that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall
not extend to (i) disputes solely between or among the Lenders that do not involve any acts or omissions of any Loan Party, or (ii) disputes
solely between or among the Lenders and their respective Affiliates that do not involve any acts or omissions of any Loan Party; it being
understood and agreed that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall extend to Agent and Revolving Agent (but not the Lenders
unless the dispute involves an act or omission of a Loan Party) relative to disputes between or among Agent and Revolving Lender on the
one hand, and one or more Lenders, or one or more of their Affiliates, on the other hand, or (iii) any claims for Taxes, which shall
be governed by Section 16, other than Taxes which relate to primarily non-Tax claims), (b) with respect to any actual
or prospective investigation, litigation, or proceeding related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the making of any Loans, or
the use of the proceeds of the Loans (irrespective of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto), or any act, omission, event,
or circumstance in any manner related thereto, and (c) in connection with or arising out of any presence or release of Hazardous
Materials at, on, under, to or from any assets or properties owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or
any Environmental Actions, Environmental Liabilities or Remedial Actions related in any way to any such assets or properties of any Loan
Party or any of its Subsidiaries (each and all of the foregoing, the "Indemnified Liabilities"). The foregoing to the
contrary notwithstanding, no Borrower shall have any obligation to any Indemnified Person under this Section 10.3 with respect
to any Indemnified Liability that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of such Indemnified Person or its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, or agents. This provision shall survive the termination
of this Agreement and the repayment in full of the Obligations. If any Indemnified Person makes any payment to any other Indemnified Person
with respect to an Indemnified Liability as to which Borrowers were required to indemnify the Indemnified Person receiving such payment,
the Indemnified Person making such payment is entitled to be indemnified and reimbursed by Borrowers with respect thereto. WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE FOREGOING INDEMNITY SHALL APPLY TO EACH INDEMNIFIED PERSON WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES WHICH IN WHOLE OR IN PART ARE
CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENT ACT OR OMISSION OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON OR OF ANY OTHER PERSON.

11. NOTICES.

Unless otherwise provided in
this Agreement, all notices or demands relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be in writing and (except for financial
statements and other informational documents which may be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid) shall be personally delivered or
sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, electronic mail (at such email addresses
as a party may designate in accordance herewith), or telefacsimile. In the case of notices or demands to any Loan Party or Agent, as the
case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below:

-130-

If to any Loan Party: c/o COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

68 South Service Road, Suite 230

Melville, New York 11747

Attn: Michael A. Bondi, Chief Financial Officer

E-mail: Michael.Bondi@comtech.com

Telephone No.: (631) 962-7106

with copies to (which shall not constitute notice): PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP

1285 Avenue of Americas

New York, New York 10019-6064

Attn: David Tarr, Esq.

E-mail: dtarr@paulweiss.com

Telephone No.: (212) 373-3375

If to Revolving Agent: WINGSPIRE CAPITAL LLC

11720 Amber Park Drive, Suite 500

Alpharetta, Georgia 30009

Attn: Brian Long

E-mail: brian@wingspirecapital.com

Telephone No.: (678) 894-8111

with copies to (which shall not constitute notice): BLANK ROME LLP

717 Texas Avenue, Suite 1400

Houston, Texas 77002

Attn: Cassandra Mott

E-mail: cassandra.mott@blankrome.com

Telephone No.: (713) 632-8693

If to Agent: TCW ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC

1251 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 4700

New York, New York 10020

Attn: Christopher Halajian

E-mail: Christopher.Halajian@tcw.com,

obaid.khan@tcw.com,

tcwservicing@allvuesystems.com and

TCW@alterdomus.com

Telephone No.: (212) 771-4000

-131-

with copies to (which shall not constitute notice): 

ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC

225 West Washington Street, 9th Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60606

Attn: Jacques Kolzow and Legal Department

Email: jacques.kolzow@alterdomus.com and

legal@alterdomus.com

Fax No.: (312) 376-0751

and

GOLDBERG
KOHN LTD.

55 East Monroe Street, Suite 3300

Chicago, Illinois 60603

Attn: Seth Good, Esq.

E-mail: seth.good@goldbergkohn.com

Telephone No.: (312) 863-7138

Fax No.: (312) 863-7838

Any party hereto may change
the address at which they are to receive notices hereunder, by notice in writing in the foregoing manner given to the other party. All
notices or demands sent in accordance with this Section 11, shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual
receipt or three (3) Business Days after the deposit thereof in the mail; provided, that (a) notices sent by overnight
courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received, (b) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when
sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business
on the next Business Day for the recipient) and (c) notices by electronic mail shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt
of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function, as available, return email
or other written acknowledgment).

12. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER.

(a) THE
VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT
OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT), THE CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF AND THEREOF, THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO
AND THERETO WITH RESPECT TO ALL MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES OR
DISPUTES ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

-132-

(b) THE
PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE TRIED AND
LITIGATED ONLY IN THE STATE AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, STATE OF
NEW YORK; PROVIDED, THAT ANY SUIT SEEKING ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE BROUGHT, AT AGENT'S
OR REVOLVING AGENT'S OPTION, IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE AGENT OR REVOLVING AGENT, AS APPLICABLE, ELECTS TO BRING SUCH
ACTION OR WHERE SUCH COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND. EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT EACH MAY HAVE TO ASSERT THE DOCTRINE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS OR TO OBJECT TO VENUE TO THE
EXTENT ANY PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS SECTION 12(b).

(c) TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS, IF
ANY, TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF
THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS,
AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS (EACH A "CLAIM"). EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP REPRESENT
THAT EACH HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER AND EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.
IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.

(d) EACH
BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY
OF NEW YORK AND THE STATE OF NEW YORK, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR FOR RECOGNITION
OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE
AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT
OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT AGENT MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

(e) NO
CLAIM MAY BE MADE BY ANY LOAN PARTY AGAINST AGENT, REVOLVING AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY AFFILIATE, DIRECTOR, OFFICER, EMPLOYEE, COUNSEL,
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT, OR ATTORNEY-IN-FACT OF ANY OF THEM FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
OR LOSSES IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY ACT, OMISSION, OR EVENT OCCURRING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, AND EACH
LOAN PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES, AND AGREES NOT TO SUE UPON ANY CLAIM FOR SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT ACCRUED AND WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN
OR SUSPECTED TO EXIST IN ITS FAVOR.

-133-

13. ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS; SUCCESSORS.

13.1. Assignments
and Participations.

(a) (i) Subject
to the conditions set forth in clause (a)(ii) below, any Lender may assign and delegate all or any portion of its rights and duties
under the Loan Documents (including the Obligations owed to it and its Commitments) to one or more assignees so long as such prospective
assignee is an Eligible Transferee (each, an "Assignee"), with the prior written consent (each such consent not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) of:

(A) Administrative
Borrower; provided, that no consent of Administrative Borrower shall be required (1) if an Event of Default under Sections
8.1, 8.2(a)(i) (solely with respect to Section 5.1), 8.2(a)(iii), 8.4 or 8.5 has occurred
and is continuing or (2) in connection with an assignment to a Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate (other than natural persons)
of a Lender; provided further, that Administrative Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to a proposed assignment unless it
objects thereto by written notice to Agent (with a copy to Revolving Agent with respect to Revolving Loans and Revolver Commitments) within
five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; and

(B) Agent
and, solely in the case of an assignment of Revolving Loans or Revolver Commitments, Revolving Agent; provided, that no such consent
shall be required in connection with an assignment to a Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate (other than natural persons) of a Lender.

(ii) Assignments
shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A) no
assignment may be made to a natural person,

(B) no
assignment may be made to a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party, any Permitted Holder, any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates,
or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons,

(C) the
amount of the Commitments and/or Loans and the other rights and obligations of the assigning Lender hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is
delivered to Agent) shall be in a minimum amount (unless waived by Agent) of $5,000,000 (except such minimum amount shall not apply to
(I) an assignment or delegation by any Lender to any other Lender, an Affiliate of any Lender, or a Related Fund of such Lender,
or (II) a group of new Lenders, each of which is an Affiliate of each other or a Related Fund of such new Lender to the extent that
the aggregate amount to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least $5,000,000),

-134-

(D) each
partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this
Agreement,

(E) the
parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to Agent (and with a copy to Revolving Agent with respect to Revolving Loans and
Revolver Commitments) an Assignment and Acceptance; provided, that Borrowers and Agent may continue to deal solely and directly
with the assigning Lender in connection with the interest so assigned to an Assignee until written notice of such assignment, together
with payment instructions, addresses, and related information with respect to the Assignee, have been given to Borrowers and Agent (and
Revolving Agent if applicable) by such Lender and the Assignee,

(F) unless
waived by Agent, the assigning Lender or Assignee has paid to Agent, for Agent's separate account, a processing fee in the amount of $3,500,
and

(G) the
assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to Agent (and with a copy to Revolving Agent with respect to Revolving Loans and Revolver
Commitments) an Administrative Questionnaire in a form approved by Agent (the "Administrative Questionnaire") and all
information and other documents required under the Patriot Act.

(b) From
and after the date that Agent receives the executed Assignment and Acceptance and, if applicable, payment of the required processing fee,
(i) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to
it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, shall be a "Lender" and shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender under
the Loan Documents, and (ii) the assigning Lender shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights (except with respect to Sections
10.3 and 16) and be released from any future obligations under this Agreement (and in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance
covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto and thereto); provided, that nothing contained herein shall release any assigning
Lender from obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement, including such assigning Lender's obligations under Section 15
and Section 17.9(a).

(c) By
executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender thereunder and the Assignee thereunder confirm to and agree
with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning
Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations
made in or in connection with this Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of
this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto, (ii) such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty
and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or the performance or observance by any Loan Party
of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto, (iii) such Assignee confirms
that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance, (iv) such Assignee will, independently and without
reliance upon Agent, such assigning Lender or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate
at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, (v) such Assignee appoints
and authorizes Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, to take such actions and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents as are delegated to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such
powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, and (vi) such Assignee agrees that it will perform all of the obligations which by the
terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.

-135-

(d) Immediately
upon Agent's receipt of the required processing fee, if applicable, and delivery of notice to the assigning Lender pursuant to Section 13.1(b),
this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to the extent, but only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of the Assignee
and the resulting adjustment of the Commitments arising therefrom. The Commitment allocated to each Assignee shall reduce such Commitments
of the assigning Lender pro tanto.

(e) Any
Lender may at any time sell to one or more commercial banks, financial institutions, or other Persons (a "Participant")
participating interests in all or any portion of its Obligations, its Commitment, and the other rights and interests of that Lender (the
"Originating Lender") hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided, that (i) the Originating Lender
shall remain a "Lender" for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the Participant receiving the participating
interest in the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and interests of the Originating Lender hereunder shall not constitute
a "Lender" hereunder or under the other Loan Documents and the Originating Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain
unchanged, (ii) the Originating Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance of such obligations, (iii) Borrowers,
Agent, Revolving Agent, and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with the Originating Lender in connection with the
Originating Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (iv) no Lender shall transfer or grant
any participating interest under which the Participant has the right to approve any amendment to, or any consent or waiver with respect
to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except to the extent such amendment to, or consent or waiver with respect to this Agreement
or of any other Loan Document would (A) extend the final maturity date of the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is
participating, (B) reduce the interest rate applicable to the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (C) release
all or substantially all of the Collateral or guaranties (except to the extent expressly provided herein or in any of the Loan Documents)
supporting the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (D) postpone the payment of, or reduce the amount
of, the interest or fees payable to such Participant through such Lender (other than a waiver of default interest), or (E) decrease
the amount or postpone the due dates of scheduled principal repayments or prepayments or premiums payable to such Participant through
such Lender, (v) no participation shall be sold to a natural person, (vi) no participation shall be sold to a Loan Party or
an Affiliate of a Loan Party, and (vii) except as otherwise provided below with respect to amounts under Section 16, all amounts
payable by Borrowers hereunder shall be determined as if such Lender had not sold such participation, except that, if amounts outstanding
under this Agreement are due and unpaid, or shall have been declared or shall have become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default, each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of set off in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under
this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement. 
The rights of any Participant only shall be derivative through the Originating Lender with whom such Participant participates and no Participant
shall have any rights under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any direct rights as to the other Lenders, Agent, Revolving
Agent, Borrowers, the Collateral, or otherwise in respect of the Obligations. No Participant shall have the right to participate
directly in the making of decisions by the Lenders among themselves. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled
to the benefits of Section 16 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 16.2
(it being understood that the documentation required under Section 16.2 shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to
the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of Section 16;
provided that such Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 16, with respect
to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive
a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation or the Borrower
has specifically consented to such greater entitlement.

-136-

(f) In
connection with any such assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation or any grant of a security interest in, or
pledge of, its rights under and interest in this Agreement, a Lender may, subject to the provisions of Section 17.9, disclose
all documents and information which it now or hereafter may have relating to any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and their respective
businesses.

(g) Any
other provision in this Agreement notwithstanding, any Lender may at any time create a security interest in, or pledge, all or any portion
of its rights under and interest in this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge in favor of any Federal
Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Federal Reserve Bank or U.S. Treasury Regulation 31 CFR 203.24, and such Federal
Reserve Bank may enforce such pledge or security interest in any manner permitted under applicable law; provided, that no such
pledge shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a
party hereto.

(h) Agent
(with respect to Term Loans and Protective Advances) and Revolving Agent (with respect to Revolving Loans), in each case as a non-fiduciary
agent on behalf of Borrowers, shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, a register (collectively, the "Register") on
which it enters the name and address of each Lender as the registered owner of the applicable Loans (and the principal amount thereof
and stated interest thereon) held by such Lender. Other than in connection with an assignment by a Lender of all or any portion of its
portion of Loans to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender (i) a Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing
the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each registered
note shall expressly so provide) and (ii) any assignment or sale of all or part of such Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing
the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register, together with the surrender of the registered
note, if any, evidencing the same duly endorsed by (or accompanied by a written instrument of assignment or sale duly executed by) the
holder of such registered note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s), one or more new registered
notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s). Prior to the registration
of assignment or sale of any Loan (and the registered note, if any evidencing the same), Borrowers shall treat the Person in whose name
such Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) is registered as the owner thereof for the purpose of receiving all payments
thereon and for all other purposes, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In the case of any assignment by a Lender of all or any portion
of its Loans to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender, and which assignment is not recorded in the Register, the
assigning Lender, on behalf of Borrowers, shall maintain a register comparable to the Register.

-137-

(i) In
the event that a Lender sells participations in the Loan, such Lender, as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of Borrowers, shall maintain
(or cause to be maintained) a register on which it enters the name of all participants in the Loans held by it (and the principal amount
(and stated interest thereon) of the portion of such Loans that is subject to such participations) (the "Participant Register").
A Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation
on the Participant Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide). Any participation of such Loan (and the registered
note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register. No Lender
shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any
information relating to a Participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan
Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit
or other obligation is in registered form under the IRC, Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations and any
successors thereto. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each
person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding
any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, neither Agent (in its capacity as Agent) nor Revolving Agent (in its capacity
as Revolving Agent) shall have responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. It is intended that the Register and each Participant
Register be maintained such that the Loans are in "registered form" for the purposes of the IRC.

(j) Agent
and Revolving Agent shall make a copy of the applicable Register (and each Lender shall make a copy of its Participant Register to the
extent it has one) available for review by Borrowers from time to time as Borrowers may reasonably request.

13.2. Successors.
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of each of the parties; provided, that
no Borrower may assign this Agreement or any rights or duties hereunder without the Lenders' prior written consent and any prohibited
assignment shall be absolutely void ab initio. No consent to assignment by the Lenders shall release any Borrower from its Obligations.
A Lender may assign this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and its rights and duties hereunder and thereunder pursuant to Section 13.1
and, except as expressly required pursuant to Section 13.1, no consent or approval by any Borrower is required in connection
with any such assignment.

13.3. Interlender
Matters. Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders have executed the Agreement Among Lenders on the Closing Date pursuant to which
such parties have agreed, among other things, to certain voting arrangements relative to matters requiring the approval of the Lenders,
to certain applications of payments and proceeds of Collateral to the Obligations, and to certain pricing arrangements. The rights and
duties of Agent, Revolving Agent and the Lenders, with respect to such matters, are subject to such agreement. Anything to the contrary
contained herein notwithstanding, any Person that is to become a party to this Agreement as a Lender (including, without limitation, by
assignment pursuant to Section 13.1) shall join the agreement described in this Section 13.3 on terms (including
with respect to its priority vis--vis other Lenders to payments and proceeds of Collateral and pricing arrangements) and conditions
satisfactory to Agent and existing Lenders as a condition to such Person becoming a party to this Agreement as a Lender.

-138-

14. AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS.

14.1. Amendments
and Waivers.

(a) No
amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than the Fee Letter and the
Revolver Fee Letter), and no consent with respect to any departure by any Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall
be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders (or by Agent at the written request of the Required Lenders) and the Loan Parties that
are party thereto and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective, but only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose
for which given; provided, that no such waiver, amendment, or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all of the Lenders
directly affected thereby and all of the Loan Parties that are party thereto, do any of the following:

(i) increase
the amount of or extend the expiration date of any Commitment of any Lender,

(ii) postpone
or delay any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees, or other amounts due
hereunder or under any other Loan Document,

(iii) reduce
the principal of, or the rate of interest on, any loan or other extension of credit hereunder, or reduce any fees or other amounts payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document (except (y) in connection with the waiver of applicability of Section 2.6(c) (which
waiver shall be effective with the written consent of the Required Lenders), and (z) that any amendment or modification of defined
terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or a reduction of fees
for purposes of this clause (iii)),

(iv) amend,
modify, or eliminate this Section or any provision of this Agreement providing for consent or other action by all Lenders,

(v) amend,
modify, or eliminate Section 3.1 or 3.2,

(vi) other
than as permitted by Section 15.11, release or contractually subordinate Agent's Lien in and to any of the Collateral,

(vii) amend,
modify, or eliminate the definitions of "Required Lenders" or "Pro Rata Share",

-139-

(viii) other
than in connection with a merger, amalgamation, liquidation, dissolution or sale of such Person expressly permitted by the terms hereof
or the other Loan Documents, release any Borrower or any Guarantor from any obligation for the payment of money or consent to the assignment
or transfer by any Borrower or any Guarantor of any of its rights or duties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents,

(ix) amend,
modify, or eliminate any of the provisions of Section 2.4(b) or the definition of Application Event, Section 13.1(a)(i)(A) or
(B), or this Section 14.1, or

(x) at
any time that any Real Property is included in the Collateral, add, increase, renew or extend any Loan or Commitment hereunder until the
completion of flood due diligence, documentation and coverage as required by the Flood Laws or as otherwise satisfactory to all Lenders;

(b) No
amendment, waiver, modification, or consent shall amend, modify, waive, or eliminate,

(i) the
definition of, or any of the terms or provisions of, the Fee Letter, without the written consent of Agent and Borrowers (and shall not
require the written consent of any of the Lenders),

(ii) the
definition of, or any of the terms or provisions of, the Revolver Fee Letter, without the written consent of Revolving Agent and Borrowers
(and shall not require the written consent of any of the Lenders),

(iii) the
definition of "Availability", "Borrowing Base", "Reserves" or any other definition used in the determination
of the amount of credit available under the Borrowing Base or Exhibit B-1, in each case without the written consent of the Required
Revolving Lenders,

(iv) permit
the assignment or transfer by any Borrower of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without the
written consent of each Lender, or

(v) any
provision of Section 15 pertaining to Agent or Revolving Agent, or any other rights or duties of Agent or Revolving Agent
under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, Borrowers, and
the Required Lenders;

(c) Anything
in this Section 14.1 to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) any amendment, modification, elimination, waiver, consent,
termination, or release of, or with respect to, any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that relates only to the relationship
of the Lender Group among themselves, and that does not affect the rights or obligations of any Loan Party, shall not require consent
by or the agreement of any Loan Party, (ii) any amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent of or with respect to any
provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be entered into without the consent of, or over the objection of, any Defaulting
Lender other than any of the matters governed by Section 14.1(a)(i) through (iii) that affect such Lender,
(iii) any amendment contemplated by Section 2.12(d)(iii) of this Agreement in connection with a Benchmark Transition
Event shall be effective as contemplated by such Section 2.12(d)(iii) hereof and (iv) any amendment contemplated
by Section 2.6(g) of this Agreement in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR shall be effective as contemplated
by such Section 2.6(g).

-140-

14.2. Replacement
of Certain Lenders.

(a) If
(i) any action to be taken by the Lender Group or Agent hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all Lenders
or all Lenders affected thereby and if such action has received the consent, authorization, or agreement of the Required Lenders but not
of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby, or (ii) any Lender makes a claim for compensation under Section 16, then
Borrowers or Agent, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior irrevocable notice, may permanently replace any Lender that failed
to give its consent, authorization, or agreement (a "Non-Consenting Lender") or any Lender that made a claim for compensation
under Section 16 (a "Tax Lender") with one or more Replacement Lenders, and the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender,
as applicable, shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder; provided, however, that in the case of (a)(ii) above,
such replacement must have the effect of reducing or eliminating the compensation otherwise owing under Section 16. Such notice
to replace the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall
not be later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the date such notice is given. The replacement of such Non-Consenting Lender or Tax
Lender shall not be required if, prior thereto, the circumstances entitling the Borrower or the Agent to require such replacement cease
to apply.

(b) Prior
to the effective date of such replacement, the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, and each Replacement Lender shall execute
and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, being repaid in full
its share of the outstanding Obligations (without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever, but including (i) all interest,
fees and other amounts that may be due in payable in respect thereof and (ii) Funding Losses). If the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax
Lender, as applicable, shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such
replacement, Agent may, but shall not be required to, execute and deliver such Assignment and Acceptance in the name or and on behalf
of the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, and irrespective of whether Agent executes and delivers such Assignment and
Acceptance, the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and
Acceptance. The replacement of any Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 13.1.
Until such time as one or more Replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and
obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Non-Consenting
Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall remain obligated to make the Non-Consenting Lender's or Tax Lender's, as applicable, Pro Rata
Share of Loans.

14.3. No
Waivers; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender to exercise any right, remedy, or option under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or delay by Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender in exercising the same, will operate as a
waiver thereof. No waiver by Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender will be effective unless it is in writing, and then only to the extent
specifically stated. No waiver by Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender on any occasion shall affect or diminish Agent's, Revolving Agent's
and each Lender's rights thereafter to require strict performance by Borrowers of any provision of this Agreement. Agent's, Revolving
Agent's and each Lender's rights under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will be cumulative and not exclusive of any other right
or remedy that Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender may have.

-141-

15. AGENT; THE LENDER GROUP.

15.1. Appointment
and Authorization of Agent and Revolving Agent. Each Lender hereby designates and appoints TCW as its administrative and collateral
agent, and Wingspire as its revolving agent, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes
(and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to designate, appoint, and authorize) Agent
or Revolving Agent, as applicable, to execute and deliver each of the other Loan Documents on its behalf and to take such other action
on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties
as are expressly delegated to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together
with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Each of Agent and Revolving Agent agrees to act as agent for and on behalf of the
Lenders (and the Bank Product Providers) on the conditions contained in this Section 15. Any provision to the contrary contained
elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document notwithstanding, neither Agent nor Revolving Agent shall have any duties or
responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents, nor shall Agent or Revolving Agent have or be
deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender (or Bank Product Provider), and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities,
duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against Agent or Revolving
Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term "agent" in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents
with reference to Agent or Revolving Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising
under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create
or reflect only a representative relationship between independent contracting parties. Each Lender hereby further authorizes (and by entering
into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to authorize) each of Agent and Revolving Agent, as applicable,
to act as the secured party under each of the Loan Documents that create a Lien on any item of Collateral. Without limiting the powers
of the Agent as aforesaid, for the purposes of holding any hypothec granted pursuant to the laws of the Province of Qubec, each
Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Agent and, to the extent necessary, ratifies the appointment and authorization of
the Agent, to act as the hypothecary representative of the Agent, the Revolving Agent, each Lender and each Bank Product Provider from
time to time as contemplated under Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Quebec, and to enter into, to take and to hold on their behalf,
and for their benefit, any hypothec, and to exercise such powers and duties that are conferred upon the Agent under any related deed of
hypothec. The Agent shall (a) have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise, except as may be otherwise specifically
restricted by the terms hereof, all rights and remedies given to the Agent in its capacity as hypothecary representative pursuant to any
such deed of hypothec and applicable law and (b) benefit from and be subject to all provisions hereof with respect to the Agent mutatis
mutandis, including, without limitation, all such provisions with respect to the liability or responsibility to and indemnification by
Lenders and Loan Parties. Any person who becomes the Agent, the Revolving Agent, a Lender or a Bank Product Provider in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to and confirmed the Agent as the person acting as hypothecary representative
holding the aforesaid hypothecs as aforesaid and to have ratified as of the date it becomes Agent, Revolving Agent, a Lender or a Bank
Product Provider, all actions taken by the Agent in such capacity. The substitution of the Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Section 15
shall also constitute the substitution of the Agent as hypothecary representative as aforesaid without any further act or formality being
required to appoint such successor Agent as the successor hypothecary representative for the purposes of any then existing deeds of hypothec.
The execution by the Agent, in the capacity as hypothecary representative for the Agent, Revolving Agent, the Lenders and Bank Product
Providers, prior to the date of this Agreement of any deeds of hypothec is hereby ratified and confirmed. Except as expressly otherwise
provided in this Agreement, each of Agent and Revolving Agent shall have and may use its sole discretion with respect to exercising or
refraining from exercising any discretionary rights or taking or refraining from taking any actions that Agent or Revolving Agent expressly
is entitled to take or assert under or pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, or of any other provision of the Loan Documents that provides rights or powers to Agent, Lenders agree that Agent or Revolving
Agent, as applicable, shall have the right to exercise the following powers as long as this Agreement remains in effect: (a) maintain,
in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Obligations, the Collateral, payments
and proceeds of Collateral, and related matters, (b) execute or file any and all financing or similar statements or notices, amendments,
renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written agreements with respect to the Loan Documents,
or to take any other action with respect to any Collateral or Loan Documents which may be necessary to perfect, and maintain perfected,
the security interests and Liens upon Collateral pursuant to the Loan Documents, (c) make Loans, for itself or on behalf of Lenders,
as provided in the Loan Documents, (d) exclusively receive, apply, and distribute payments and proceeds of the Collateral as provided
in the Loan Documents, (e) open and maintain such bank accounts and cash management arrangements as Agent deems necessary and appropriate
in accordance with the Loan Documents for the foregoing purposes, (f) perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and
remedies of the Lender Group with respect to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Obligations, the Collateral, or otherwise related
to any of same as provided in the Loan Documents, and (g) incur and pay such Lender Group Expenses as Agent or Revolving Agent, as
applicable, may deem necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions and powers pursuant to the Loan Documents.

-142-

15.2. Delegation
of Duties. Each of Agent and Revolving Agent may execute any of their respective duties under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document by or through agents, employees or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining
to such duties. Neither Agent nor Revolving Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney in fact
that it selects as long as such selection was made without gross negligence or willful misconduct.

15.3. Liability
of Agent. None of the Agent-Related Persons shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them
under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross
negligence or willful misconduct), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) for any
recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or any officer or director
thereof, contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred
to or provided for in, or received by Agent or Revolving Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for any failure
of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related
Person shall be under any obligation to any Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance
of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the books and records
or properties of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. No Agent-Related Person shall have any liability to any Lender, and Loan Party or
any of their respective Affiliates if any request for a Loan or other extension of credit was not authorized by the applicable Borrower.
Neither Agent nor Revolving Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or in the opinion of its counsel, may expose
it to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law or regulation.

-143-

15.4. Reliance
by Agent and Revolving Agent. Agent and Revolving Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon
any writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission,
telex or telephone message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed,
sent, or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to Borrowers or counsel
to any Lender), independent accountants and other experts selected by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable. Each of Agent and Revolving
Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless Agent
or Revolving Agent, as applicable, shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Lenders as it deems appropriate and until such
instructions are received, Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, shall act, or refrain from acting, as it deems advisable. If Agent
or Revolving Agent so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction by the Lenders (and, if it so elects, the
Bank Product Providers) against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take
any such action. Each of Agent and Revolving Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders and such request and any action
taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the Lenders (and Bank Product Providers).

15.5. Notice
of Default or Event of Default. Neither Agent nor Revolving Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence
of any Default or Event of Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest, fees, and expenses required
to be paid to Agent for the account of the Lenders and, except with respect to Events of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge,
unless Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or Borrowers referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event
of Default, and stating that such notice is a "notice of default." Agent promptly will notify the Lenders of its receipt of
any such notice or of any Event of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge. If any Lender obtains actual knowledge of any Event of
Default, such Lender promptly shall notify the other Lenders and Agent of such Event of Default. Each Lender shall be solely responsible
for giving any notices to its Participants, if any. Subject to Section 15.4, Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, shall
take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as may be requested by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9;
provided, that unless and until Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, has received any such request, Agent or Revolving Agent,
as applicable, may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default
or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable.

-144-

15.6. Credit
Decision. Each Lender (and Bank Product Provider) acknowledges that none of the Agent-Related Persons has made any representation
or warranty to it, and that no act by Agent or Revolving Agent hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs of any Loan Party
and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender
(or Bank Product Provider). Each Lender represents (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be
deemed to represent) to Agent and Revolving Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based
on such due diligence, documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business,
prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan
Document, and all applicable bank regulatory laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter
into this Agreement and to extend credit to Borrowers. Each Lender also represents (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each
Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to represent) that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and
based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals
and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it
deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness
of each Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document. Except for notices, reports, and other documents expressly herein required
to be furnished to the Lenders by Agent, Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender (or Bank Product Provider)
with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness
of any Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document that may come into the possession of any of the Agent-Related Persons. Each
Lender acknowledges (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that neither
Agent nor Revolving Agent has any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis (except to the extent, if any, that
is expressly specified herein) to provide such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) with any credit or other information with respect to
any Borrower, its Affiliates or any of their respective business, legal, financial or other affairs, and irrespective of whether such
information came into Agent's, Revolving Agent's or their respective Affiliates' or representatives' possession before or after the date
on which such Lender became a party to this Agreement (or such Bank Product Provider entered into a Bank Product Agreement).

-145-

15.7. Costs
and Expenses; Indemnification. Each of Agent and Revolving Agent may incur and pay Lender Group Expenses to the extent Agent or
Revolving Agent, as applicable, reasonably deems necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions, powers,
and obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents, including court costs, attorneys' fees and expenses, fees and expenses of financial accountants,
advisors, consultants, and appraisers, costs of collection by outside collection agencies, auctioneer fees and expenses, and costs of
security guards or insurance premiums paid to maintain the Collateral, whether or not Borrowers are obligated to reimburse Agent or Lenders
for such expenses pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. Each of Agent and Revolving Agent is authorized and directed to deduct and
retain sufficient amounts from payments or proceeds of the Collateral received by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, to reimburse
Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, for such out-of-pocket costs and expenses prior to the distribution of any amounts to Lenders
(or Bank Product Providers). In the event Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, is not reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the
Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, each Lender hereby agrees that it is and shall be obligated to pay to Agent or Revolving Agent, as
applicable, such Lender's ratable share thereof. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, each of the Lenders,
on a ratable basis, shall indemnify and defend the Agent-Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of Borrowers and
without limiting the obligation of Borrowers to do so) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities; provided, that no
Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting solely from
such Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct nor shall any Lender be liable for the obligations of any Defaulting Lender in failing
to make a Loan or other extension of credit hereunder. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse Agent or Revolving
Agent, as applicable, upon demand for such Lender's ratable share of any costs or out of pocket expenses (including attorneys, accountants,
advisors, and consultants fees and expenses) incurred by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, in connection with the preparation,
execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment, or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise)
of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the extent that Agent
or Revolving Agent, as applicable, is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of Borrowers. The undertaking in this Section shall
survive the payment of all Obligations hereunder and the resignation or replacement of Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable.

15.8. Agent
and Revolving Agent in Individual Capacity. TCW and its Affiliates and Wingspire and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept
deposits from, acquire Equity Interests in, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting, or other
business with any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any other Person party to any Loan Document as though TCW were not
Agent and Wingspire were not Revolving Agent hereunder, and, in each case, without notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender
Group. The other members of the Lender Group acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall
be deemed to acknowledge) that, pursuant to such activities, TCW or its Affiliates Wingspire or its Affiliates may receive information
regarding a Loan Party or its Affiliates or any other Person party to any Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality obligations
in favor of such Loan Party or such other Person and that prohibit the disclosure of such information to the Lenders (or Bank Product
Providers), and the Lenders acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to
acknowledge) that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver of such confidentiality obligations, which waiver Agent will
use its reasonable best efforts to obtain), Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. The terms "Lender"
and "Lenders" include each of TCW and Wingspire in their respective individual capacities.

-146-

15.9. Successor
Agent and Revolving Agent. Each of Agent and Revolving Agent may resign as Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, upon 30
days (ten days if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) prior written notice to the Lenders (unless such notice is
waived by the Required Lenders) and Borrowers (unless such notice is waived by Borrowers or a Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing) and without any notice to the Bank Product Providers. If Agent or Revolving Agent resigns under this
Agreement, the Required Term Loan Lenders or the Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable, shall be entitled to appoint a successor
Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, for the Lenders (and the Bank Product Providers), with the consent of (i) so long as
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Administrative Borrower and (ii) in the case of a the appointment of a
successor Revolving Agent, Agent, in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned. If no
successor Agent or Revolving Agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of Agent or Revolving Agent, as
applicable, Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, may appoint a successor Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, after
consulting with the Lenders, Borrowers and, in the case of a the appointment of a successor Revolving Agent, Agent. If Agent or
Revolving Agent, as applicable, has materially breached or failed to perform any material provision of this Agreement or of
applicable law, the Required Term Loan Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable, may agree in writing to remove and
replace Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, with a successor Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, from among the Term Loan
Lenders or the Revolving Lenders, as applicable, with the consent of (i) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, Administrative Borrower and (ii) in the case of a the appointment of a successor Revolving Agent, Agent, in each
case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned. In any such event, upon the acceptance of its
appointment as successor Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, hereunder, such successor Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable,
shall succeed to all the rights, powers, and duties of the retiring Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, and the term
"Agent" or "Revolving Agent", as applicable, shall mean such successor Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable,
and the retiring Agent's or Revolving Agent's, as applicable, appointment, powers, and duties as Agent or Revolving Agent, as
applicable, shall be terminated. After any retiring Agent's or Revolving Agent's, as applicable, resignation hereunder as Agent or
Revolving Agent, as applicable, the provisions of this Section 15 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or
omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. If no successor Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, has
accepted appointment as Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, by the date which is 30 days following a retiring Agent's or
Revolving Agent's, as applicable, notice of resignation, the retiring Agent's or Revolving Agent's, as applicable, resignation shall
nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable,
hereunder until such time, if any, as the Lenders appoint a successor Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, as provided for
above.

15.10. Lender
in Individual Capacity. Any Lender and its respective Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from, acquire Equity Interests
in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting, or other business with any Loan Party and its
Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any other Person party to any Loan Documents as though such Lender were not a Lender hereunder without
notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender Group (or the Bank Product Providers). The other members of the Lender Group acknowledge
(and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, pursuant to such activities,
such Lender and its respective Affiliates may receive information regarding a Loan Party or its Affiliates or any other Person party to
any Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such other Person and that prohibit the
disclosure of such information to the Lenders, and the Lenders acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product
Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver of such confidentiality obligations,
which waiver such Lender will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain), such Lender shall not be under any obligation to provide such
information to them.

-147-

15.11. Collateral
Matters.

(a) The
Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to authorize)
Agent to release any Lien on any Collateral (i) upon the termination of the Commitments and payment and satisfaction in full by the
Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries of all of the Obligations, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if a release
is required or desirable in connection therewith and if Borrowers certify to Agent that the sale or disposition is permitted under Section 6.4
(and Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), (iii) constituting property in which no Loan
Party or any of its Subsidiaries owned any interest at the time Agent's Lien was granted nor at any time thereafter, (iv) constituting
property leased or licensed to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under a lease or license that has expired or is terminated in a transaction
permitted under this Agreement, or (v) in connection with a credit bid or purchase authorized under this Section 15.11.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, to the extent property is sold or disposed of pursuant to a transaction that
is permitted under Section 6.4 to a Person that is not a Loan Party (or required to become a Loan Party), Agent's Lien on
such sold or disposed of Collateral shall automatically terminate. The Loan Parties and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize (and
by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to authorize) Agent, based upon the instruction
of the Required Lenders, to (a) consent to the sale of, credit bid, or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more
entities) all or any portion of the Collateral at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 363
of the Bankruptcy Code, (b) credit bid or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion
of the Collateral at any sale or other disposition thereof conducted under the provisions of the Code, including pursuant to Sections
9-610 or 9-620 of the Code, or (c) credit bid or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any
portion of the Collateral at any other sale or foreclosure conducted or consented to by Agent in accordance with applicable law in any
judicial action or proceeding or by the exercise of any legal or equitable remedy. In connection with any such credit bid or purchase,
(i) the Obligations owed to the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable
basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims being estimated for such purpose if the fixing or liquidation
thereof would not impair or unduly delay the ability of Agent to credit bid or purchase at such sale or other disposition of the Collateral
and, if such contingent or unliquidated claims cannot be estimated without impairing or unduly delaying the ability of Agent to credit
bid at such sale or other disposition, then such claims shall be disregarded, not credit bid, and not entitled to any interest in the
Collateral that is the subject of such credit bid or purchase) and the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers whose Obligations are credit
bid shall be entitled to receive interests (ratably based upon the proportion of their Obligations credit bid in relation to the aggregate
amount of Obligations so credit bid) in the Collateral that is the subject of such credit bid or purchase (or in the Equity Interests
of the any entities that are used to consummate such credit bid or purchase), and (ii) Agent, based upon the instruction of the Required
Lenders, may accept non-cash consideration, including debt and equity securities issued by any entities used to consummate such credit
bid or purchase and in connection therewith Agent may reduce the Obligations owed to the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers (ratably
based upon the proportion of their Obligations credit bid in relation to the aggregate amount of Obligations so credit bid) based upon
the value of such non-cash consideration; provided, that Bank Product Obligations not entitled to the application set forth in
Section 2.4(b)(iii)(I)(ii)(z) shall not be entitled to be, and shall not be, credit bid, or used in the calculation of
the ratable interest of the Lenders and Bank Product Providers in the Obligations which are credit bid. Except as provided above, Agent
will not execute and deliver a release of any Lien on any Collateral without the prior written authorization of (y) if the release
is of all or substantially all of the Collateral, all of the Lenders (without requiring the authorization of the Bank Product Providers),
or (z) otherwise, the Required Lenders (without requiring the authorization of the Bank Product Providers). Upon request by Agent
or Borrowers at any time, the Lenders will (and if so requested, the Bank Product Providers will) confirm in writing Agent's authority
to release any such Liens on particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 15.11; provided, that
(1) anything to the contrary contained in any of the Loan Documents notwithstanding, Agent shall not be required to execute any document
or take any action necessary to evidence such release on terms that, in Agent's opinion, could expose Agent to liability or create any
obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Lien without recourse, representation, or warranty, and (2) such
release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly released) upon (or
obligations of Borrowers in respect of) any and all interests retained by any Borrower, including, the proceeds of any sale, all of which
shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Each Lender further hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Bank Product
Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to irrevocably authorize) Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to subordinate
(by contract or otherwise) any Lien granted to or held by Agent on any property under any Loan Document (a) to the holder of any
Permitted Lien on such property if such Permitted Lien secures purchase money Indebtedness (including Capitalized Lease Obligations) which
constitutes Permitted Indebtedness and (b) to the extent Agent has the authority under this Section 15.11 to release
its Lien on such property. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 15.11, Agent shall be authorized, without the consent
of any Lender and without the requirement that an asset sale consisting of the sale, transfer or other disposition having occurred, to
release any security interest in any building, structure or improvement located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management
Agency to have special flood hazards provided that such building, structure or improvement has an immaterial fair market value.

-148-

(b) Agent
shall have no obligation whatsoever to any of the Lenders (or the Bank Product Providers) (i) to verify or assure that the Collateral
exists or is owned by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or is cared for, protected, or insured or has been encumbered, (ii) to
verify or assure that Agent's Liens have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected, or enforced or are entitled
to any particular priority, (iii) to impose, maintain, increase, reduce, implement, or eliminate any particular reserve hereunder
or to determine whether the amount of any reserve is appropriate or not, or (iv) to exercise at all or in any particular manner or
under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available
to Agent pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission,
or event related thereto, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in
its sole discretion given Agent's own interest in the Collateral in its capacity as one of the Lenders and that Agent shall have no other
duty or liability whatsoever to any Lender (or Bank Product Provider) as to any of the foregoing, except as otherwise expressly provided
herein.

15.12. Restrictions
on Actions by Lenders; Sharing of Payments.

(a) Each
of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, without the express written consent of Agent, and that it shall, to the extent it is lawfully
entitled to do so, upon the written request of Agent, set off against the Obligations, any amounts owing by such Lender to any Loan Party
or its Subsidiaries or any deposit accounts of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries now or hereafter maintained with such Lender. Each of
the Lenders further agrees that it shall not, unless specifically requested to do so in writing by Agent, take or cause to be taken any
enforcement action against the Collateral.

(b) If,
at any time or times any Lender shall receive (i) by payment, foreclosure, setoff, or otherwise, any proceeds of Collateral or any
payments with respect to the Obligations, except for any such proceeds or payments received by such Lender from Agent pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement, or (ii) payments from Agent in excess of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of all such distributions by Agent,
such Lender promptly shall (A) turn the same over to Agent, in kind, and with such endorsements as may be required to negotiate the
same to Agent, or in immediately available funds, as applicable, for the account of all of the Lenders and for application to the Obligations
in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement, or (B) purchase, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest
and participation in the Obligations owed to the other Lenders so that such excess payment received shall be applied ratably as among
the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares; provided, that to the extent that such excess payment received by the purchasing
party is thereafter recovered from it, those purchases of participations shall be rescinded in whole or in part, as applicable, and the
applicable portion of the purchase price paid therefor shall be returned to such purchasing party, but without interest except to the
extent that such purchasing party is required to pay interest in connection with the recovery of the excess payment.

15.13. Agency
for Perfection. Agent hereby appoints each other Lender (and each Bank Product Provider) as its agent (and each Lender hereby
accepts (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to accept) such appointment) for the
purpose of perfecting Agent's Liens in assets which, in accordance with Article 8 or Article 9, as applicable, of the Code or
the corresponding provisions of the PPSA can be perfected by possession or control. Should any Lender obtain possession or control of
any such Collateral (other than Revolving Agent, in its capacity as sub-agent of Agent, pursuant to Control Agreements), such Lender shall
notify Agent thereof, and, promptly upon Agent's request therefor shall deliver possession or control of such Collateral to Agent or in
accordance with Agent's instructions.

15.14. Payments
by Agent to the Lenders. All payments to be made by Agent to the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) shall be made by bank wire
transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to such wire transfer instructions as each party may designate for itself by written
notice to Agent. Concurrently with each such payment, Agent shall identify whether such payment (or any portion thereof) represents principal,
premium, fees, or interest of the Obligations.

-149-

15.15. Concerning
the Collateral and Related Loan Documents. Each member of the Lender Group authorizes and directs Agent and Revolving Agent to
enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each member of the Lender Group agrees (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement,
each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to agree) that any action taken by Agent or Revolving Agent in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement or the other Loan Documents relating to the Collateral and the exercise by Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, of
its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding upon
all of the Lenders (and such Bank Product Provider).

15.16. [Reserved].

15.17. Several
Obligations; No Liability. Notwithstanding that certain of the Loan Documents now or hereafter may have been or will be executed
only by or in favor of Agent in its capacity as such, and not by or in favor of the Lenders, any and all obligations on the part of Agent
(if any) to make any credit available hereunder shall constitute the several (and not joint) obligations of the respective Lenders on
a ratable basis (in accordance with their Pro Rata Share), according to their respective Commitments, to make an amount of such credit
not to exceed, in principal amount, at any one time outstanding, the amount of their respective Commitments. Nothing contained herein
shall confer upon any Lender any interest in, or subject any Lender to any liability for, or in respect of, the business, assets, profits,
losses, or liabilities of any other Lender. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for notifying its Participants of any matters relating
to the Loan Documents to the extent any such notice may be required, and no Lender shall have any obligation, duty, or liability to any
Participant of any other Lender. Except as provided in Section 15.7, no member of the Lender Group shall have any liability
for the acts of any other member of the Lender Group. No Lender shall be responsible to any Borrower or any other Person for any failure
by any other Lender (or Bank Product Provider) to fulfill its obligations to make credit available hereunder, nor to advance for such
Lender (or Bank Product Provider) or on its behalf, nor to take any other action on behalf of such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) hereunder
or in connection with the financing contemplated herein.

15.18. Appointment
of Agent as UK security trustee. For the purposes of any Liens created under a UK Security Document, the following additional
provisions shall apply, in addition to the provisions set out in this Section 15 or otherwise hereunder.

(a) In
this Section 15.18, the following expressions have the following meanings:

"Appointee"
means any receiver, administrator or other insolvency officer appointed in respect of any Loan Party or its assets.

"Charged Property"
means the assets of a Loan Party subject to a security interest under a UK Security Document.

-150-

"Delegate"
means any delegate, agent, attorney or co-trustee appointed by the Agent (in its capacity as security trustee).

(b) The
Lenders appoint the Agent to hold the security interests constituted by the UK Security Documents on trust for the Lenders on the terms
of the Loan Documents and the Agent accepts that appointment.

(c) The
Agent, its subsidiaries and associated companies may each retain for its own account and benefit any fee, remuneration and profits paid
to it in connection with (i) its activities under the Loan Documents; and (ii) its engagement in any kind of banking or other
business with any Loan Party.

(d) Nothing
in this Agreement constitutes the Agent as a trustee or fiduciary of, nor shall the Agent have any duty or responsibility to, any Loan
Party.

(e) The
Agent shall have no duties or obligations to any other Person except for those which are expressly specified in the Loan Documents or
mandatorily required by applicable law.

(f) The
Agent may appoint one or more Delegates on such terms (which may include the power to sub-delegate) and subject to such conditions as
it thinks fit, to exercise and perform all or any of the duties, rights, powers and discretions vested in it by the UK Security Documents
and shall not be obliged to supervise any Delegate or be responsible to any person for any loss incurred by reason of any act, omission,
misconduct or default on the part of any Delegate.

(g) The
Agent may (whether for the purpose of complying with any law or regulation of any overseas jurisdiction, or for any other reason) appoint
(and subsequently remove) any person to act jointly with the Agent either as a separate trustee or as a co-trustee on such terms and subject
to such conditions as the Agent thinks fit and with such of the duties, rights, powers and discretions vested in the Agent by the UK Security
Documents as may be conferred by the instrument of appointment of that person.

(h) The
Agent shall notify the Lenders of the appointment of each Appointee (other than a Delegate).

(i) The
Agent may pay reasonable remuneration to any Delegate or Appointee, together with any costs and expenses (including legal fees) reasonably
incurred by the Delegate or Appointee in connection with its appointment. All such remuneration, costs and expenses shall be treated,
for the purposes of this Agreement, as paid or incurred by the Agent.

(j) Each
Delegate and each Appointee shall have every benefit, right, power and discretion and the benefit of every exculpation (together "Rights")
of the Agent (in its capacity as security trustee) under the UK Security Documents, and each reference to the Agent (where the context
requires that such reference is to the Agent in its capacity as security trustee) in the provisions of the UK Security Documents which
confer Rights shall be deemed to include a reference to each Delegate and each Appointee.

-151-

(k) Each
Lender confirms its approval of the UK Security Documents and authorizes and instructs the Agent: (i) to execute and deliver the
UK Security Documents; (ii) to exercise the rights, powers and discretions given to the Agent (in its capacity as security trustee)
under or in connection with the UK Security Documents together with any other incidental rights, powers and discretions; and (iii) to
give any authorizations and confirmations to be given by the Agent (in its capacity as security trustee) on behalf of the Lenders under
the UK Security Documents.

(l) The
Agent may accept without inquiry the title (if any) which any person may have to the Charged Property.

(m) Each
Lender confirms that it does not wish to be registered as a joint proprietor of any security interest constituted by a UK Security Documents
and accordingly authorizes: (a) the Agent to hold such security interest in its sole name (or in the name of any Delegate) as trustee
for the Lenders; and (b) the Land Registry (or other relevant registry) to register the Agent (or any Delegate or Appointee) as a
sole proprietor of such security interest.

(n) Except
to the extent that a UK Security Document otherwise requires, any moneys which the Agent receives under or pursuant to a UK Security Document
may be: (a) invested in any investments which the Agent selects and which are authorized by applicable law; or (b) placed on
deposit at any bank or institution (including the Agent) on terms that the Agent thinks fit, in each case in the name or under the control
of the Agent, and the Agent shall hold those moneys, together with any accrued income (net of any applicable Taxes) to the order of the
Lenders, and shall pay them to the Lenders on demand.

(o) On
a disposal of any of the Charged Property which is permitted under the Loan Documents, the Agent shall (at the cost of the Loan Parties)
execute any release of the UK Security Documents or other claim over that Charged Property and issue any certificates of non-crystallisation
of floating charges that may be required or take any other action that the Agent considers desirable.

(p) The
Agent shall not be liable for:

(i) any
defect in or failure of the title (if any) which any person may have to any assets over which security is intended to be created by a
UK Security Document;

(ii) any
loss resulting from the investment or deposit at any bank of moneys which it invests or deposits in a manner permitted by a UK Security
Document;

(iii) the
exercise of, or the failure to exercise, any right, power or discretion given to it by or in connection with any Loan Document or any
other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with, any Loan Document;
or

(iv) any
shortfall which arises on enforcing a UK Security Documents.

-152-

(q) The
Agent shall not be obligated to:

(i) obtain
any authorization or environmental permit in respect of any of the Charged Property or a UK Security Documents;

(ii) hold
in its own possession a UK Security Document, title deed or other document relating to the Charged Property or a UK Security Document;

(iii) perfect,
protect, register, make any filing or give any notice in respect of a UK Security Document (or the order of ranking of a UK Security Document),
unless that failure arises directly from its own gross negligence or willful misconduct; or

(iv) require
any further assurances in relation to a UK Security Document.

(r) In
respect of any UK Security Document, the Agent shall not be obligated to: (i) insure, or require any other person to insure, the
Charged Property; or (ii) make any enquiry or conduct any investigation into the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability
of any insurance existing over such Charged Property.

(s) In
respect of any UK Security Documents, the Agent shall not have any obligation or duty to any person for any loss suffered as a result
of: (i) the lack or inadequacy of any insurance; or (ii) the failure of the Agent to notify the insurers of any material fact
relating to the risk assumed by them, or of any other information of any kind, unless Required Lenders have requested it to do so in writing
and the Agent has failed to do so within fourteen (14) days after receipt of that request.

(t) Every
appointment of a successor Agent under a UK Security Document shall be by deed.

(u) Section 1
of the Trustee Act 2000 shall not apply to the duty of the Agent in relation to the trusts constituted by this Agreement.

(v) In
the case of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of the Trustee Act 1925 or the Trustee Act 2000, the provisions
of this Agreement shall prevail to the extent allowed by law, and shall constitute a restriction or exclusion for the purposes of the
Trustee Act 2000.

(w) The
perpetuity period under the rule against perpetuities if applicable to this Agreement and any UK Security Document shall be 125 years
from the date of this Agreement.

-153-

16. WITHHOLDING TAXES.

16.1. Payments.
All payments made by or on account of any Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document will be made free and clear of, and without
deduction or withholding for, any Taxes, except as otherwise required by applicable law, and in the event any deduction or withholding
of Taxes is required, the applicable Loan Party shall make the requisite withholding, timely pay over to the applicable Governmental Authority
the withheld Tax in accordance with applicable law, and furnish to Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, as promptly as possible after
the date the payment of any such Tax is due pursuant to applicable law, certified copies of tax receipts or other applicable documentation
evidencing such payment by the Loan Parties. If such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Loan Parties shall
be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable
to additional sums payable under this Section), each Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such
deduction or withholding been made. Without duplication, the Loan Parties will timely pay any Other Taxes or reimburse Agent for such
Other Taxes upon Agent's demand. Without duplication, the Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Indemnified Person
(as defined in Section 10.3) and other Recipient (collectively a "Tax Indemnitee") for the full amount of
Indemnified Taxes arising in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted
on, or attributable to, amounts payable under this Section 16) imposed on, or paid by, such Tax Indemnitee and all reasonable
costs and expenses related thereto (including fees and disbursements of attorneys and other tax professionals), as and when they are incurred
and irrespective of whether suit is brought, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the
relevant Governmental Authority (other than Indemnified Taxes and additional amounts that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines
to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Tax Indemnitee). A certificate as to the amount of such
payment or liability delivered to the Administrative Borrower by a Tax Indemnitee (with a copy to the Agent and Revolving Agent), or by
the Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, on its own behalf or on behalf of a Tax Indemnitee, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 16 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the resignation
and replacement of Agent, and the repayment of the Obligations.

16.2. Exemptions.

(a) Any
Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall
deliver to the Administrative Borrower and the Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower, the Agent
or the Revolving Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower, the Agent
or the Revolving Agent, as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition,
any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower, the Agent or the Revolving Agent, as applicable, shall deliver such
other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Agent as will enable the
Administrative Borrower and the Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting
requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission
of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 16.2(b)) shall not be required if in the Lender's reasonable
judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender or its Affiliates to any unreimbursed cost or expense or would
prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender or its Affiliates.

-154-

(b) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(i) any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Administrative Borrower and Agent on or before the date on which such Lender becomes
a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Borrower or Agent),
executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(ii) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Administrative Borrower and Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or before the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Borrower or Agent), whichever of the following is
applicable:

(A) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "interest" article of such tax treaty and (y) with
respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an
exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "business profits" or "other income"
article of such tax treaty;

(B) executed
copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(C) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the IRC,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of the applicable Exhibit T-1 attached to this Agreement to the effect that
such Foreign Lender is not a "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, a "10 percent
shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the IRC, or a "controlled foreign corporation"
related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the IRC and that no payment under any Loan Document is effectively
connected with such Foreign Lender's conduct of a U.S. trade or business (a "U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate") and
(y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or

(D) to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, if such Foreign Lender is a partnership or a participating Lender),
executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E,
a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of the applicable Exhibit T-2 or Exhibit T-3
attached to this Agreement, IRS Form W-9, or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided
that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign
Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially
in the form of the applicable Exhibit T-4 attached to this Agreement on behalf of such direct and indirect partner(s);

-155-

(iii) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Administrative Borrower and Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or before the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Borrower or Agent), executed copies of any other documentation
prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed,
together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Administrative Borrower and Agent
to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(iv) if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were
to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Administrative Borrower and Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and
at such time or times reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including
as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative
Borrower or Agent as may be necessary for the Administrative Borrower and Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine
that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from
such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), "FATCA" shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date
of this Agreement.

(c) Each
Lender agrees that if any documentation it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update
such documentation or promptly notify the Administrative Borrower and Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

16.3. Reductions.

(a) If
a Lender is subject to an applicable withholding tax, Agent may withhold from any payment to such Lender an amount equivalent to the applicable
withholding tax. If the forms or other documentation required by Section 16.2(a) or 16.2(c) are not delivered
to Agent, then Agent may withhold from any payment to such Lender not providing such forms or other documentation an amount equivalent
to the applicable withholding tax.

(b) If
the IRS or any other Governmental Authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that Agent did not properly withhold
tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender due to a failure on the part of the Lender (because the appropriate form was
not delivered, was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify Agent of a change in circumstances which rendered the
exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason) such Lender shall indemnify and hold Agent harmless
for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by Agent, as tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, and including any taxes
imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to Agent under this Section 16, together with all costs and expenses (including
attorneys' fees and expenses). The obligation of the Lenders under this subsection shall survive the payment of all Obligations and the
resignation or replacement of Agent.

-156-

16.4. Refunds.
If Agent, Revolving Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes to which
the Loan Parties have paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 16, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, it shall pay over such refund to the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Loan Parties (but only to the extent
of payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan Parties under this Section 16 with respect to Indemnified Taxes
giving rise to such a refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of Agent, Revolving Agent or such Lender and without interest (other
than any interest paid by the applicable Governmental Authority with respect to such a refund); provided, that the Loan Parties,
upon the request of Agent, Revolving Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Loan Parties (plus any penalties,
interest or other charges, imposed by the applicable Governmental Authority, other than such penalties, interest or other charges imposed
as a result of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of Agent, Revolving Agent or Lender hereunder as finally determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction) to Agent, Revolving Agent or such Lender in the event Agent, Revolving Agent or such Lender is required to
repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Section 16
shall not be construed to require Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information which
it deems confidential) to Loan Parties or any other Person or require Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender to pay any amount to an indemnifying
party pursuant to this Section 16.4, the payment of which would place Agent, Revolving Agent or such Lender (or their Affiliates)
in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Person would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to
such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to
such Tax had never been paid.

16.5.Administrative
Agent. Agent shall deliver to the Administrative Borrower on or prior to the date on which Agent first becomes an Agent hereunder,
whichever of the following is applicable, (A) if Agent is a U.S. Person, two copies of a properly completed and executed IRS Form W-9
certifying its exemption from U.S. federal backup withholding or (B) if Agent is not a U.S. Person, with respect to payments received
by Agent for its own account, an IRS Form W-8ECI and, with respect to payments received by Agent on behalf of a Lender, (x) an
IRS Form W-8IMY certifying that Agent is a U.S. branch and intends to be treated as a U.S. person for purposes of withholding under
Chapter 3 of the IRC pursuant to Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv) of the Treasury Regulations with respect to payments received by
it from Borrowers, or (y) an IRS Form W-8IMY certifying that it is a qualified intermediary that has assumed withholding and
reporting obligations for purposes of Chapter 3 of the IRC and IRS Form 1099 reporting and backup withholding responsibility for
each Lender that it is acting on behalf of. If any documentation previously delivered to the Administrative Borrower by Agent pursuant
to this Section 16.5 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, Agent shall update such documentation or promptly
notify the Administrative Borrower in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so.

17. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

17.1. Effectiveness.
This Agreement shall be binding and deemed effective when executed by each Borrower, Agent, and each Lender whose signature is provided
for on the signature pages hereof.

-157-

17.2. Section Headings.
Headings and numbers have been set forth herein for convenience only. Unless the contrary is compelled by the context, everything contained
in each Section applies equally to this entire Agreement.

17.3. Interpretation.
Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed against the Lender Group or any Borrower, whether under
any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Agreement has been reviewed by all parties and shall be construed and
interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to accomplish fairly the purposes and intentions of all parties
hereto.

17.4. Severability
of Provisions. Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this Agreement for the purpose
of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision.

17.5. Bank
Product Providers. Each Bank Product Provider in its capacity as such shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof and of
the provisions of the other Loan Documents for purposes of any reference in a Loan Document to the parties for whom Agent is acting. Agent
hereby agrees to act as agent for such Bank Product Providers and, by virtue of entering into a Bank Product Agreement, the applicable
Bank Product Provider shall be automatically deemed to have appointed Agent as its agent and to have accepted the benefits of the Loan
Documents. It is understood and agreed that the rights and benefits of each Bank Product Provider under the Loan Documents consist exclusively
of such Bank Product Provider's being a beneficiary of the Liens and security interests (and, if applicable, guarantees) granted to Agent
and the right to share in payments and collections out of the Collateral as more fully set forth herein. In addition, each Bank Product
Provider, by virtue of entering into a Bank Product Agreement, shall be automatically deemed to have agreed that Agent shall have the
right, but shall have no obligation, to establish, maintain, relax, or release reserves in respect of the Bank Product Obligations and
that if reserves are established there is no obligation on the part of Agent to determine or insure whether the amount of any such reserve
is appropriate or not. In connection with any such distribution of payments or proceeds of Collateral, Agent shall be entitled to assume
no amounts are due or owing to any Bank Product Provider unless such Bank Product Provider has provided a written certification (setting
forth a reasonably detailed calculation) to Agent as to the amounts that are due and owing to it and such written certification is received
by Agent a reasonable period of time prior to the making of such distribution. Agent shall have no obligation to calculate the amount
due and payable with respect to any Bank Products, but may rely upon the written certification of the amount due and payable from the
applicable Bank Product Provider. In the absence of an updated certification, Agent shall be entitled to assume that the amount due and
payable to the applicable Bank Product Provider is the amount last certified to Agent by such Bank Product Provider as being due and payable
(less any distributions made to such Bank Product Provider on account thereof). Borrowers may obtain Bank Products from any Bank Product
Provider, although Borrowers are not required to do so. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Bank Product Provider has committed
to provide any Bank Products and that the providing of Bank Products by any Bank Product Provider is in the sole and absolute discretion
of such Bank Product Provider. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no provider or holder
of any Bank Product shall have any voting or approval rights hereunder (or be deemed a Lender) solely by virtue of its status as the provider
or holder of such agreements or products or the Obligations owing thereunder, nor shall the consent of any such provider or holder be
required (other than in their capacities as Lenders, to the extent applicable) for any matter hereunder or under any of the other Loan
Documents, including as to any matter relating to the Collateral or the release of Collateral or Guarantors.

-158-

17.6. Debtor-Creditor
Relationship. The relationship between the Lenders and Agent, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, is solely
that of creditor and debtor. No member of the Lender Group has (or shall be deemed to have) any fiduciary relationship or duty to any
Loan Party arising out of or in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, and there is no agency or
joint venture relationship between the members of the Lender Group, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, by virtue
of any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein.

17.7. Counterparts;
Electronic Execution. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
but one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission
shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart
of this Agreement by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this
Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect
of this Agreement. Each party agrees that the electronic signatures, whether digital or encrypted, of the parties included in this Agreement
are intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as manual signatures. Electronic Signature means any electronic
sound, symbol, or process attached to or logically associated with a record and executed and adopted by a party with the intent to sign
such record, including facsimile or email electronic signatures pursuant to the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act (N.Y. State
Tech. 301-309) as amended from time to time or as provided under the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted by the State of New
York. The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document mutatis mutandis.

17.8. Revival
and Reinstatement of Obligations. If any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider repays, refunds, restores, or
returns in whole or in part, any payment or property (including any proceeds of Collateral) previously paid or transferred to such member
of the Lender Group or such Bank Product Provider in full or partial satisfaction of any Obligation or on account of any other obligation
of any Loan Party under any Loan Document or any Bank Product Agreement, because the payment, transfer, or the incurrence of the obligation
so satisfied is asserted or declared to be void, voidable, or otherwise recoverable under any law relating to creditors' rights, including
provisions of the Bankruptcy Code relating to fraudulent transfers, preferences, or other voidable or recoverable obligations or transfers
(each, a "Voidable Transfer"), or because such member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider elects to do so on
the reasonable advice of its counsel in connection with a claim that the payment, transfer, or incurrence is or may be a Voidable Transfer,
then, as to any such Voidable Transfer, or the amount thereof that such member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider elects to
repay, restore, or return (including pursuant to a settlement of any claim in respect thereof), and as to all reasonable costs, expenses,
and attorneys' fees of such member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider related thereto, (i) the liability of the Loan Parties
with respect to the amount or property paid, refunded, restored, or returned will automatically and immediately be revived, reinstated,
and restored and will exist, and (ii) Agent's Liens securing such liability shall be effective, revived, and remain in full force
and effect, in each case, as fully as if such Voidable Transfer had never been made. If, prior to any of the foregoing, (A) Agent's
Liens shall have been released or terminated, or (B) any provision of this Agreement shall have been terminated or cancelled, Agent's
Liens, or such provision of this Agreement, shall be reinstated in full force and effect and such prior release, termination, cancellation
or surrender shall not diminish, release, discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligation of any Loan Party in respect of such liability
or any Collateral securing such liability. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment in full of
the Obligations.

-159-

17.9. Confidentiality.

(a) Agent
and Lenders each individually (and not jointly or jointly and severally) agree that material non-public information regarding the Loan
Parties and their Subsidiaries, their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans ("Confidential Information")
shall be treated by Agent and the Lenders in a confidential manner, and shall not be disclosed by Agent and the Lenders to Persons who
are not parties to this Agreement, except: (i) to attorneys for and other advisors, accountants, auditors, and consultants to any
member of the Lender Group and to employees, directors and officers of any member of the Lender Group (the Persons in this clause (i),
"Lender Group Representatives") on a "need to know" basis in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and on a confidential basis, (ii) to Subsidiaries and Affiliates of any member of the Lender Group (including
the Bank Product Providers); provided, that any such Subsidiary or Affiliate shall have agreed to receive such information hereunder
subject to the terms of this Section 17.9, (iii) as may be required by regulatory authorities so long as such authorities
are informed of the confidential nature of such information, (iv) as may be required by statute, decision, or judicial or administrative
order, rule, or regulation; provided, that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (iv), the disclosing party agrees
to provide Borrowers with prior notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing party
is permitted to provide such prior notice to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the applicable statute, decision, or judicial or administrative
order, rule, or regulation and (y) any disclosure under this clause (iv) shall be limited to the portion of the Confidential
Information as may be required by such statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation, (v) as may be
agreed to in advance in writing by Borrowers, (vi) as requested or required by any Governmental Authority pursuant to any subpoena
or other legal process; provided, that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (vi) the disclosing party agrees
to provide Borrowers with prior written notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing
party is permitted to provide such prior written notice to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the subpoena or other legal process and
(y) any disclosure under this clause (vi) shall be limited to the portion of the Confidential Information as may be required
by such Governmental Authority pursuant to such subpoena or other legal process, (vii) as to any such information that is or becomes
generally available to the public (other than as a result of prohibited disclosure by Agent or the Lenders or the Lender Group Representatives),
(viii) in connection with any assignment, participation or pledge of any Lender's interest under this Agreement; provided,
that prior to receipt of Confidential Information any such assignee, participant, or pledgee shall have agreed in writing to receive such
Confidential Information either subject to the terms of this Section 17.9 or pursuant to confidentiality requirements substantially
similar to those contained in this Section 17.9 (and such Person may disclose such Confidential Information to Persons employed
or engaged by them as described in clause (i) above), (ix) in connection with any litigation or other adversary proceeding involving
parties hereto which such litigation or adversary proceeding involves claims related to the rights or duties of such parties under this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents; provided, that prior to any disclosure to any Person (other than any Loan Party, Agent,
any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel) under this clause (ix) with respect to litigation involving
any Person (other than any Borrower, Agent, any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel), the disclosing
party agrees to provide Borrowers with prior written notice thereof, and (x) in connection with, and to the extent reasonably necessary
for, the exercise of any secured creditor remedy under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document.

-160-

(b) Anything
in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, Agent may disclose information concerning the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents to loan syndication and pricing reporting services or in its marketing or promotional materials, with such
information to consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications or marketing or promotional materials
and may otherwise use the name, logos, and other insignia of any Borrower or the other Loan Parties and the Commitments provided hereunder
in any "tombstone" or other advertisements, on its website or in other marketing materials of Agent.

(c) Each
Loan Party agrees that Agent may make materials or information provided by or on behalf of Borrowers hereunder (collectively, "Borrower
Materials") available to the Lenders. Agent does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Borrower Materials, and expressly
disclaim liability for errors or omissions in any communications of the same. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory,
including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses
or other code defects, is made by Agent in connection with the Borrower Materials. In no event shall Agent or any of the Agent-Related
Persons have any liability to the Loan Parties, any Lender or any other person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect,
special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party's
or Agent's transmission of communications through the Internet, except to the extent the liability of such person is found in a final
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such person's gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Each Loan Party further agrees that certain of the Lenders may be "public-side" Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive
material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities) (each, a "Public Lender"). The
Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders to treat Borrower Materials marked "PUBLIC"
or otherwise at any time filed with the SEC or applicable securities regulators in Canada as not containing any material non-public information
with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities for purposes of United States federal and state or Canadian securities laws. Agent
and its Affiliates and the Lenders shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked "PUBLIC" or that are
not at any time filed with the SEC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not marked as "Public Investor"
(or such other similar term).

-161-

17.10. Survival.
All representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered
in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other
parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation
made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default
or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force
and effect as long as the principal of, or any accrued interest on, any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement
is outstanding or unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or been terminated.

17.11. Patriot
Act; Due Diligence. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act and Canadian AML Laws hereby notifies the
Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act and Canadian AML Laws, it is required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow
such Lender to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. In addition, Agent and each Lender shall have the right to
periodically conduct due diligence on all Loan Parties, their senior management and key principals and legal and beneficial owners. Each
Loan Party agrees to cooperate in respect of the conduct of such due diligence and further agrees that the reasonable costs and charges
for any such due diligence by Agent and Revolving Agent shall constitute Lender Group Expenses hereunder and be for the account of Borrowers.
If (a) the introduction of or any change in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or regulation made
after the date of this Agreement; (b) any change in the status of a UK Loan Party after the date of this Agreement; or (c) any
law, regulation, applicable market guidance or internal policy in relation to the period review and/or updating of customer information
obliges the Agent or any other member of the Lender Group to comply with "know your customer" or similar identification procedures
in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to it, each UK Loan Party shall promptly upon the request of
the Agent or other member of the Lender Group supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably
requested by the Agent or other member of the Lender Group in order for the Agent or other member of the Lender Group to carry out and
be satisfied it has complied with all necessary "know your customer" or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations
pursuant to the transactions contemplated in the Loan Documents.

17.12. Integration.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof. The foregoing
to the contrary notwithstanding, all Bank Product Agreements, if any, are independent agreements governed by the written provisions of
such Bank Product Agreements, which will remain in full force and effect, unaffected by any repayment, prepayments, acceleration, reduction,
increase, or change in the terms of any credit extended hereunder, except as otherwise expressly provided in such Bank Product Agreement.

-162-

17.13. Comtech
as Agent for Borrowers. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Comtech as the borrowing agent and attorney-in-fact for all
Borrowers (the "Administrative Borrower") which appointment shall remain in full force and effect unless and until Agent
shall have received prior written notice signed by each Borrower that such appointment has been revoked and that another Borrower has
been appointed Administrative Borrower. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes Administrative Borrower (a) to provide
Agent with all notices with respect to Loans obtained for the benefit of any Borrower and all other notices and instructions under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and any notice or instruction provided by Administrative Borrower shall be deemed to be given
by Borrowers hereunder and shall bind each Borrower), (b) to receive notices and instructions from members of the Lender Group (and
any notice or instruction provided by any member of the Lender Group to Administrative Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof shall
be deemed to have been given to each Borrower), (c) to enter into Bank Product Provider Agreements on behalf of Borrowers and their
Subsidiaries, and (d) to take such action as Administrative Borrower deems appropriate on its behalf to obtain Loans and to exercise
such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes of this Agreement. It is understood that the handling
of the Loan Account and Collateral, as more fully set forth herein, is done solely as an accommodation to Borrowers in order to utilize
the collective borrowing powers of Borrowers in the most efficient and economical manner and at their request, and that Lender Group shall
not incur liability to any Borrower as a result hereof. Each Borrower expects to derive benefit, directly or indirectly, from the handling
of the Loan Account and the Collateral since the successful operation of each Borrower is dependent on the continued successful performance
of the integrated group. To induce the Lender Group to do so, and in consideration thereof, each Borrower hereby jointly and severally
agrees to indemnify each member of the Lender Group and hold each member of the Lender Group harmless against any and all liability, expense,
loss or claim of damage or injury, made against the Lender Group by any Borrower or by any third party whosoever, arising from or incurred
by reason of (i) the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of Borrowers as herein provided, or (ii) the Lender Group's
relying on any instructions of Administrative Borrower, except that Borrowers will have no liability to the relevant Agent-Related
Person or Lender-Related Person under this Section 17.13 with respect to any liability that has been finally determined by
a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent-Related Person
or Lender-Related Person, as the case may be.

17.14. Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in
any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and
Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i) a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
or

-163-

(iii) the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

17.15. Canadian
Anti-Money Laundering Legislation.

(a) Each
Loan Party acknowledges that, pursuant to Canadian AML Laws, the Lenders may be required to obtain, verify and record information regarding
the Loan Parties and their respective directors, authorized signing officers, direct or indirect shareholders or other Persons in control
of the Loan Parties, and the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Loan Party shall promptly provide all such information, including
supporting documentation and other evidence, as may be reasonably requested by any Lender or any prospective assignee or participant of
a Lender, any issuer of letters of credit hereunder or any Agent, in order to comply with any applicable Canadian AML Laws, whether now
or hereafter in existence.

(b) If
the Agent has ascertained the identity of any Loan Party or any authorized signatories of any Loan Party for the purposes of Canadian
AML Laws, then the Agent:

(i) shall
be deemed to have done so as an agent for each Lender and this Agreement shall constitute a written agreement in such regard
between each such Lender and the Agent within the meaning of the applicable Canadian AML Laws; and

(ii) shall
provide to each such Lender, copies of all information obtained in such regard without any representation or warranty as to its accuracy
or completeness.

Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence and except as may otherwise be agreed in writing, each Lender agrees that the Agent has no obligation to ascertain the identity
of any Loan Party or any authorized signatories of a Loan Party on behalf of any other Lender, or to confirm the completeness or accuracy
of any information it obtains from any Loan Party or any such authorized signatory in doing so.

17.16. Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge
Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, "QFC Credit Support" and each such QFC a
"Supported QFC"), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the "U.S. Special Resolution Regimes") in respect of such
Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC
may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United
States): In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a "Covered Party") becomes subject to
a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and
any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported
QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under
the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property)
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of
a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might
otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised
to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the
Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it
is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights
of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

-164-

17.17. Currency
Indemnity. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court in any jurisdiction with respect to this Agreement or any of
the Loan Documents, it becomes necessary to convert into the currency of such jurisdiction (the "Judgment Currency")
any amount due under this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents in any currency other than the Judgment Currency (the "Currency
Due"), then conversion shall be made at the exchange rate prevailing on the Business Day before the day on which judgment is
given. In the event that there is a change in the exchange rate prevailing between the Business Day before the day on which the judgment
is given and the date of receipt by Agent of the amount due, Administrative Borrower will, on the date of receipt by Agent, pay such additional
amounts, if any, or be entitled to receive reimbursement of such amount, if any, as may be necessary to ensure that the amount received
by Agent on such date is the amount in the Judgment Currency which when converted at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of receipt
by Agent is the amount then due under this Agreement, any of the Loan Documents in the Currency Due. If the amount of the Currency Due
which Agent is able to purchase is less than the amount of the Currency Due originally due to it, Administrative Borrower shall indemnify
and save Agent harmless from and against loss or damage arising as a result of such deficiency. The indemnity contained herein shall constitute
an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in this Agreement and the Loan Documents shall give rise to
a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by Agent from time to time and shall continue
in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due under this Agreement,
any of the Loan Documents or under any judgment or order.

17.18. Erroneous
Payments.

(a) Each
Lender, each other Bank Product Provider and any other party hereto hereby severally agrees that if (i) Agent notifies (which such
notice shall be conclusive absent manifest error) such Lender or any Bank Product Provider (or the Lender which is an Affiliate of a Lender
or Bank Product Provider) or any other Person that has received funds from Agent or any of its Affiliates, either for its own account
or on behalf of a Lender or Bank Product Provider (each such recipient, a "Payment Recipient") that Agent has determined
in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or
mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) or (ii) any Payment Recipient receives
any payment from Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified
in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment,
as applicable, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by Agent (or any of
its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise
becomes aware was transmitted or received in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) then, in each case, an error in payment shall be
presumed to have been made (any such amounts specified in clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 17.18(a), whether
received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise; individually and collectively,
an "Erroneous Payment"), then, in each case, such Payment Recipient is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the
time of its receipt of such Erroneous Payment; provided that nothing in this Section shall require Agent to provide any of
the notices specified in clauses (i) or (ii) above. Each Payment Recipient agrees that it shall not assert any right or claim
to any Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand,
claim or counterclaim by Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on "discharge
for value" or any similar doctrine.

-165-

(b) Without
limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Payment Recipient agrees that, in the case of clause (a)(ii) above, it shall
promptly notify Agent in writing of such occurrence.

(c) In
the case of either clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of Agent
and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of Agent, and upon demand from Agent such Payment Recipient
shall (or, shall cause any Person who received any portion of an Erroneous Payment on its behalf to), promptly, but in all events no later
than five (5) Business Days thereafter, return to Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which
such a demand was made in same day funds and in the currency so received, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived
in writing by Agent in its sole discretion) in respect of each day from and including the last day of such five (5) Business Period
to the date such amount is repaid to Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Agent in accordance with
banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.

(d) In
the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by Agent in accordance
with immediately preceding clause (c), from any Lender that is a Payment Recipient or an Affiliate of a Payment Recipient (such unrecovered
amount as to such Lender, an "Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency"), then at the sole discretion of Agent and upon Agent's
written notice to such Lender (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have made a cashless assignment of the full face amount of the portion
of its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the "Erroneous Payment Impacted
Loans") to Agent or, at the option of Agent, Agent's applicable lending affiliate (such assignee, the "Agent Assignee")
in an amount that is equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as Agent may specify) (such assignment of
the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans, the "Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment")
plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such assigned amount, without further consent or approval of any party hereto and without any
payment by Agent Assignee as the assignee of such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. Without limitation of its rights hereunder,
following the effectiveness of the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, Agent may make a cashless reassignment to the applicable assigning
Lender of any Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at any time by written notice to the applicable assigning Lender and upon such reassignment
all of the Loans assigned pursuant to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall be reassigned to such Lender without any requirement
for payment or other consideration. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (1) any assignment contemplated in this clause
(d) shall be made without any requirement for any payment or other consideration paid by the applicable assignee or received by the
assignor, (2) the provisions of this clause (d) shall govern in the event of any conflict with the terms and conditions of Section 13
and (3) Agent may reflect such assignments in the Register without further consent or action by any other Person.

-166-

(e) Each
party hereto hereby agrees that (x) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient
that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, Agent (1) shall be subrogated to all the rights of
such Payment Recipient and (2) is authorized to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient
under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by Agent to such Payment Recipient from any source, against any amount
due to Agent under this Section 17.18 or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement, (y) the receipt of an
Erroneous Payment by a Payment Recipient shall not for the purpose of this Agreement be treated as a payment, prepayment, repayment, discharge
or other satisfaction of any Obligations owed by the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous
Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by Agent from the Borrowers
or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making for a payment on the Obligations and (z) to the extent that an Erroneous Payment
was in any way or at any time credited as payment or satisfaction of any of the Obligations, the Obligations or any part thereof that
were so credited, and all rights of the Payment Recipient, as the case may be, shall be reinstated and continue in full force and effect
as if such payment or satisfaction had never been received.

(f) Each
party's obligations under this Section 17.18 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent or any transfer of right
or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of
all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document.

(g) The
provisions of this Section 17.18 to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) nothing in this Section 17.18 will
constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from any Payment Recipient's receipt of an Erroneous Payment
and (ii) there will only be deemed to be a recovery of the Erroneous Payment to the extent that Agent has received payment from the
Payment Recipient in immediately available funds the Erroneous Payment Return, whether directly from the Payment Recipient, as a result
of the exercise by Agent of its rights of subrogation or set off as set forth above in clause (e) or as a result of the receipt by
Agent Assignee of a payment of the outstanding principal balance of the Loans assigned to Agent Assignee pursuant to an Erroneous Payment
Deficiency Assignment, but excluding any other amounts in respect thereof (it being agreed that any payments of interest, fees, expenses
or other amounts (other than principal) received by Agent Assignee in respect of the Loans assigned to Agent Assignee pursuant to an Erroneous
Payment Deficiency Assignment shall be the sole property of Agent Assignee and shall not constitute a recovery of the Erroneous Payment).

-167-

17.19. UK
Loan Party Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, it
is acknowledged and agreed that no obligations and/or liabilities of any UK Loan Party under or in connection with any Loan Document (including
any Guarantied Obligations (as defined in any UK Security Document) or Lien granted by a UK Loan Party) the ("UK Loan Party Obligations")
will extend to include any obligation or liability to the extent that doing so would result in it constituting unlawful financial assistance
in any relevant jurisdiction (including within the meaning of sections 678 or 679 of the Companies Act 2006) as applicable to UK Loan
Parties.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank;
Signature Pages Follow.]

-168-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

BORROWER:

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.,

a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Credit Agreement

TCW
ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC, 

as Agent

By: 

Name: Suzanne Grosso

Title: Managing Director

Signature Page to Credit Agreement

WINGSPIRE
CAPITAL LLC, 

as Revolving Agent and a Revolving Lender

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]

EXHIBIT B

Amended and Restated Exhibit B-1 (Form of Borrowing
Base Certificate)

(see attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

WAIVER AND AMENDMENT
No. 1 to SUBORDINATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

This
WAIVER AND AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SUBORDINATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this "Amendment") is entered into as of March
3, 2025, by and among COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP., a Delaware corporation ("Comtech" or the "Borrower"),
the Lenders identified on the signature pages hereof (which Lenders constitute all Lenders under the Subordinated Credit Agreement immediately
prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment), the Guarantors identified on the signature pages hereof, and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for each member of the Lender Group (in such capacity, together with its successors
and assigns in such capacity, "Agent").

WHEREAS, Comtech, the Lenders
and Agent are parties to that certain Subordinated Credit Agreement dated as of October 17, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the "Subordinated Credit Agreement" and as amended
by this Amendment, the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS,
the Borrower has requested that the Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Lenders (as defined below) provide Amendment No. 1 Term Loans (as defined
below) on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (as defined below) in an aggregate principal amount of $40,000,000;

WHEREAS, the Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan Lenders have agreed to provide the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date to the Borrower on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein in an aggregate principal amount equal to its Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Commitment;

WHEREAS,
Events of Default have occurred and are continuing under the Subordinated Credit Agreement under (i) Section 8.2(a)(iii) of the Subordinated
Credit Agreement as a result of Borrowers' failure to have a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 0.96:1.0 for the 4 quarter period
ended January 31, 2025 in violation of Section 7(a) of the Subordinated Credit Agreement and (ii) Section 8.2(a)(iii) of the Subordinated
Credit Agreement as a result of Borrowers' failure to have a Net Leverage Ratio of not greater than 3.90:1.0 for the fiscal quarter ended
January 31, 2025 in violation of Section 7(b) of the Subordinated Credit Agreement (collectively, the Events of Default described in clauses
(i) and (ii) above, the "Existing Events of Default"); and

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested
that Agent and the Lenders (i) waive the Existing Events of Default and (ii) agree to amend the Subordinated Credit Agreement
in certain respects as more specifically set forth herein, including to permit the incurrence of the Amendment No. 1 Term Loan, and Agent
(at the written direction of the Lenders) and the Lenders have agreed to the foregoing, in each case on the terms and conditions set forth
herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. 
Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings
ascribed to such terms in the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement. In addition, the following terms have the following meanings specified:

Amendment No. 1 Term
Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Lender, the commitment of such Amendment No. 1 Term Loan
Lender to make an Amendment No. 1 Term Loan hereunder on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date pursuant to Section 2. The amount of
each Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Lenders Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Commitment as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date is set forth
on Schedule 1 hereto. The aggregate amount of the Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Commitments as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date
is $40,000,000.

Amendment No. 1 Term
Loan Lender means a Term Loan Lender with an Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Commitment on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date.

Amendment No. 1 Term
Loans means the Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2 of this Amendment.

2. 
Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Commitments; Amendment No. 1 Term Loans. On the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, each Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make Amendment No. 1 Term Loans to the Borrower in a principal amount not to exceed its Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan Commitment, with such Amendment No. 1 Term Loans having the terms set forth in the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement.
Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans may not be reborrowed. Except to the extent set forth in the Amended
Subordinated Credit Agreement with respect to the applicable Make-Whole Amount, the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans will have the same terms
as, and constitute the same class as, the Term Loans existing immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date.

3. 
Waiver. In reliance upon the representations and warranties of Borrower set forth in Section 8 below, and, with respect
to the Agent, pursuant to the direction set forth in Section 10 below, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness
set forth in Section 7 below, Agent and the Lenders hereby waive the Existing Events of Default. The foregoing waiver is a limited
waiver and shall not be deemed to constitute (a) a modification or alteration of the terms, conditions or covenants of the Amended
Subordinated Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, except as expressly set forth herein, (b) a waiver of any other breach
of, or any other Event of Default under, the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (c) a waiver, release
or limitation upon the exercise by Agent or any Lender of any of its rights, legal or equitable, hereunder or under the Amended Subordinated
Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document other than as set out herein. Nothing in this Amendment shall be deemed to be an agreement,
obligation or a commitment on the part of Agent or any Lender to waive or consent to any other actions by any Loan Party not permitted
by the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document.

4. 
Amendments to Subordinated Credit Agreement. In reliance upon the representations and warranties of Borrower set forth in
Section 8 below, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 7 below, the Subordinated
Credit Agreement is hereby amended (a) to delete red or green stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following
examples: stricken text and stricken text)
and (b) to add the blue or green double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined
text and double-underlined text), in each case, as set forth
in the conformed copy of the Subordinated Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A.

-2-

5. 
Continuing Effect. References in the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement to "this Agreement" (and indirect references
such as "hereunder", "hereby", "herein", and "hereof") and in any Loan Document to the "Subordinated
Credit Agreement" shall be deemed to be references to the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement as modified hereby. Except as expressly
set forth in Section 2 and Section 3 of this Amendment, nothing in this Amendment shall constitute a modification or
alteration of the terms, conditions or covenants of the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or a waiver
of any other terms or provisions thereof, and the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged
and shall continue in full force and effect, in each case as modified hereby. This Amendment is a Loan Document.

6. 
Reaffirmation and Confirmation. Each Loan Party party hereto (and with respect to each Loan Party other than the Borrower,
by such Loan Party's execution and delivery of the attached Consent and Reaffirmation) hereby ratifies, affirms, acknowledges and agrees
that the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party represent its valid, enforceable and
collectible obligations, and further acknowledges that there are no existing claims, defenses, personal or otherwise, or rights of setoff
whatsoever with respect to the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. Each Loan Party party hereto (and with
respect to each Loan Party other than the Borrowers, by such Loan Party's execution and delivery of the attached Consent and Reaffirmation)
hereby agrees that this Amendment in no way acts as a release or relinquishment of the Liens and rights securing payments of the Obligations.
The Liens and rights securing payment of the Obligations as amended by this Amendment are hereby ratified and confirmed by each Loan Party
party hereto (and with respect to each Loan Party other than the Borrower, by such Loan Party's execution and delivery of the attached
Consent and Reaffirmation) in all respects.

7. 
Conditions to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Amendment, and the obligation of each Lender to make the extension
of credit provided for in this Amendment, is subject to the fulfillment, to the reasonable satisfaction of each Lender (the making of
such extension of credit in connection with this Amendment by any Lender being conclusively deemed to be its reasonable satisfaction or
waiver of the following), of each of the following conditions precedent (the first date upon which all such conditions shall have been
satisfied being hereinafter referred to as the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date):

(a) 
Agent shall have received counterparts to this Amendment, duly executed and delivered, by the parties hereto:

(b) 
The Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Lenders shall have received a copy of the duly executed Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to the Senior
Credit Agreement.

(c) 
Agent and Lenders shall have received a certificate from the Secretary (or such other officer) of each Loan Party (i) attesting
to the resolutions of such Loan Party's board of directors (or comparable governing body) authorizing its execution, delivery, and performance
of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (ii) authorizing specific officers of such Loan Party to execute the same and (iii) attesting
to the incumbency and signatures of each specific officers of such Loan Party;

-3-

(d) 
Agent and Lenders shall have received copies of each Loan Party's Governing Documents, as amended, modified, or supplemented to
the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, which Governing Documents shall be either (x) (i) certified by the Secretary (or such other officer)
of such Loan Party, and (ii) with respect to Governing Documents that are charter documents, certified as of a recent date by the appropriate
governmental official or (y) certified by Secretary (or such other officer) of each Loan Party that such Governing Documents have not
been modified since the Closing Date;

(e) 
Agent and Lenders shall have received a certificate of status with respect to each Loan Party, such certificate to be issued by
the appropriate officer of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party, which certificate shall indicate that such Loan Party
is in good standing in such jurisdiction;

(f) 
Each of the Lenders and the Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Borrower on or prior to
the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses
(including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower under any Loan Document;

(g) 
Agent shall have received all other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Amendment
and such documents shall have been delivered or executed or recorded and shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders;

(h) 
the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Section 8 below shall be true and correct as of the
date hereof; and

(i) 
after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date hereof
or as of the effectiveness of, and after giving effect to, this Amendment.

8. 
Representations and Warranties. In order to induce Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each Loan Party party
hereto (and with respect to each Loan Party other than the Borrower, by such Loan Party's execution and delivery of the attached Consent
and Reaffirmation) hereby represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that:

(a) 
after giving effect to this Amendment, each of the representations and warranties of each Loan Party or its Subsidiaries contained
in the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement or in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that
such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality
in the text thereof) on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier
date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality
qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text
thereof)) as of such earlier date;

-4-

(b) 
after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(c) 
the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part
of such Loan Party and this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party; and

(d) 
this Amendment, the attached Consent and Reaffirmation and the Loan Documents, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding
obligations of the Loan Parties and are enforceable against such Loan Parties in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforcement
may be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or limiting
creditors' rights generally.

9. 
[Reserved].

10. 
Direction to Agent. Each undersigned Lender (i) hereby certifies that it is a Lender and that collectively the undersigned
Lenders constitute 100% of the Lenders under the Subordinated Credit Agreement, (ii) hereby authorizes and directs the Agent to promptly
acknowledge and execute this Amendment and that certain Consent Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the date hereof
in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Consent), and (iii) acknowledges and agrees that (A)
the Agent has executed this Amendment and the Consent in reliance on the direction set forth in clause (ii) of this Section 10,
and (B) the Agent will not have any responsibility or liability for executing such documents or ascertaining or confirming whether such
documents are consistent with or comply with the terms of the Subordinated Credit Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) or any other
Loan Document.

11. 
Miscellaneous.

(a) 
Expenses. The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all lender group expenses of Agent and the Lenders in connection with the
preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Amendment in accordance with the terms of the Amended Subordinated
Credit Agreement.

(b) 
Severability. Each provision of this Amendment shall be severable from every other provision of this Amendment for the purpose
of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision.

(c) 
Choice of Law and Venue; Jury Trial Waiver. Without limiting the applicability of any other provision of the Amended Subordinated
Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, the terms and provisions set forth in Section 12 of the Amended Subordinated Credit
Agreement are expressly incorporated herein by reference; provided, that, to the extent that (i) the reaffirmation and confirmation
given by the Loan Parties in Section 6 hereof and (ii) the attached Consent and Reaffirmation executed and delivered by the
Loan Parties relate to matters contained in Loan Documents governed by, and construed in accordance with laws other than the state of
New York, the laws governing those Loan Documents shall apply thereto.

-5-

(d) 
Counterparts; Electronic Execution. Without limiting the applicability of any other provision of the Amended Subordinated
Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, the terms and provisions set forth in Section 17.7 of the Amended Subordinated Credit
Agreement are expressly incorporated herein by reference.

12. Consent
and Reaffirmation. Each Guarantor hereby (i) acknowledges receipt of the Amendment, (ii) consents to the Borrower's execution
and delivery of the Amendment; (iii) agrees to be bound by the Amendment (including, without limitation, Section 11 hereof);
(iv) affirms that nothing contained in the Amendment shall modify in any respect whatsoever any Loan Document to which it is a party
except as expressly set forth therein; and (v) ratifies, affirms, acknowledges and agrees that each of the Loan Documents to which
such Guarantor is a party represents the valid, enforceable and collectible obligations of such Guarantor, and further acknowledges that
there are no existing claims, defenses, personal or otherwise, or rights of setoff whatsoever with respect to the Credit Agreement or
any other such Loan Document. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that the Amendment in no way acts as a release or relinquishment of the rights
securing payments of the Obligations as amended by the Amendment. The rights securing payment of the Obligations as amended by the Amendment
are hereby ratified and confirmed by such Guarantor in all respects. Although each Guarantor has been informed of the matters set forth
herein and has acknowledged and agreed to same, each Guarantor understands that none of Agent or any Lender has any obligation to inform
any Guarantor of such matters in the future or to seek any Guarantor's acknowledgment or agreement to future amendments, waivers or consents,
and nothing herein shall create such a duty. Without limiting the applicability of any other provision of the Amended Subordinated Credit
Agreement or any other Loan Document, the terms and provisions set forth in Section 12 of the Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement
are expressly incorporated herein by reference; provided that, to the extent that (i) the reaffirmation and confirmation given
by the Loan Parties in Section 5 of the Amendment and (ii) this Consent and Reaffirmation relate to matters contained in Loan
Documents governed by, and construed in accordance with laws other than the state of New York, the laws governing those Loan Documents
shall apply thereto.

[Signature Pages Follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized and delivered as of the date first
above written.

BORROWER:

COMTECH
TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Michael
A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer

GUARANTORS:

SOLACOM
TECHNOLOGIES (US), INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Michael
A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

NG-911,
INC., an Iowa corporation

By: /s/ Michael
A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

TELECOMMUNICATIONS
SYSTEMS, INC., a Maryland corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
SYSTEMS INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Assistant Secretary

Signature
Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Subordinated Credit Agreement

MICRODATA,
LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

NEXTGEN
COMMUNICATIONS INC., a Maryland corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

NEXTGEN
COMMUNICATIONS INC., a Virginia corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
NEXTGEN LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
MOBILE DATACOM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Assistant Secretary

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to
Subordinated Credit Agreement

COMTECH
TACTICAL EUROPE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Michael
A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

MICRODATA GIS, INC., a Vermont corporation

By: /s/
Nancy M. Stallone

Name:Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

MAPLE
ACQUISITION LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

By: /s/
Nancy M. Stallone

Name:Nancy M. Stallone

Title:Vice President and Assistant Secretary

OLIVE
ACQUISITION LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

By: /s/
Nancy M. Stallone

Name:Nancy M. Stallone

Title:Vice President and Assistant Secretary

ANGELS
ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/
Nancy M. Stallone

Name:Nancy M. Stallone

Title:Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH
AEROASTRO, INC., a Delaware corporation 

By: /s/
Nancy M. Stallone

Name:Nancy M. Stallone

Title:Vice President and Assistant Secretary

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to
Subordinated Credit Agreement

NETWORKS IN MOTION, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

SOLVERN INNOVATIONS, INC., a Maryland corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH SATELLITE NETWORK TECHNOLOGIES CORP., a Canadian federal corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Accounting Officer

COMTECH SOLACOM TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Canadian federal corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi 

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH UK HOLDINGS LIMITED, a United Kingdom Limited Corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Director

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to
Subordinated Credit Agreement

COMTECH ANTENNA SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH COMSTREAM, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

COMTECH TOLT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

TIERNAN RADYNE COMSTREAM, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Nancy M. Stallone 

Name: Nancy M. Stallone

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

Signature Page to Waiver
and Amendment No. 1 to Subordinated Credit Agreement

CGC TECHNOLOGY LIMITED, a United Kingdom Limited Corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Director

Signature Page to Waiver
and Amendment No. 1 to Subordinated Credit Agreement

COMITECH SATELLITE
NETWORK TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to
Subordinated Credit Agreement

U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

solely in its capacity as Agent

By: /s/ Aaron X. Smith

Name: Aaron X. Smith

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to
Subordinated Credit Agreement

WHITE HAT STRATEGIC
PARTNERS II LP, as Lender

By: White Hat SP
GP II LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Mark Quinlan

Name: Mark Quinlan

Title: Managing
Member

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to
Subordinated Credit Agreement

MAGNETAR ALPHA STAR FUND LLC,
as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment
manager

By: /s/
Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR LAKE CREDIT FUND LLC,
as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR LONGHORN FUND LP, as
Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment
manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR CAPITAL FUND II LP,
as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment
manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Subordinated Credit Agreement

MAGNETAR STRUCTURED CREDIT FUND,
LP, as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its general
partner

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

PURPOSE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT FUND
F LLC, as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment
manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

PURPOSE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT FUND
T LLC, as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment
manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to
Subordinated Credit Agreement

SCHEDULE 1

Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Commitments

Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Lender Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Commitment

Magnetar Alpha Star $3,636,288.35

MAGNETAR LAKE CREDIT $14,193,969.82

Magnetar Longhorn Fund $3,582,934.56

Magnetar Capital Fund II $289,290.81

Magnetar Structured Credit Fund $10,984,277.15

Purpose Alternative Fund - F $6,313,607.68

Purpose Alternative Fund - T $999,631.63

Total: $40,000,000

EXHIBIT A

Amended Subordinated Credit Agreement

(see attached)

EXHIBIT A
TO WAIVER AND AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SUBORDINATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Execution Version

SUBORDINATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

by and among

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Agent,

THE LENDERS THAT ARE PARTIES HERETO

as the Lenders,

and

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.,

and

THE GUARANTORS THAT ARE PARTIES

FROM TIME TO TIME HERETO

Dated as of October 17, 2024

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1. DEFINITIONS
AND CONSTRUCTION. 1

1.1. Definitions. 1

1.2. Accounting Terms. 34

1.3. Construction. 34

1.4. Time References. 35

1.5. Schedules and Exhibits. 35

1.6. Divisions. 35

2. LOANS AND
TERMS OF PAYMENT. 35

2.1. [Reserved]. 35

2.2. Term Loan. 35

2.3. Disbursement of Funds. 36

2.4. Payments; Prepayments. 36

2.5. Promise to Pay; Promissory Notes. 40

2.6. Make-Whole Amount; Interest. 41

2.7. Crediting Payments. 41

2.8. Designated Account. 41

3. CONDITIONS;
TERM OF AGREEMENT. 41

3.1. Conditions Precedent to the Initial Extension
of Credit. 41

3.2. Maturity. 42

3.3. Effect of Maturity. 42

4. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES. 42

4.1. Due Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries. 42

4.2. Due Authorization; No Conflict. 43

4.3. Governmental Consents. 43

4.4. Binding Obligations. 44

4.5. Title to Assets; No Encumbrances. 44

4.6. Litigation. 44

4.7. Compliance with Laws. 44

4.8. [Reserved]. 44

4.9. [Reserved]. 45

4.10. Employee Benefits. 45

-i-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

4.11. Environmental Condition. 46

4.12. Complete Disclosure. 47

4.13. Patriot Act, etc.. 47

4.14. Payment of Taxes. 47

4.15. Margin Stock. 47

4.16. Governmental Regulation. 47

4.17. OFAC; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws;
Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 48

4.18. Employee and Labor Matters. 48

4.19. Leases. 49

4.20. Material Contracts. 49

5. AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS. 49

5.1. Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates. 49

5.2. Reporting. 49

5.3. Existence. 50

5.4. Maintenance of Properties. 50

5.5. Taxes. 50

5.6. Insurance. 50

5.7. [Reserved]. 50

5.8. Compliance with Laws. 50

5.9. Environmental. Except as
would not, in each case, be material to any Loan Party: 50

5.10. Disclosure Updates. 51

5.11. Additional Guarantors. 51

5.12. [Reserved]. 52

5.13. [Reserved]. 52

5.14. [Reserved]. 52

5.15. OFAC; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws;
Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 52

5.16. Material Contracts. 52

5.17. Compliance with ERISA and the IRC. 52

-ii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

6. NEGATIVE
COVENANTS. 53

6.1. Indebtedness. 53

6.2. Liens. 53

6.3. Restrictions on Fundamental Changes. 53

6.4. Disposal of Assets. 54

6.5. Nature of Business. 54

6.6. Prepayments, Payments of Certain Indebtedness
and Amendments. 54

6.7. Restricted Payments. 55

6.8. Accounting Methods. 56

6.9. Investments. 56

6.10. Transactions with Affiliates. 56

6.11. Use of Proceeds. 57

6.12. Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests. 58

6.13. Inventory with Bailees. 58

6.14. Sale Leaseback Transactions. 58

6.15. Employee Benefits. 58

6.16. Non-Loan Party Subsidiaries. 59

6.17. Canadian Pension Matters. 59

6.18. Anti-Layering. 59

6.19. Tax Classification. 59

7. FINANCIAL
COVENANTS. 60

8. EVENTS
OF DEFAULT. 61

8.1. Payments. 61

8.2. Covenants. 61

8.3. Judgments. 62

8.4. Voluntary Bankruptcy. 62

8.5. Involuntary Bankruptcy. 62

8.6. [Reserved]. 62

8.7. Representations. 63

8.8. Guaranty. 63

8.9. Defaults Under Other Agreements. 63

8.10. Loan Documents. 63

-iii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

8.11. Change of Control. 60

8.12. ERISA. 60

8.13. [Reserved]. 61

8.14. Material Contracts. 61

8.15. Conduct of Business. 61

9. RIGHTS
AND REMEDIES. 64

9.1. Rights and Remedies. 64

9.2. Remedies Cumulative. 65

9.3. Curative Equity. 65

10. WAIVERS;
INDEMNIFICATION. 67

10.1. Demand; Protest; etc. 67

10.2. [Reserved]. 67

10.3. Indemnification. 67

11. NOTICES. 68

12. CHOICE
OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER. 69

13. ASSIGNMENTS;
SUCCESSORS. 71

13.1. Assignments. 71

13.2. Successors. 74

14. AMENDMENTS;
WAIVERS. 74

14.1. Amendments and Waivers. 74

14.2. Replacement of Certain Lenders. 75

14.3. No Waivers; Cumulative Remedies. 76

15. AGENT;
THE LENDER GROUP. 76

15.1. Appointment and Authorization of Agent. 76

15.2. Delegation of Duties. 77

15.3. Liability of Agent. 77

15.4. Reliance by Agent. 78

15.5. Notice of Default or Event of Default. 79

15.6. Credit Decision. 79

15.7. Costs and Expenses; Indemnification. 80

15.8. Agent in Individual Capacity. 80

15.9. Successor Agent. 80

-iv-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

15.10. Lender in Individual Capacity. 81

15.11. Restrictions on Actions by Lenders; Sharing
of Payments. 81

15.12. Payments by Agent to the Lenders. 82

15.13. Several Obligations; No Liability. 82

15.14. Erroneous Payments. 82

16. WITHHOLDING
TAXES. 84

16.1. Payments. 84

16.2. Exemptions. 85

16.3. Reductions. 87

16.4. Refunds. 87

16.5. Administrative Agent. 88

17. GENERAL
PROVISIONS. 88

17.1. Effectiveness. 88

17.2. Section Headings. 88

17.3. Interpretation. 88

17.4. Severability of Provisions. 88

17.5. [Reserved]. 88

17.6. Debtor-Creditor Relationship. 89

17.7. Counterparts; Electronic Execution. 89

17.8. Revival and Reinstatement of Obligations. 89

17.9. Confidentiality. 90

17.10. Survival. 91

17.11. Patriot Act; Due Diligence. 92

17.12. Integration. 92

17.13. UK Loan Party Limitations. 92

18. GUARANTY. 93

18.9. Waivers. 96

19. SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT. 97

-v-

EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES

Exhibit A-1 Form of Assignment
and Acceptance

Exhibit C-1 Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibits T-1 to T-4 Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificates

Schedule A-1 Agent's Account

Schedule A-2 Authorized Persons

Schedule C-1 Commitments

Schedule D-1 Designated Account

Schedule 3.1 Conditions Precedent

Schedule 5.1 Financial Statements, Reports,
Certificates

SUBORDINATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS
SUBORDINATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, is entered into as of October 17, 2024, by and among the lenders identified on the signature
pages hereof (each of such lenders, together with its successors and permitted assigns, is referred to hereinafter as a "Lender",
as that term is hereinafter further defined), U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for each
member of the Lender Group (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, "Agent"), and
COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP., a Delaware corporation ("Comtech" or the "Borrower").

The parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.

1.1. Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, (x) capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein have the respective meanings ascribed thereto
in the Senior Credit Agreement (as defined below) and (y) otherwise the following terms shall have the following definitions:

"Accounting Changes"
means changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (or successor thereto or any agency with similar
functions).

"Acquired Indebtedness"
means Indebtedness of a Person whose assets or Equity Interests are acquired by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in a Permitted
Acquisition; provided, that such Indebtedness (a) is either purchase money Indebtedness or a Capital Lease with respect to
Equipment or mortgage financing with respect to Real Property, (b) was in existence prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition,
and (c) was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition.

"Acquisition"
means (a) the purchase or other acquisition by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets of (or any
division or business line of) any other Person, or (b) the purchase or other acquisition (whether by means of a merger, amalgamation,
consolidation, or otherwise) by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all of the Equity Interests of any other Person.

"Administrative Questionnaire"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(a)(ii)(G) of this Agreement.

"Affiliate"
means, as applied to any Person, any other Person who controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes
of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, of the power
to direct the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of Equity Interests, by contract, or otherwise; provided,
that for purposes of Section 6.10 of this Agreement: (a) if any Person owns directly or indirectly 10% or more of the
Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other members of the governing body of a Person or 10%
or more of the partnership or other ownership interests of a Person (other than as a limited partner of such Person), then both such
Persons shall be Affiliates of each other, (b) each director (or comparable manager) of a Person shall be deemed to be an Affiliate
of such Person, and (c) each partnership in which a Person is a general partner shall be deemed an Affiliate of such Person.

"Agent" has
the meaning specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement.

"Agent-Related Persons"
means the Agent, together with its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents.

"Agent's Account"
means the deposit account of Agent identified on Schedule A-1 to this Agreement (or such other deposit account of Agent that has
been designated as such, in writing, by Agent to Borrower and the Lenders).

"Agreement"
means this Subordinated Credit Agreement, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time.

Amendment
No. 1 means the Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Subordinated Credit Agreement, March 3, 2025, by and among
the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, the Guarantors party thereto, and the Agent.

Amendment
No. 1 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Amendment No. 1.

"Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan Commitment" has the meaning set forth in Amendment No. 1.

Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan Lender has the meaning set forth in Amendment No. 1.

Amendment
No. 2 to Senior Credit Agreement means that certain Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of dated
as March 3, 2025, by and among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto, the Guarantors party thereto, and
the Senior Credit Agreement Agent.

"Anti-Corruption Laws"
means the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, as amended, and all other applicable laws and regulations or ordinances concerning or relating
to bribery, money laundering or corruption in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is located
or is doing business.

"Anti-Money Laundering
Laws" means the applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
is located or is doing business that relates to money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering, or any financial record keeping
and reporting requirements related thereto.

"Application Event"
means the occurrence of (a) a failure by Borrower to repay all of the Obligations in full on the Maturity Date, or (b) an Event
of Default and the election by Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) or the Required Lenders to require that payments be applied
pursuant to Section 2.4(b)(iii) of this Agreement.

-2-

"Assignee"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(a) of this Agreement.

"Assignment and Acceptance"
means an Assignment and Acceptance Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 to this Agreement, or such other form
acceptable to Agent.

"Authorized Person"
means any one of the individuals identified as an officer of the Borrower on Schedule A-2 to this Agreement, as such Schedule
is updated from time to time by written notice from Borrower to Agent.

Average Liquidity"
means, with respect to any fiscal quarter, the sum of the aggregate amount of Liquidity for each week in such period (calculated as of
the end of each applicable week) divided by the number of weeks in such period.

"Bankruptcy Code"
means title 11 of the United States Code, as in effect from time to time.

"Benefit Plan"
means a "defined benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA) for which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries
or ERISA Affiliates has been an "employer" (as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA) within the past six years.

"Board of Directors"
means, as to any Person, the board of directors (or comparable managers or other governing body or Person) of such Person, or any committee
thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of the board of directors (or comparable managers or other governing body or Person).

"Board of Governors"
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor).

"Borrower"
has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement.

"Borrower Materials"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(c) of this Agreement.

"Business Day"
means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the office of the Agent is
authorized or required by law to remain is closed.

"Canadian AML Laws"
means Part II.I of the Criminal Code, R.S.C. 1985, c. C-46, The Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing
Act, S.C. 2000, c. 17 and the United Nations Act, R.S.C. 1985, c.U-2 or any similar Canadian legislation, together with all
rules, regulations and interpretations thereunder or related thereto including the Regulations Implementing the United Nations Resolutions
on the Suppression of Terrorism and the United Nations Al-Qaida and Taliban Regulations promulgated under the United Nations Act.

-3-

"Canadian Defined Benefit
Pension Plan" means a Canadian Pension Plan, which contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection
147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada).

"Canadian Loan Party"
means (a) as of the Closing Date, Comtech Satellite Network Technologies Corp. and Comtech Solacom Technologies, Inc. and (b) each
other Person organized under the federal, provincial or territorial laws of Canada that becomes a Loan Party after the Closing Date pursuant
to Section 5.11 of this Agreement.

"Canadian Pension Benefits
Legislation" means the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario), and any Canadian federal, provincial, territorial or local counterparts
or equivalents, in each case, as applicable and as amended from time to time.

"Canadian Pension Plan"
means a pension plan that is subject to the Canadian Pension Benefits Legislation and the Income Tax Act (Canada) and that is
either (a) maintained or sponsored by any Loan Party for employees or (b) maintained pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement,
or other arrangement under which more than one employer makes contributions and to which any Loan Party is making or accruing an obligation
to make contributions or has within the preceding five years made or accrued such contributions, but excludes a statutory benefit plan
which any Loan Party is required to participate in or comply with, including the Canada Pension Plan and the Quebec Pension Plan.

"Capital Expenditures"
means, with respect to any Person for any period, the amount of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period
that are capital expenditures as determined in accordance with GAAP, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, but excluding,
without duplication (a) with respect to the purchase price of assets that are purchased substantially contemporaneously with the
trade-in of existing assets during such period, the amount that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted
by the seller of such assets for the assets being traded in at such time and (b) expenditures made during such period to consummate
one or more Permitted Acquisitions.

"Capital Lease"
means a lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, that is required
to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP.

"Capitalized Lease
Obligation" means that portion of the obligations under a Capital Lease that is required to be capitalized in accordance with
GAAP.

-4-

"Cash Equivalents"
means (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States or issued by any agency thereof
and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof,
(b) marketable direct obligations issued or fully guaranteed by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any
such state or any public instrumentality thereof maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition,
having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from either Standard & Poor's Rating Group ("S&P") or
Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), (c) commercial paper maturing no more than 270 days from the
date of creation thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moody's,
(d) certificates of deposit, time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers' acceptances maturing within one year from the date
of acquisition thereof issued by any bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia
or any United States branch of a foreign bank having at the date of acquisition thereof combined capital and surplus of not less than
$1,000,000,000, (e) Deposit Accounts maintained with (i) any bank that satisfies the criteria described in clause (d) above,
or (ii) any other bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof so long as the full amount maintained
with any such other bank is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, (f) repurchase obligations of any commercial bank
satisfying the requirements of clause (d) of this definition or of any recognized securities dealer having combined capital and
surplus of not less than $1,000,000,000, having a term of not more than seven days, with respect to securities satisfying the criteria
in clauses (a) or (d) above, (g) debt securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed
by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (d) above, and (h) Investments
in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are invested in the types of assets described in clauses (a) through (g) above.

"Cash Management Services"
means any cash management or related services including treasury, depository, return items, overdraft, controlled disbursement, merchant
store value cards, e-payables services, electronic funds transfer, interstate depository network, automatic clearing house transfer (including
the Automated Clearing House processing of electronic funds transfers through the direct Federal Reserve Fedline system) and other cash
management arrangements.

"Change of Control"
means that:

(a) any
Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert (other than Permitted Holders), shall have acquired beneficial ownership, directly or
indirectly, of Equity Interests of Comtech (or other securities convertible into such Equity Interests) representing 35% or more of the
combined voting power of all Equity Interests of Comtech entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote for the
election of members of the Board of Directors of Comtech,

(b) any
Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert (other than Permitted Holders), shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall
have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to
exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of Comtech or control over the Equity Interests
of such Person entitled to vote for members of the Board of Directors of Comtech on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all
such Equity Interests that such Person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) representing 35% or more of the
combined voting power of such Equity Interests,

(c) the
Permitted Holders fail to own and control, directly or indirectly, a majority of the outstanding shares of the Specified Preferred Equity,

-5-

(d) a
majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Comtech do not constitute Continuing Directors,

(e) Comtech
fails to own and control, directly or indirectly, 100% of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party other than (a) in
connection with a sale of all (but not less than all) of the Equity Interests of a Loan Party pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 6.4
or (b) in connection with an Investment permitted by Section 6.9 in a joint venture or other non-wholly-owned
Subsidiary that is or becomes a Loan Party,

(f) any
sale of all or substantially all of the property or assets of Comtech and its Subsidiaries other than in a sale or transfer to another
Loan Party, or

(g) the
occurrence of any "Change of Control" (or, in each case, similar event, however denominated) under and as defined in any Specified
Preferred Equity Document, any indenture or other agreement or instrument evidencing, governing the rights of the holders of or otherwise
relating to any Indebtedness in an aggregate amount greater than $10,000,000 of Comtech or any Subsidiaries or any certificate of designations
(or other provision of the organizational documents of Comtech) relating to, or any other agreement governing the rights of the holders
of, any Disqualified Equity Interests.

"Closing Date"
means October 17, 2024.

"Commitment"
means, with respect to each Lender, its Term Loan Commitment Loan Commitments,
and, with respect to all Lenders, their Term, as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Lender's name under the applicable
heading onSchedule C-1to this Agreement or in the Assignment
and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time
to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions
of Section 13.1of this Agreement.

"Closing
Date Term Loan" has the meaning specified therefor in
Section 2.2(a).

"Compliance Certificate"
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to this Agreement delivered by the chief financial officer or
treasurer of Comtech to Agent.

"Comtech"
has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement.

"Confidential Information"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(a) of this Agreement.

"Continuing Director"
means (a) any member of the Board of Directors who was a director (or comparable manager) of Comtech on the Closing Date, (b) any
individual who becomes a member of the Board of Directors after the Closing Date if such individual was approved, appointed or nominated
for election to the Board of Directors by a majority of the Continuing Directors, and (c) any member of the Board of Directors that
was nominated by the Permitted Holders pursuant to the terms of the Specified Preferred Equity Documents.

-6-

"Curative Equity"
means the amount of proceeds received by Comtech from the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests in immediately available funds, which
proceeds are designated "Curative Equity" by Borrowers under Section 9.3 of this Agreement at the time it is contributed.
For the avoidance of doubt, the forgiveness of antecedent debt (whether Indebtedness, trade payables, or otherwise) shall not constitute
Curative Equity.

"Default"
means an event, condition, or default that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.

"Deposit Account"
means any deposit account (as that term is defined in the Code), or any account maintained for the deposit of funds with a Canadian bank,
trust company or other financial institution accepting funds for deposit in Canada.

"Designated Account"
means the Deposit Account of Borrower identified on Schedule D-1 to this Agreement (or such other Deposit Account of Borrower
located at Designated Account Bank that has been designated as such, in writing, by Borrower to Agent).

"Designated Account
Bank" has the meaning specified therefor in Schedule D-1 to this Agreement (or such other bank that is located within
the United States that has been designated as such, in writing, by Borrower to Agent in the applicable Notice of Borrowing).

Discharge of Senior
Credit Agreement Obligations shall mean the payment in full in cash of all Senior Credit Agreement Obligations under the Senior
Credit Agreement, other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been made, and the termination of all commitments thereunder.

"Disqualified Equity
Interests" means any Equity Interests that, by their terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which
they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or are mandatorily
redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result
of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset
sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the
termination of the Commitments), (b) are redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity
Interests), in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date, other than following the prior payment
in full of the Obligations, (c) requires scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) are or become convertible into or
exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior
to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date; provided that, the Specified Preferred Equity shall not constitute Disqualified
Equity Interests.

"Dollars"
or "$" means United States dollars.

"Earn-Outs"
means unsecured liabilities of a Loan Party arising under an agreement to make any deferred payment as a part of the Purchase Price for
a Permitted Acquisition, including performance bonuses or consulting payments in any related services, employment or similar agreement,
in an amount that is subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of the target of such Permitted
Acquisition.

-7-

"EBITDA" has
the meaning assigned to the term EBITDA in the Senior Credit Agreement, plus any proceeds of Curative Equity (as
defined in the Senior Credit Agreement).

"Eligible Transferee"
means (a) any Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender and any Related Fund of any Lender; (b) (i) a commercial bank organized
under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having total assets in excess of $5,000,000,000; (ii) a savings and
loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having total assets in excess
of $5,000,000,000; (iii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country or a political subdivision thereof; provided,
that (A) (x) such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States, or (y) such bank is organized
under the laws of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or a political subdivision
of such country, and (B) such bank has total assets in excess of $5,000,000,000; (c) any other entity (other than a natural
person) that is an "accredited investor" (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) that extends credit or buys
loans as one of its businesses including insurance companies, investment or mutual funds and lease financing companies; and (d) during
the continuation of an Event of Default, any other Person approved by Agent.

"Employee Benefit Plan"
means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA, (a) that
is or within the preceding six (6) years has been sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate or
(b) to which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has, or has had at any time within the preceding six (6) years, any liability,
contingent or otherwise.

"Environmental Action"
means any written complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative
proceeding, judgment, letter, or other written communication from any Governmental Authority, or any third party involving violations
of Environmental Laws or releases of Hazardous Materials (a) from or impacting any assets, properties, or businesses of any Loan
Party, any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, or any of their predecessors in interest, or (b) from or onto any facilities which received
Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party, any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, or any of their predecessors in interest.

"Environmental Law"
means any applicable federal, state, provincial, territorial, foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, binding
and enforceable guideline, binding and enforceable written policy, or rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each
case as amended, or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree
or judgment, in each case, to the extent binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, relating to the environment, the effect of the
environment on employee health, or Hazardous Materials, in each case as amended from time to time.

"Environmental Liabilities"
means all liabilities, monetary obligations, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses
of counsel, experts, or consultants, and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions, and interest incurred
as a result of any claim or demand, or Remedial Action required, by any Governmental Authority or any third party, and which relate to
any Environmental Action.

-8-

"Environmental Lien"
means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities.

"Equipment"
means equipment (as that term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable).

"Equity Interests"
means, with respect to a Person, all of the shares, options, warrants, interests, participations, or other equivalents (regardless of
how designated) of or in such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including capital stock (or other ownership or profit interests or
units), preferred stock, or any other "equity security" (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and
Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act).

"ERISA" means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute thereto.

"ERISA Affiliate"
means (a) any Person subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer as the employees of any Loan
Party or its Subsidiaries under IRC Section 414(b), (b) any trade or business subject to ERISA whose employees are treated
as employed by the same employer as the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under IRC Section 414(c), (c) solely
for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any organization subject to ERISA that is a member of an affiliated
service group of which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a member under IRC Section 414(m), or (d) solely for purposes
of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any Person subject to ERISA that is a party to an arrangement with any
Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and whose employees are aggregated with the employees of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under
IRC Section 414(o).

"Erroneous Payment"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 15.14(a) of this Agreement.

"Erroneous Payment
Demand" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 15.14(a) of this Agreement.

"Erroneous Payment
Subrogation Rights" has the meaning specified therefor in Section 15.14(d) of this Agreement.

"Event of Default"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 8 of this Agreement.

"Exchange Act"
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect from time to time.

-9-

"Excluded
Taxes" means (i) any Tax imposed on the net income or net profits of any Recipient (including any branch profits
taxes), in each case (a) imposed by the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such
Recipient is organized or the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Recipient's principal
office is located in or (b) that is an Other Connection Tax, (ii) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for a Recipient's
failure to comply with the requirements of Section 16.2 or 16.5 of this Agreement, (iii) in the case of a Lender,
U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest
in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to applicable law in effect on the date on which (a) such Lender or Agent acquires such interest
in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by a Borrower under Section 14.2) or (b) such
Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 16, amounts with respect to
such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in the Loan
or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (iv) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed
under FATCA; and (v) any Canadian federal withholding Taxes imposed as a result of any Lender (a) not dealing at arms
length (within the meaning of the Tax Act) with a Loan Party, (b) being a specified non-resident shareholder
(as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Tax Act) of a Loan Party or not dealing at arms length with a specified
shareholder of a Loan Party (in each case within the meaning of the Tax Act) or (c) such Recipient being a specified
entity as defined in the proposals to amend the Tax Act released on November 28, 2023 (Bill C-59) with respect to hybrid
mismatch arrangements (or as defined in any substantially similar successor proposals thereto), in respect of a Loan Party, except
in the case of clauses (v)(a), (b) and (c) above where any such non-arms length, specified non-resident shareholder,
specified shareholder or specified entity relationship arises as a result of such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document.

"FATCA" means
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable
and not materially more onerous to comply with), and (a) any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof,
(b) any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC, and (c) any intergovernmental agreement
entered into by the United States (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental
agreement entered into in connection therewith).

"FCPA" means
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

"Fee Letter"
means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of October 14, 2024, among the Borrower and Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent.

"Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio" means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Comtech determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for such period minus Unfinanced Capital Expenditures made (to the extent not already incurred
in a prior period) or incurred during such period, to (b) Fixed Charges for such period.

-10-

"Fixed Charges"
means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Comtech determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the
sum, without duplication, of (a) Interest Expense required to be paid (other than interest paid-in-kind, amortization of financing
fees, and other non-cash Interest Expense) during such period, (b) scheduled principal payments in respect of Indebtedness that
are required to be paid during such period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, principal payments relating to the Revolving Loans),
(c) all federal, state, provincial, territorial and local income taxes required to be paid during such period (net of tax refunds
received in cash to the extent such tax refunds are received in the period in which the applicable cash outlay for such taxes was made),
(d) all management, consulting, monitoring, and advisory fees paid to any Permitted Holder or its Affiliates during such period,
(e) all Restricted Payments paid during such period in cash, and (f) to the extent not otherwise deducted from EBITDA for such
period, all payments required to be made during such period in respect of any funding deficiency or funding shortfall with respect to
any Pension Plan or for any Withdrawal Liability.

For the purposes of calculating
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any Reference Period, if at any time during such Reference Period (and after the Closing Date), any Loan
Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall have made a Permitted Acquisition, Fixed Charges and Unfinanced Capital Expenditures for such
Reference Period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto or in such other manner acceptable to Agent (at the direction
of the Required Lenders) as if any such Permitted Acquisition occurred on the first day of such Reference Period.

"Foreign Lender"
means any Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

"Foreign Subsidiary"
means any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United
States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

"Funded Indebtedness"
means, as of any date of determination, with respect to Comtech, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, all Indebtedness
for borrowed money or letters of credit, Indebtedness consisting of obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of assets and
any earn-out or similar obligations, and Indebtedness consisting of contingent obligations classified as Indebtedness on a balance sheet
prepared in accordance with GAAP, including, in any event, but without duplication, with respect to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries,
the Loans and the amount of their Capitalized Lease Obligations and, unless contested by Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries diligently
and in good faith, trade payables outstanding for more than 60 days after the date such payable was due (or, solely for purposes of calculating
the Net Leverage Ratio on the Closing Date, more than 90 days after the date such payable was due).

"Funding Date"
means the date on which thea
borrowing occurs.

"GAAP" means
generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States, consistently applied.

-11-

"Governing Documents"
means, with respect to any Person, the certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws, or other organizational documents of such Person,
or any other agreement relating to the voting rights or corporate governance of such Person.

"Governmental Authority"
means the government of any nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether at the national, state, territorial, provincial, county,
municipal or any other level, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, tribunal, central bank or other entity
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of, or pertaining to, government
(including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

"Guarantied Obligations"
means all of the Obligations now or hereafter existing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Guarantied Obligations shall
include all amounts that constitute part of the Guarantied Obligations and would be owed by the Borrower to Agent or any other member
of the Lender Group but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable, including due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization,
other Insolvency Proceeding or similar proceeding involving the Borrower or any Guarantor.

"Guarantor"
means (a) each Person that guaranties all or a portion of the Obligations, including any Person that is a signatory to this Agreement
as a "Guarantor, and (b) each other Person that becomes a guarantor of the obligations under the Senior Credit Agreement after
the Closing Date pursuant to 5.11 of this Agreement.

"Guaranty"
means the guaranty set forth in Article 18 hereof.

"Hazardous Materials"
means (a) substances that are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to, any applicable laws or regulations as "hazardous
substances," "hazardous materials," "hazardous wastes," "toxic substances," or any other formulation
intended to define, list, or classify substances by reason of deleterious properties such as ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity,
reproductive toxicity, or "EP toxicity", (b) oil, petroleum, or petroleum derived substances, natural gas, natural gas
liquids, synthetic gas, drilling fluids, produced waters, and other wastes associated with the exploration, development, or production
of crude oil, natural gas, or geothermal resources, (c) any flammable substances or explosives or any radioactive materials, and
(d) asbestos in any form or electrical equipment that contains any oil or dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated
biphenyls in excess of 50 parts per million.

"Hedge Agreement"
means a "swap agreement" as that term is defined in Section 101(53B)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code.

-12-

"Indebtedness"
as to any Person means (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced
by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit,
bankers acceptances, or other financial products, (c) all obligations of such Person as a lessee under Capital Leases, (d) all
obligations or liabilities of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability
is assumed, (e) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of assets (other than trade payables incurred
in the ordinary course of business and, for the avoidance of doubt, other than royalty payments payable in the ordinary course of business
in respect of non-exclusive licenses) and any earn-out or similar obligations, (f) all monetary obligations of such Person owing
under Hedge Agreements (which amount shall be calculated based on the amount that would be payable by such Person if the Hedge Agreement
were terminated on the date of determination), (g) any Disqualified Equity Interests of such Person, and (h) any obligation
of such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted, or sold
with recourse) any obligation of any other Person that constitutes Indebtedness under any of clauses (a) through (g) above.
For purposes of this definition, (i) the amount of any Indebtedness represented by a guaranty or other similar instrument shall
be the lesser of the principal amount of the obligations guaranteed and still outstanding and the maximum amount for which the guaranteeing
Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Indebtedness, and (ii) the amount of any Indebtedness
which is limited or is non-recourse to a Person or for which recourse is limited to an identified asset shall be valued at the lesser
of (A) if applicable, the limited amount of such obligations, and (B) if applicable, the fair market value of such assets securing
such obligation.

"Indemnified Liabilities"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.3 of this Agreement.

"Indemnified Person"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.3 of this Agreement.

"Indemnified Taxes"
means, (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by, or on account of any obligation
of, any Loan Party under any Loan Document, and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes.

"Insolvency Proceeding"
means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency
Act (Canada), the Winding-Up and Restructuring Act (Canada), the Companies Creditor Arrangement Act (Canada)
or under any other state, provincial, territorial or federal or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law, assignments for the benefit of
creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement,
or other similar relief.

"Interest Expense"
means, for any period, the aggregate of the interest expense of Comtech for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP.

"Inventory"
means inventory (as that term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable).

"Investment"
means, with respect to any Person, any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees,
advances, capital contributions (excluding (a) commission, travel, and similar advances to officers and employees of such Person
made in the ordinary course of business, and (b) bona fide accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business), or acquisitions
of Indebtedness, Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line
of such other Person), and any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with
GAAP. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any
adjustment for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs, or write-offs with respect to such Investment.

-13-

"IRC" means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect from time to time.

"Legal Reservations"
means (a) the principle that equitable remedies are remedies which may be granted or refused at the discretion of the court and
principles of good faith and fair dealing, (b) the limitation of enforcement by laws relating to insolvency, reorganisation and
other laws generally affecting the rights of creditors, (c) the existence of timing limitations with respect to the bringing of
claims under applicable limitation laws and the defenses of acquiescence, set-off or counterclaim and the possibility that an undertaking
to assume liability for, or to indemnify a Person against, non-payment of stamp duty may be void, (d) the principle that in certain
jurisdictions and under certain circumstances a Lien granted by way of fixed charge may be re-characterized as a floating charge or that
security purported to be constituted as an assignment may be re-characterized as a charge, (e) the principle that additional interest
imposed pursuant to any relevant agreement may be held to be unenforceable on the grounds that it is a penalty and thus void, (f) the
principle that a court may not give effect to an indemnity for legal costs incurred by an unsuccessful litigant, (g) the principle
that the creation or purported creation of collateral over any claim, other right, contract or agreement which is subject to a prohibition
on transfer, assignment or charging may be void, ineffective or invalid and may give rise to a breach of the contract or agreement (or
contract or agreement relating to or governing the claim or other right) over which security has purportedly been created, (h) the
principle that a court may not give effect to any parallel debt provisions, covenants to pay or other similar provisions, (i) the
principle that certain remedies in relation to regulated entities may require further approval from government or regulatory bodies or
pursuant to agreements with such bodies, (j) the principles of private and procedural laws which affect the enforcement of a foreign
court judgment, (k) similar principles, rights and defenses under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, (l) the UK Guarantee
Limitations and (m) any other matters which are set out as qualifications or reservations (however described) in any legal opinion
delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents.

"Lender" has
the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement, and shall also include any other Person made a party to this Agreement pursuant
to the provisions of Section 13.1 of this Agreement and "Lenders" means each of the Lenders or any one or more
of them.

"Lender Group"
means each of the Lenders and Agent, or any one or more of them.

"Lender Group Representatives"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9 of this Agreement.

-14-

"Lender-Related Person"
means, with respect to any Lender, such Lender, together with such Lender's Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and
agents.

"Lien" means
any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, charge, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, easement, lien (statutory or
other), security interest, or other security arrangement and any other preference, priority, or preferential arrangement of any kind
or nature whatsoever, including any conditional sale contract or other title retention agreement, the interest of a lessor under a Capital
Lease and any synthetic or other financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing.

"Liquidity"
means, as of any date of determination, the sum of Availability (as defined under the Senior Credit Agreement) and Qualified Cash as
of such date.

"Loan Documents"
means this Agreement, Amendment No. 1, the Subordination
Agreement, any Notice of Borrowing, any note or notes executed by Borrower in connection with this Agreement and payable to any member
of the Lender Group, the Fee Letter and any other instrument or agreement entered into, now or in the future, by any Loan Party or any
of its Subsidiaries and any member of the Lender Group in connection with this Agreement.

"Loan Party"
means the Borrower or any Guarantor.

"Loans" means
the Term Loan.

"Make-Whole
Amount" means, (x)
with respect to the Closing Date Term Loan (i) from the Closing Date through (but not including) the date that
is nine months thereafter, the Make-Whole Principal multiplied by 33%amount
set forth in the row styled Level I in the following table, (ii) from the date that is nine months after
the Closing Date through (but not including) the date that is the second anniversary of the Closing Date, the Make-Whole
Principal multiplied by 50%amount set forth in the row
styled Level II in the following table, (iii) from the second anniversary of the Closing Date and thereafter,
the Make-Whole Principal multiplied by 75% plus, in the case
of clause (iii), interest accrued on the Make-Whole Principal at the Make-Whole Interest Rate starting on the second anniversary of the
Closing Date and calculated as of any such date of determination.amount
set forth in the row styled Level III in the following table and (y) with respect to the Amendment No. 1 Term
Loan (i) from the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date through (but not including) the date that is nine months thereafter, the amount
set forth in the row styled Level I in the following table, (ii) from the date that is nine months after the Amendment
No. 1 Effective Date through (but not including) the date that is the second anniversary of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date,
the amount set forth in the row styled Level II in the following table (iii) from the second anniversary of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and thereafter, the amount
set forth in the row styled Level III in the following table.

Level Applicable
Make-Whole Amount for 

the Closing Date Term Loan or the Amendment No. 1 Term Loan

(the "MOIC Level")

I the
applicable Make-Whole Principal multiplied by 33%

II the
applicable Make-Whole Principal multiplied by 50%

III 

the
applicable Make-Whole Principal multiplied by 75%

plus,
interest accrued on the applicable Make-Whole Principal at the Make-Whole Interest Rate starting on the second anniversary of the
Closing Date or Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (as applicable) and calculated as of any such date of determination

-15-

"Make-Whole Interest
Rate" means a rate of 16.00% per annum, which shall be increased by 2.00% per annum upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Event of Default.

"Make-Whole Principal"
means (x) with respect to the Closing Date Term Loans, the
original principal amount (excluding capitalized interest paid-in-kind thereon) of the Closing
Date Term Loans to be repaid or accelerated on such date (not taking into account any purchase discount, original issue discount
or upfront fees paid or credited with respect to the Closing Date Term
Loans, expense reimbursements and other fees and expenses, or other amounts customarily excluded therefrom) and (y) with respect
to the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans, the original principal amount (excluding capitalized interest paid-in-kind thereon) of the Amendment
No. 1 Term Loans to be repaid or accelerated on such date (not taking into account any purchase discount, original issue discount
or upfront fees paid or credited with respect to the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans, expense reimbursements and other fees
and expenses, or other amounts customarily excluded therefrom).

"Margin Stock"
as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors as in effect from time to time.

"Material Adverse Effect"
means (a) a material adverse effect in the business, operations, results of operations, assets, liabilities or financial condition
of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (b) a material impairment of the Loan Parties' and their Subsidiaries'
ability to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents to which they are parties or of the Lender Group's ability to enforce the
Obligations (other than as a result of as a result of an action taken or not taken that is solely in the control of Agent).

"Material Contract"
means, with respect to any Person, each contract or agreement to which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries is a party involving aggregate
consideration payable to or by such Person or such Subsidiary of $50,000,000 or more in any fiscal year, which shall exclude the Senior
Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement).

-16-

"Maturity Date"
means the date that is 90 days after the Senior Credit Agreement Maturity Date (provided that, if such day is not a Business Day,
then on the immediately succeeding Business Day).

"Moody's"
has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Cash Equivalents.

"Multiemployer Plan"
means any multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA with respect to which any Loan Party
or ERISA Affiliate has an obligation to contribute or has any liability, contingent or otherwise or could be assessed withdrawal liability
assuming a complete withdrawal from any such multiemployer plan.

"Net Cash Proceeds"
means:

(a) with
respect to any sale or disposition by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of assets, the amount of cash proceeds received (directly
or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment of deferred consideration) by or on behalf
of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, in connection therewith after deducting therefrom only (i) the amount of any Indebtedness
secured by any Permitted Lien on any asset (other than (A) Indebtedness owing to Agent or any Lender under this Agreement or the
other Loan Documents and (B) Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such asset) which is required to be, and is, repaid in connection
with such sale or disposition, (ii) reasonable fees, commissions, and expenses related thereto and required to be paid by such Loan
Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such sale or disposition, (iii) taxes paid or payable to any taxing authorities by such
Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such sale or disposition, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that the
amounts so deducted are, at the time of receipt of such cash, actually paid or payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of any Loan
Party or any of its Subsidiaries, and are properly attributable to such transaction, (iv) all amounts that are set aside as a reserve
(A) for adjustments in respect of the purchase price of such assets, (B) for any liabilities associated with such sale or casualty,
to the extent such reserve is required by GAAP, and (C) for the payment of unassumed liabilities relating to the assets sold or
otherwise disposed of at the time of, or within 30 days after, the date of such sale or other disposition, to the extent that in each
case the funds described above in this clause (iv) are (x) deposited into escrow with a third party escrow agent or set aside
in a separate Deposit Account, and (y) paid to Agent as a prepayment of the applicable Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(e) of
this Agreement at such time when such amounts are no longer required to be set aside as such a reserve and (v) any required prepayment
of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations; and

(b) with
respect to the issuance or incurrence of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or the issuance by any Loan Party
or any of its Subsidiaries of any Equity Interests, the aggregate amount of cash received (directly or indirectly) from time to time
(whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Loan Party
or such Subsidiary in connection with such issuance or incurrence, after deducting therefrom only (i) reasonable fees, commissions,
and expenses related thereto and required to be paid by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such issuance or incurrence,
(ii) taxes paid or payable to any taxing authorities by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such issuance or incurrence,
in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are, at the time of receipt of such cash, actually paid
or payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, and are properly attributable to such transaction,
and (iii) any required prepayment of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations.

-17-

"Net Leverage Ratio"
has the meaning assigned to the term Net Leverage Ratio in the Senior Credit Agreement.

"Non-Consenting Lender"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 14.2(a) of this Agreement.

"Notice of Borrowing"
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 to this Agreement delivered by an Authorized Person of Comtech
to Agent.

"Notification Event"
means (a) the occurrence of a "reportable event" described in Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day notice requirement
has not been waived by applicable regulations issued by the PBGC, (b) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate from a
Pension Plan during a plan year in which it was a "substantial employer" as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA,
(c) the termination of a Pension Plan, the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension
Plan amendment as a termination, under Section 4041 of ERISA, if the plan assets are not sufficient to pay all plan liabilities,
(d) the institution of proceedings to terminate, or the appointment of a trustee with respect to, any Pension Plan by the PBGC or
any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan administrator, (e) any other event or condition that would constitute grounds under Section 4042(a) of
ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan, (f) the imposition of a Lien pursuant
to the IRC or ERISA in connection with any Employee Benefit Plan or the existence of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably
be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien, (g) the partial or complete withdrawal of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate from
a Multiemployer Plan (other than any withdrawal that would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.12), (h) any
event or condition that results in the insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, (i) [reserved],
(j) any Pension Plan being in "at risk status" within the meaning of IRC Section 430(i), (k) any Multiemployer
Plan being in "endangered status" or "critical status" within the meaning of IRC Section 432(b) or the
determination that any Multiemployer Plan is or is expected to be insolvent within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, (l) with respect
to any Pension Plan, any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate incurring a substantial cessation of operations within the meaning of ERISA Section 4062(e),
(m) an "accumulated funding deficiency" within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC
or Section 302 of ERISA) or the failure of any Pension Plan to meet the minimum funding standards within the meaning of the IRC
or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA), in each case, whether or not waived, (n) the filing
of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standards within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of
the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA) with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (o) the failure to make by its due
date a required payment or contribution with respect to any Pension Plan, or (p) any event that results in or could reasonably be
expected to result in a liability by a Loan Party pursuant to Title I of ERISA or the excise tax provisions of the IRC relating to Employee
Benefit Plans or any event that results in or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability to any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate
pursuant to Title IV of ERISA or Section 401(a)(29) of the IRC.

-18-

"Obligations"
means all loans (including the Loans), debts, principal, interest (including any interest that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency
Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), premiums, liabilities,
obligations (including indemnification obligations), fees and expenses (including the fees and expenses to be reimbursed pursuant to
Section 15.7 and the Fee Letter and any fees or expenses that accrue after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding,
regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), guaranties, and all covenants
and duties of any other kind and description owing by any Loan Party arising out of, under, pursuant to, in connection with, or evidenced
by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect,
absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and including all interest not paid when due and all
other expenses or other amounts that any Loan Party is required to pay or reimburse by the Loan Documents or by law or otherwise in connection
with the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents include
the obligation to pay (i) the principal of the Loans, (ii) the Make-Whole Amount, (iii) fees and expenses payable under
this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and (iv) indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan
Document. Any reference in this Agreement or in the Loan Documents to the Obligations shall include all or any portion thereof and any
extensions, modifications, renewals, or alterations thereof, both prior and subsequent to any Insolvency Proceeding.

"OFAC" means
The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

"Other Connection Taxes"
means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction
imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations
under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced
any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

"Other Taxes"
means all present or future stamp, court, excise, value added, or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise
from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection
of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes
imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 14.2).

"Patriot Act"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.13 of this Agreement.

-19-

"Payment Recipient"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 15.14(a) of this Agreement.

"PBGC" means
the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor agency.

"Pension Plan"
means any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, which is subject to the provisions of Title IV or Section 302
of ERISA or Sections 412 or 430 of the IRC sponsored, maintained, or contributed to by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate or to which
any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has any liability, contingent or otherwise.

"Permitted Dispositions"
means:

(a) sales,
abandonment, or other dispositions of Equipment that is substantially worn, damaged, or obsolete or no longer used or useful in the ordinary
course of business and leases or subleases of Real Property not useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries,

(b) sales
of Inventory to buyers in the ordinary course of business,

(c) the
use or transfer of money or Cash Equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents,

(d) the
licensing, on a non-exclusive basis, of Intellectual Property (i) in the ordinary course of business or (ii) consistent
with past practice,

(e) the
granting of Permitted Liens,

(f) the
sale or discount, in each case without recourse, of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business, but only in connection
with the compromise or collection thereof,

(g) any
involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property,

(h) any
involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition
of use of property,

(i) the
leasing or subleasing of assets of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business,

(j) the
sale or issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Comtech to the extent not resulting in a Change of
Control,

(k) (i) the
lapse of registered Intellectual Property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent not economically desirable
in the conduct of its business in the sole business judgement of the Loan Parties, or (ii) the abandonment of rights in Intellectual
Property (x) in the ordinary course of business, (y) consistent with past practice, or (z) as determined by any Loan Party
in its reasonable business judgment, so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), such lapse is not materially adverse
to the interests of any Loan Party or the Lender Group,

-20-

(l) the
making of Restricted Payments that are expressly permitted to be made pursuant to this Agreement,

(m) the
making of Permitted Investments,

(n) so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would immediately result therefrom, transfers of assets (i) from any
Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to a Loan Party, and (ii) from any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to
any other Subsidiary of any Loan Party,

(o) dispositions
of Equipment or Real Property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar
replacement property, or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;
provided, that to the extent the property being transferred constitutes Collateral (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement),
such replacement property shall constitute Collateral (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement),

(p) dispositions
of assets acquired by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition consummated within 12 months of the
date of the proposed disposition so long as (i) the consideration received for the assets to be so disposed is at least equal to
the fair market value of such assets, (ii) the assets to be so disposed are not necessary or economically desirable in connection
with the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and (iii) the assets to be so disposed are readily identifiable as
assets acquired pursuant to the subject Permitted Acquisition,

(q) sale
and leaseback transactions permitted by Section 6.14,

(r) Specified
Permitted Dispositions (as defined under the Senior Credit Agreement), so long as (A) such sale or other disposition is on terms,
and subject to documentation, reasonably acceptable to Senior Credit Agreement Agent, (B) the Net Cash Proceeds from each such sale
or other disposition represent at least 80% of the gross proceeds from each such sale or other disposition and (C) 100% of such
Net Cash Proceeds are applied against the outstanding principal amount of the Senior Credit Agreement Obligations in accordance with
Section 2.4(f)(ii) of the Senior Credit Agreement, and

(s) sales
or dispositions of fixed assets (including intangible property related to such fixed assets) not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through
(q) above so long as made at fair market value and the aggregate fair market value of all assets disposed of in any fiscal year
(including the proposed disposition) would not exceed $2,500,000.

"Permitted Holders"
means, collectively, (a) White Hat Capital Partners LP and its Affiliates and (b) Magnetar Capital LLC and its Affiliates.

-21-

"Permitted Indebtedness"
means:

(a) Indebtedness
in respect of the Obligations,

(b) Indebtedness
existing as of the Closing Date (including in respect of the Senior Credit Agreement) and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of
such Indebtedness,

(c) Permitted
Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness,

(d) Indebtedness
arising in connection with the endorsement of instruments or other payment items for deposit,

(e) Indebtedness
consisting of (i) unsecured guarantees incurred in the ordinary course of business with respect to surety and appeal bonds, performance
bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, completion guarantee and similar obligations so long as the underlying Indebtedness that is being guaranteed
is permitted pursuant to the terms hereof; and (ii) unsecured guarantees arising with respect to customary indemnification obligations
to purchasers in connection with Permitted Dispositions,

(f) unsecured
Indebtedness of any Loan Party that is incurred on the date of the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition solely for the purpose of
consummating such Permitted Acquisition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom,
(ii) such unsecured Indebtedness is not incurred for working capital purposes, (iii) such unsecured Indebtedness does not mature
prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date, (iv) such unsecured Indebtedness does not amortize until 91 days after
the Maturity Date, (v) such unsecured Indebtedness does not provide for the payment of interest thereon in cash or Cash Equivalents
prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date, and (vi) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the
Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) and is otherwise on terms
and conditions (including economic terms and absence of covenants) reasonably satisfactory to Agent (at the direction of the Required
Lenders),

(g) Acquired
Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed $6,000,000 outstanding at any one time,

(h) Indebtedness
incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, surety, statutory, or appeal bonds in an amount not to exceed $258,000,000
in the aggregate,

(i) Indebtedness
owed to any Person providing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, so long
as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost
of, such insurance for the year in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such year,

-22-

(j) the
incurrence by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness under Hedge Agreements that is incurred for the bona fide purpose of
hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Party's or such Subsidiary's operations and
not for speculative purposes,

(k) Indebtedness
incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards,
commercial cards (including so-called "purchase cards", "procurement cards" or "p-cards"), or Cash Management
Services,

(l) unsecured
Indebtedness of any Loan Party owing to employees, former employees, former officers, directors, or former directors (or any spouses,
ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) incurred in connection with the repurchase or redemption by such Loan Party of the Equity
Interests of Comtech that has been issued to such Persons, so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
or would result from the incurrence of such Indebtedness, (ii) the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness outstanding at any
one time does not exceed $1,200,000, and (iii) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms
and conditions reasonably acceptable to Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders),

(m) contingent
liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan
Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions,

(n) Indebtedness
comprising Permitted Investments,

(o) unsecured
Indebtedness incurred in respect of netting services, overdraft protection, and other like services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary
course of business,

(p) unsecured
Indebtedness of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in respect of Earn-Outs owing to sellers of assets or Equity Interests to such Loan
Party or its Subsidiaries that is incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions so long as such
unsecured Indebtedness is on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders),

(q) accrual
of interest, accretion or amortization of original issue discount, or the payment of interest in kind, in each case, on Indebtedness
that otherwise constitutes Permitted Indebtedness,

(r) Indebtedness
in respect of letters of credit in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $12,000,000 at any time,

(s) any
other Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $6,000,000
at any one time,

(t) Indebtedness
in respect of the Senior Credit Agreement Obligations.

-23-

"Permitted Intercompany
Advances" means loans made by (a) a Loan Party to another Loan Party (other than a Specified Loan Party), (b) a Specified
Loan Party to another Specified Loan Party, (c) a Loan Party (other than a Specified Loan Party) to a Specified Loan Party so long
as the aggregate amount of all such loans (by type, not by the borrower) does not exceed $18,000,000; provided that, for the avoidance
of doubt, any loans made by a Loan Party (other than a Specified Loan Party) to a Specified Loan Party prior to the Closing Date shall
not count towards such permitted amount, (d) a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to another Subsidiary of a Loan
Party that is not a Loan Party, (e) a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to a Loan Party, so long as the parties
thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, and (f) a Loan Party to a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not
a Loan Party so long as (i) the aggregate amount of all such loans (by type, not by the borrower) does not exceed $3,000,000 outstanding
at any one time; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any loans made by a Loan Party to a Subsidiary organized under the
laws of England and Wales prior to the Closing Date shall not count towards such permitted amount and (ii) at the time of the making
of such loan, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom.

"Permitted Investments"
means:

(a) Investments
in cash and Cash Equivalents,

(b) Investments
in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business,

(c) advances
made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business,

(d) Investments
received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the ordinary course of business or owing
to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure
or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries,

(e) Investments
owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date,

(f) guarantees
permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,

(g) Permitted
Intercompany Advances,

(h) Equity
Interests or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness or claims due or owing to a
Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security
for any such Indebtedness or claims,

(i) deposits
of cash made in the ordinary course of business to secure performance of operating leases,

(j) (i) non-cash
loans and advances to employees, officers, and directors of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries for the purpose of purchasing Equity
Interests in Comtech so long as the proceeds of such loans are used in their entirety to purchase such Equity Interests in Comtech, and
(ii) loans and advances to employees and officers of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business
for any other business purpose and in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,200,000 at any one time,

-24-

(k) Permitted
Acquisitions,

(l) Investments
in the form of capital contributions and the acquisition of Equity Interests made by any Loan Party in any other Loan Party (other than
capital contributions to or the acquisition of Equity Interests of Comtech),

(m) Investments
resulting from entering into (i) Bank Product Agreements (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement), or (ii) agreements relative
to obligations permitted under clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,

(n) equity
Investments by any Loan Party in any Subsidiary of such Loan Party which is required by law to maintain a minimum net capital requirement
or as may be otherwise required by applicable law,

(o) Investments
held by a Person acquired in a Permitted Acquisition to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection
with such Permitted Acquisition and were in existence on the date of such Permitted Acquisition, and

(p) so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, any other Investments in an aggregate amount not
to exceed $1,200,000 during the term of this Agreement.

"Permitted Liens"
means:

(a) Liens
created under the Senior Credit Agreement and the Security Documents (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement),

(b) Liens
for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested pursuant to a Permitted Protest,

(c) judgment
Liens arising solely as a result of the existence of judgments, orders, or awards that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.3
of this Agreement,

(d) Liens
set forth on Schedule P-3 to the Senior Credit Agreement; provided, that to qualify as a Permitted Lien, any such Lien
described on Schedule P-3 thereto shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Senior Credit Agreement Closing Date
and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof,

(e) the
interests of lessors under operating leases and non-exclusive licensors under license agreements,

(f) purchase
money Liens on fixed assets or the interests of lessors under Capital Leases to the extent that such Liens or interests secure Permitted
Purchase Money Indebtedness and so long as (i) such Lien attaches only to the fixed asset purchased or acquired and the proceeds
thereof, and (ii) such Lien only secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire the fixed asset purchased or acquired or
any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof,

-25-

(g) Liens
arising by operation of law in favor of warehousemen, landlords, carriers, mechanics, materialmen, laborers, or suppliers, incurred in
the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money, and which Liens either (i) are for sums not yet
delinquent, or (ii) are the subject of Permitted Protests,

(h) Liens
on amounts deposited to secure Comtech's and its Subsidiaries' obligations in connection with worker's compensation or other unemployment
insurance,

(i) Liens
on amounts deposited to secure Comtech's and its Subsidiaries' obligations in connection with the making or entering into of bids, tenders,
or leases in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money,

(j) Liens
on amounts deposited to secure Comtech's and its Subsidiaries' reimbursement obligations with respect to surety or appeal bonds obtained
in the ordinary course of business and permitted under clause (h) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness so long as such Liens
are not "all asset" or "substantially all asset" Liens and remain unperfected,

(k) with
respect to any Real Property, easements, rights of way, and zoning restrictions that do not materially interfere with or impair the use
or operation thereof,

(l) non-exclusive
licenses of rights in Intellectual Property, (i) in the ordinary course of business or (ii) consistent with past practice,

(m) Liens
that are replacements of Permitted Liens to the extent that the original Indebtedness is the subject of permitted Refinancing Indebtedness
and so long as the replacement Liens only encumber those assets that secured the original Indebtedness,

(n) rights
of setoff or bankers' liens upon deposits of funds in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred
in connection with the maintenance of such deposits and the use of Automated Clearing House transfers in connection therewith (including
in respect of ordinary course cash management activities), in each case, in the ordinary course of business,

(o) Liens
granted in the ordinary course of business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums
to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,

(p) Liens
in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation
of goods,

(q) Liens
solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or
purchase agreement with respect to a Permitted Acquisition,

-26-

(r) Liens
assumed by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition that secure Acquired Indebtedness that is Permitted
Indebtedness so long as such Liens are limited to the assets financed thereby,

(s) Liens
over cash collateral or certificates of deposit, in each case in connection with the cash collateralization of letters of credit permitted
under clause (r) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, not in excess of 105% of the aggregate face amount of all such letters
of credit,

(t) Liens
securing the Indebtedness permitted under clause (s) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, and

(u) Liens
granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party securing an aggregate amount of Indebtedness (for all Subsidiaries that are not Loan
Parties, collectively) not to exceed $6,000,000, and which is permitted to be incurred by such Subsidiary under Section 6.1.

"Permitted Protest"
means the right of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to protest any Lien, taxes (other than payroll taxes or taxes that are the
subject of a United States federal tax lien), or rental payment; provided, that (a) a reserve with respect to such obligation
is established on such Loan Party's or its Subsidiaries' books and records in such amount as is required under GAAP and (b) any
such protest is instituted promptly and prosecuted diligently by such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, as applicable, in good faith.

"Permitted Purchase
Money Indebtedness" means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations and the Senior Credit
Agreement Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations), incurred after the Closing Date and at the time of, or within twenty
(20) days after, the acquisition of any fixed assets for the purpose of financing all or any part of the acquisition cost thereof, in
an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not in excess of $6,000,000.

"Person" means
natural persons, corporations, limited liability companies, limited partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability partnerships,
joint ventures, trusts, land trusts, business trusts, or other organizations, irrespective of whether they are legal entities, and governments
and agencies and political subdivisions thereof.

"PPSA" means
the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) and the Regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect, provided, however,
if attachment, perfection or priority of Senior Credit Agreement Agents security interests in any Collateral (as defined in the
Senior Credit Agreement) are governed by the personal property security laws of any jurisdiction other than Ontario, PPSA shall mean
those personal property security laws as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the Civil
Code of Qubec) for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for the definitions
related to such provisions.

-27-

"Pro
Rata Share" means, as of any date of determination, with respect to a Lender's obligation to make all or a portion of
the Term Loan, with respect to such Lender's right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect to the Term Loan,
and with respect to all other computations and other matters related to the Term Loan Commitments or the Term Loan, the percentage obtained
by dividing (i) the Term Loan Exposure of such Lender, by (ii) the aggregate Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders, and

"Projections"
means Comtech's forecasted (a) balance sheets, (b) profit and loss statements, and (c) cash flow statements, all prepared
on a basis consistent with Comtech's historical financial statements, together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of
underlying assumptions.

"Purchase Price"
means, with respect to any Acquisition, an amount equal to the aggregate consideration, whether cash, property or securities (including
the fair market value of any Equity Interests of Comtech issued in connection with such Acquisition and including the maximum amount
of Earn-Outs), paid or delivered by a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Acquisition (whether paid at the
closing thereof or payable thereafter and whether fixed or contingent), but excluding therefrom (a) any cash of the seller and its
Affiliates used to fund any portion of such consideration, and (b) any cash or Cash Equivalents acquired in connection with such
Acquisition.

"Qualified Cash"
means, as of any date of determination, the amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties that is in Deposit Accounts
or in Securities Accounts, or any combination thereof.

"Qualified Equity Interests"
means and refers to any Equity Interests issued by Comtech (and not by one or more of its Subsidiaries) that is not a Disqualified Equity
Interest.

"Real Property"
means any estates or interests (other than leasehold interests) in real property now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party or
one of its Subsidiaries and the improvements thereto.

"Recipient"
means any recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other
Loan Document.

"Record" means
information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or that is stored in an electronic or other medium and is retrievable in perceivable
form.

"Refinancing Indebtedness"
means refinancings, renewals, or extensions of Indebtedness so long as:

(a) such
refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in an increase in the principal amount of the Indebtedness so refinanced, renewed,
or extended, other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the
amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto,

(b) such
refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in a shortening of the final stated maturity or the average weighted maturity (measured
as of the refinancing, renewal, or extension) of the Indebtedness so refinanced, renewed, or extended, nor are they on terms or conditions
that, taken as a whole, are or could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders,

-28-

(c) if
the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended was subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, then the terms and
conditions of the refinancing, renewal, or extension must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to
the Lender Group as those that were applicable to the refinanced, renewed, or extended Indebtedness,

(d) the
Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended is not recourse to any Person that is liable on account of the Obligations other
than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended,

(e) if
the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed or extended was unsecured, such refinancing, renewal or extension shall be unsecured, and

(f) if
the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended was secured (i) such refinancing, renewal, or extension shall be secured
by substantially the same or less collateral as secured such refinanced, renewed or extended Indebtedness on terms no less favorable
to Agent or the Lender Group and (ii) the Liens securing such refinancing, renewal or extension shall not have a priority more senior
than the Liens securing such Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed or extended.

"Register"
has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(h) of this Agreement.

"Related Fund"
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar
extensions of credit in the ordinary course and that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate
of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender.

"Releases"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.11 of this Agreement.

"Remedial Action"
means all actions taken to (a) clean up, remove, remediate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, or in any way address Hazardous
Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) prevent or minimize a release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials so
they do not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, (c) restore
or reclaim natural resources or the environment, (d) perform any pre-remedial studies, investigations, or post-remedial operation
and maintenance activities, or (e) conduct any other actions with respect to Hazardous Materials required by Environmental Laws;
provided, that Remedial Action shall not include any actions undertaken in the ordinary course of business to comply with Environmental
Laws in the course of daily operations.

"Required Lenders"
means, at any time, Lenders having or holding more than 50% of the aggregate Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders.

-29-

"Restricted Payment"
means (a) any declaration or payment of any dividend (fixed or otherwise) or the making of any other payment or distribution, directly
or indirectly, on account of Equity Interests (including, without limitation, common or preferred Equity Interests) issued by Comtech
or any of its Subsidiaries (including any payment in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation involving Comtech or any
of its Subsidiaries) or to the direct or indirect holders of Equity Interests (including, without limitation, common or preferred Equity
Interests) issued by Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries in their capacity as such (other than dividends or distributions payable in Qualified
Equity Interests issued by Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries) or (b) any purchase, redemption, making of any sinking fund or similar
payment, or other acquisition or retirement for value (including in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation involving
Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries) of any Equity Interests (including, without limitation, common or preferred Equity Interests) issued
by Comtech or any of its Subsidiaries, (c) any making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants,
options, or other rights to acquire Equity Interests (including, without limitation, common or preferred Equity Interests) of Comtech
or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding, or (d) the making of any management, advisory or consulting fee to any
Affiliate of any Loan Party.

"Sanctioned Entity"
means (a) a country or territory or a government of a country or territory, (b) an agency of the government of a country or
territory, (c) an organization directly or indirectly controlled by a country or territory or its government, or (d) a Person
resident in or determined to be resident in a country or territory, in each case of clauses (a) through (d) that is a target
of Sanctions, including a target of any country sanctions program administered and enforced by OFAC.

"Sanctioned Person"
means, at any time (a) any Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC, OFAC's
consolidated Non-SDN list, on any list of the federal government of Canada or under the Canadian AML Laws, the Special Economic Measures
Act (Canada) or the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada) as a designated person, or terrorist
group" or any other Sanctions-related list maintained by any Governmental Authority, (b) a Person or legal entity that is a
target of Sanctions, (c) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Entity, or (d) any Person directly or
indirectly owned or controlled (individually or in the aggregate) by or acting on behalf of any such Person or Persons described in clauses
(a) through (c) above.

"Sanctions"
means individually and collectively, respectively, any and all economic sanctions, trade sanctions, financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions,
secondary sanctions, trade embargoes anti-terrorism laws and other sanctions laws, regulations or embargoes, including those imposed,
administered or enforced from time to time by: (a) the United States of America, including those administered by OFAC, the U.S.
Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, or through any existing or future executive order, (b) the United Nations
Security Council, (c) the European Union or any European Union member state, (d) His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom,
(e) the Canadian government, or (f) any other Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over any member of Lender Group or any
Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

-30-

"S&P"
has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Cash Equivalents.

"SEC" means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and any successor thereto.

"Securities Account"
means a securities account (as that term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable).

"Securities Act"
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Senior Credit Agreement
means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2024, by and among Comtech Telecommunications Corp., a Delaware corporation,
as borrower, the lenders party thereto, Wingspire Capital LLC, as revolving agent, and TCW Asset Management Company LLC, as administrative
agent, as amended, restated, supplemented, refinanced, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time (and if terminated, as in effect
immediately prior to such termination).

Senior Credit Agreement
Agent has the meaning assigned to the term Agent in the Senior Credit Agreement.

Senior Credit Agreement
Closing Date has the meaning assigned to the term Closing Date in the Senior Credit Agreement.

Senior Credit Agreement
Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to the term Maturity Date in the Senior Credit Agreement.

Senior Credit Agreement
Obligations has the meaning assigned to the term Obligations in the Senior Credit Agreement.

"Specified Loan Party"
means each Loan Party other than a Canadian Loan Party or a US Loan Party.

"Specified Preferred
Equity" means the shares of Series B-2-3
Convertible Preferred Stock of Comtech, par value $0.10 per share, authorized by the Board of Directors of Comtech and initially
issued to the Permitted Holders pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law, including any additional
or exchanged shares issued after the Closing Date that are on the same terms and conditions as the Series B-2-3
Convertible Preferred Stock of Comtech, par value $0.10 per share, in effect on the Closing Date and which do not otherwise
breach the terms of the Loan Documents.

"Specified Preferred
Equity COD" has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Preferred Equity Documents.

"Specified Preferred
Equity Documents" means that (a) certain Certificate of Designations with respect to the Series B-2-3
Convertible Preferred Stock, dated as of October 17March 3,
20242025
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms therein
and herein) (the "Specified Preferred Equity COD"), and (b) that certain Subscription and Exchange Agreement, dated
as of October 17March 3,
20242025,
by and among Comtech and the Investors listed on Exhibit B attached thereto.

-31-

Subordination Agreement
means that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2024, by and among Agent, Senior Credit Agreement
Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time.

"Subsidiary"
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity in which that Person directly or indirectly
owns or controls the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, or other entity.

"Tax Act"
means the Income Tax Act (Canada) and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Tax Indemnitee"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 16.1 of this Agreement.

"Tax Lender"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 14.2(a) of this Agreement.

"Taxes" means
any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), fees, assessments or other charges now
or hereafter imposed by any jurisdiction or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, and all interest, additions
to tax, penalties or similar liabilities with respect thereto.

"Term Loan"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.2(a)means,
collectively, the Closing Date Term Loans and, from and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the Amendment No. 1 Term
Loans.

"Term Loan Amount"
means $25,000,000.

"Term
Loan Commitment" means (x) prior to the Amendment No. 1
Effective Date, with respect to each Lender, its Term Loan Commitment, and, with respect to all Lenders, their Term Loan Commitments,
in each case as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Lender's name under the applicable heading on Schedule C-1
to this Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Term Loan Lender under this Agreement, as
such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1
of this Agreement.and
(y) from and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date,
with respect to each Lender, its Amendment No. 1 Term
Loan Commitment. The aggregate principal amount of all Term
Loan Commitments as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective
Date is $40,000,000, which amount will be immediately reduced to $0 upon the funding of the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans on the Amendment
No. 1 Effective Date.

-32-

"Term Loan Exposure"
means, with respect to any Term Loan Lender, as of any date of determination (a) prior to the funding of the Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan, the amount of such Lender's Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan Commitment plus the outstanding principal
amount of the Closing Date Term Loan held by such Lender, and (b) after the funding of the Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan, the outstanding principal amount of the Term LoanLoans
held by such Lender.

"Term Loan Lender"
means a Lender that has a Term Loan Commitment (including an Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan Commitment) or that has a portion of the Term Loan (including
the Amendment No. 1 Term Loan).

"TTM EBITDA"
means, as of any date of determination, EBITDA of Comtech, determined on a consolidated basis, for the 12 month period most recently
ended.

"UK" and "United
Kingdom" mean the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

"UK Guarantee Limitations"
means the UK Loan Party limitations set out in Section 17.13 of this Agreement.

"Unfinanced Capital
Expenditures" means Capital Expenditures (a) not financed with the proceeds of any incurrence of Indebtedness (other than
the incurrence of any Revolving Loans), the proceeds of any sale or issuance of Equity Interests or equity contributions, the proceeds
of any asset sale (other than the sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of business) or any insurance proceeds, and (b) that
are not reimbursed by a third person (excluding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) in the period such expenditures are made pursuant
to a written agreement.

"United States"
means the United States of America.

"U.S. Person"
means a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the IRC.

"US Loan Party"
means any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

"Voidable Transfer"
has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.8 of this Agreement.

"Withdrawal Liability"
means liability with respect to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as
such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

-33-

1.2. Accounting
Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all accounting and financial terms not specifically defined herein shall
be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided, that if Borrower notifies Agent that Borrower
requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any Accounting Change occurring after the Closing Date or in
the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if Agent notifies Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment
to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such Accounting Change or in
the application thereof, then Agent and Borrower agree that they will negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement
that are directly affected by such Accounting Change with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and Borrower after
such Accounting Change conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions immediately before such Accounting Change took effect
and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon and agreed to by the Required Lenders, the provisions in this Agreement shall be
calculated as if no such Accounting Change had occurred. When used herein, the term "financial statements" shall include the
notes and schedules thereto. Whenever the term "Comtech" is used in respect of a financial covenant or a related definition,
it shall be understood to mean the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, unless the context clearly requires otherwise.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (a) all financial statements delivered hereunder shall be prepared, and
all financial covenants contained herein shall be calculated, without giving effect to (i) any election under the Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards Board's Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825 (or any similar accounting principle) permitting a Person to
value its financial liabilities or Indebtedness at the fair value thereof and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible
debt instruments under Financial Accounting Standards Board's Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any similar accounting principle
having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness
shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, (b) notwithstanding any changes in GAAP after the Closing
Date, any lease of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or of a special purpose or other entity not consolidated with the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries at the time of its incurrence of such lease, that would be characterized as an operating lease under GAAP in effect on the
Closing Date (whether such lease is entered into before or after the Closing Date) shall not constitute Indebtedness or a Capitalized
Lease Obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including negative covenants, financial
covenants and component definitions, as a result of such changes in GAAP after the Closing Date, and (c) the term "unqualified
opinion" as used herein to refer to opinions or reports provided by accountants shall mean an opinion or report that is (i) unqualified,
and (ii) does not include any explanation, supplemental comment, or other comment concerning the ability of the applicable Person
to continue as a going concern or concerning the scope of the audit.

1.3. Construction.
Unless the context of this Agreement or any other Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, references to the plural include the singular,
references to the singular include the plural, the terms "includes" and "including" are not limiting, and the term
"or" has, except where otherwise indicated, the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase "and/or." The words "hereof,"
"herein," "hereby," "hereunder," and similar terms in this Agreement or any other Loan Document refer to
this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as the case may be, as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement or such
other Loan Document, as the case may be. Section, subsection, clause, schedule, and exhibit references herein are to this Agreement unless
otherwise specified. Any reference in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document to any agreement, instrument, or document shall include
all alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals, replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements, thereto
and thereof, as applicable (subject to any restrictions on such alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals,
replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements set forth herein). The words "asset" and "property" shall
be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties. Any reference
herein or in any other Loan Document to the satisfaction, repayment, or payment in full of the Obligations shall mean (a) the payment
or repayment in full in immediately available funds of (i) the principal amount of all outstanding Loans, together with the payment
of the Make-Whole Amount and (ii) all fees or charges that have accrued hereunder or under any other Loan Document and are unpaid,
and (b) the termination of all of the Commitments of the Lenders. Any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include
such Person's successors and assigns. Any requirement of a writing contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall be satisfied
by the transmission of a Record.

-34-

1.4. Time
References. Unless the context of this Agreement or any other Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, all references to time
of day refer to Eastern standard time or Eastern daylight saving time, as in effect in New York, New York on such day. For purposes of
the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, unless otherwise expressly provided, the word "from"
means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each means "to and including"; provided,
that with respect to a computation of fees or interest payable to Agent or any Lender, such period shall in any event consist of at least
one full day.

1.5. Schedules
and Exhibits. All of the schedules and exhibits attached to the Senior Credit Agreement as of the Senior Credit Agreement Closing
Date shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference unless otherwise provided for herein.

1.6. Divisions.
For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable
event under a different jurisdiction's laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset,
right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the
subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the
first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

2. LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT.

2.1. [Reserved].

2.2. Term
Loan.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Closing Date each Lender with a Term Loan Commitment agrees (severally, not jointly
or jointly and severally) to make term loans (collectively, the "Closing
Date Term Loan") to Borrower in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) such Lender's Closing
Date Term Loan Commitment, and (ii) such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the Term Loan Amount.

-35-

(b) The
outstanding unpaid principal balance and the applicable Make-Whole
Amount shall be due and payable on the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date, and (ii) the date on which the Term Loan otherwise
becomes due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including by way of acceleration or otherwise. Any principal amount
of the Term Loan that is repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. All principal and other amounts payable in respect of the Term Loan
(including the applicable Make-Whole Amount) shall constitute
Obligations hereunder.

(c)On
the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, each Lender with an Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Commitment agrees (severally, not jointly
or jointly and severally) to make Amendment No. 1 Terms Loans to Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
Amendment No. 1 in an aggregate principal amount equal to such Lenders Amendment No. 1 Term Loan Commitment.

2.3. Disbursement
of Funds.

(a) On
theeach applicable
Funding Date, each Term Loan Lender shall wire its portion of the Term Loan equal to its allocation of the Term Loan Commitment as
of such date to the Designated Account.

(b) Notation.
Consistent with Section 13.1(h), Agent, as a non-fiduciary agent for Borrower, shall maintain a register showing the principal
amount and stated interest of the Term Loan owing to each Term Loan Lender owing to Agent, and the interests therein of each Lender,
from time to time and such register shall, absent manifest error, conclusively be presumed to be correct and accurate.

(c) Independent
Obligations. All Loans on any given Funding Date shall
be made by the Lenders contemporaneously and in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares on
such Funding Date. It is understood that (i) no Lender shall be responsible for any failure by any other Lender to perform
its obligation to make any Loan (or other extension of credit) hereunder, nor shall any Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased
as a result of any failure by any other Lender to perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) no failure by any Lender to perform
its obligations hereunder shall excuse any other Lender from its obligations hereunder.

2.4. Payments;
Prepayments.

(a) Payments
by Borrower.

(i) Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by Borrower shall be made to Agent's Account for the account of the Lender Group
and shall be made in immediately available funds, no later than 1:30 p.m. on the date specified herein. Any payment received by
Agent in immediately available funds in Agent's Account later than 1:30 p.m. may be deemed to have been received (unless Agent,
in its sole discretion, elects to credit it on the date received) on the following Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall
continue to accrue until such following Business Day.

(ii) Unless
Agent receives written notice from Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders that Borrower will not make
such payment in full as and when required, Agent may assume that Borrower has made (or will make) such payment in full to Agent on such
date in immediately available funds and Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to each
Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender.

-36-

(iii)Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by Borrower in respect of the Term Loan shall be made on a pro rata basis
as between the Closing Date Term Loans and the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans.

(b) Apportionment
and Application.

(i) Subject
to the occurrence of the Discharge of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing,
all principal and interest payments received by Agent shall be apportioned ratably among the Lenders (on
a pro rata basis as between the Closing Date Term Loan and the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans and according to the
unpaid principal balance of the Obligations to which such payments relate held by each Lender) and all payments of fees and expenses
received by Agent (other than fees or expenses that are for Agent's separate account) shall be apportioned ratably among the Lenders
having a Pro Rata Share of the type of Commitment or Obligation to which a particular fee or expense relates.

(ii) Subject
to Section 2.4(b)(v), Section 2.4(d) and Section 2.4(e), and the occurrence of the Discharge
of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations, all payments to be made hereunder by Borrower shall be remitted to Agent and all such payments
shall be applied, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing, to reduce the balance of the Loans outstanding (including
fees, interest and principal) and, thereafter, to Borrower (to be wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto
under applicable law.

(iii) Subject
to the occurrence of the Discharge of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations, at any time that an Application Event has occurred and is
continuing, all payments remitted to Agent shall be applied as follows:

(A) first,
to pay any fees, cost or expense reimbursements or indemnities then due to Agent under the Loan Documents, until paid in full,

(B) second,
to pay any fees or premiums then due to Agent under the Loan Documents, until paid in full,

(C) third,
ratably, to pay any cost or expense reimbursements or indemnities then due to any of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, until paid
in full,

(D) fourth,
ratably, to pay any fees or premiums (including theexcluding the applicable Make-Whole Amount) then due to any of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, until paid in full,

-37-

(E) fifth,
(x) if the applicable Make-Whole Amount for the Closing Term Loan
and the Amendment No. 1 Term Loan are subject to the same MOIC Level, ratably, to pay the principal
of the Termapplicable Make-Whole Amount then due to any
of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, until
paid in full, andor
(y) if the applicable Make-Whole Amount for the Closing Term Loan and the Amendment No. 1 Term Loan are subject to different
MOIC Levels, (I) first, ratably, to pay the applicable Make-Whole Amount then due to any of the Lenders calculated based on the
lower of the two MOIC Levels, until the applicable Make-Whole Amount for the tranche of Term Loans subject to the lower MOIC Level has
been paid in full and (II) then, to pay the remaining applicable Make-Whole Amount for the tranche of Term Loans subject to the
higher MOIC Level, until paid in full or until the applicable Make-Whole Amount for the Closing Term Loan and the Amendment No. 1
Term Loan are again subject to the different MOIC Levels (in which case, the remaining payments shall continue to be applied in
accordance with the allocations set forth in this clause (y)),

(F)sixth,
ratably, to pay the principal of the Term Loan
on a pro rata basis as between the Closing Date Term Loan and the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans, until paid in full,

(FG) sixthseventh,
to pay any other Obligations, and

(GH) seventheighth,
to Borrower (to be wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto under applicable law.

(iv) Agent
promptly shall distribute to each Lender, pursuant to the applicable wire instructions received from each Lender in writing, such funds
as it may be entitled to receive.

(v) In
each instance, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing, Section 2.4(b)(ii) shall not apply to
any payment made by Borrower to Agent and specified by Borrower to be for the payment of specific Obligations then due and payable (or
prepayable) under any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(vi) For
purposes of Section 2.4(b)(iii), "paid in full" of a type of Obligation means payment in cash or immediately available
funds of all amounts owing on account of such type of Obligation, including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency
Proceeding, default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, irrespective of whether any of the foregoing would be
or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding.

(vii) In
the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 2.4 and any other provision contained in this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed,
to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other.

(c) Reduction
of Commitments. (i) The Closing
Date Term Loan Commitments shall terminate upon the making of the Closing
Date Term Loan on the Closing Date and (ii) the Amendment
No. 1 Term Loan Commitments shall terminate upon the making of the Amendment No. 1 Term Loan on the Amendment No. 1 Effective
Date.

-38-

(d) Optional
Prepayments. Subject to Section 2.6, to the extent permitted by the Subordination Agreement, the Borrower may, upon one
(1) Business Day prior written notice to Agent (or such later date as permitted by Agent in its sole discretion), prepay the principal
of the Term Loan, in whole or in part. Any optional prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.4(d) shall be subject to
the terms of the Subordination Agreement in all respects.

(e) Mandatory
Prepayments.

(i) Dispositions.
If, at any time after the occurrence of the Discharge of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations, and subject to Section 2.6,
within one (1) Business Day of the date of receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of the Net Cash Proceeds of any
voluntary or involuntary sale or disposition of assets of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (including Net Cash Proceeds of insurance
or arising from casualty losses or condemnations and payments in lieu thereof, but excluding Net Cash Proceeds from sales or dispositions
which qualify as Permitted Dispositions under clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), to the extent any such disposition is consistent
with past practice (i), (j), (k), (l), (m), (n), or (o) of the definition of Permitted Dispositions), Borrower shall prepay the
outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) in an amount equal to 100% of
such Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such sales or dispositions; provided, that so long as (A) no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (B) Borrower shall have given Agent
prior written notice of Borrower's intention to apply such monies to the costs of replacement of the properties or assets that are the
subject of such sale or disposition or the cost of purchase or construction of other assets useful in the business of such Loan Party
or its Subsidiaries, (C) [reserved], and (D) such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, as applicable, completes such replacement,
purchase, or construction within 180 days after the initial receipt of such monies, then the Loan Party or such Loan Party's Subsidiary
whose assets were the subject of such disposition shall have the option to apply such monies to the costs of replacement of the assets
that are the subject of such sale or disposition unless and to the extent that such applicable period shall have expired without such
replacement, purchase, or construction being made or completed, in which case, any amounts remaining shall be paid to Agent and applied
in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii); provided, that no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall have the right
to use such Net Cash Proceeds (other than Net Cash Proceeds of insurance or arising from casualty losses or condemnations and payments
in lieu thereof) to make such replacements, purchases, or construction in excess of $6,000,000 in any given fiscal year. Nothing contained
in this Section 2.4(e)(i) shall permit any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to sell or otherwise dispose of any
assets other than in accordance with Section 6.4.

(ii) Indebtedness.
Subject to the occurrence of the Discharge of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations, within one Business Day of the date of incurrence
by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness), Borrower shall prepay the outstanding
principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash
Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such incurrence. The provisions of this Section 2.4(e)(ii) shall
not be deemed to be implied consent to any such incurrence otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement.

-39-

(iii) Limitation.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.4(e) to the contrary, to the extent that any or all of the Net
Cash Proceeds received by a Foreign Subsidiary that would otherwise be required to be applied as a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(i),
but is prohibited, restricted or delayed by applicable local law from being repatriated to the United States, or to the extent that any
or all of the Net Cash Proceeds received by a Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Designated Foreign Guarantor) that would otherwise be
required to be applied as a prepayment pursuant to 2.4(e)(i) could have a material adverse tax consequence (as determined
in good faith by the Borrower and including as the result of the repatriation thereof), an amount equal to the portion of such Net Cash
Proceeds so affected will not be required to be applied to repay the Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.4(e) until
such time, in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower, as such prohibition, restriction, delay or tax consequence no longer applies.

(iv) Curative
Equity. Subject to, and solely after, the occurrence of the Discharge of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations, within one Business
Day of the date of receipt by any Loan Party of the proceeds of any Curative Equity pursuant to Section 9.3, Borrowers shall
prepay the outstanding principal of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) in an amount equal to 100%
of such proceeds.

(v) Any
mandatory prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.4(e) shall be subject to the terms of the Subordination Agreement in
all respects.

(f) Application
of Payments.

(i) A
prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(i) shall, (1) so long as no Application Event shall have occurred and be
continuing, be applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan until paid in full, and (2) if an Application Event
shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied in the manner set forth in Section 2.4(b)(iii).

(ii) Borrower
shall provide prior written notice to Agent by no later than 3:00 p.m. on the date that is one Business Day prior to the date of
any such prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(i) or 2.4(e)(ii) and each such prepayment shall (A) so
long as no Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan until
paid in full, and (B) if an Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied in the manner set forth in Section 2.4(b)(iii).
Each such prepayment of the Term Loan shall be applied pro rata against the remaining installments of principal of the Term Loan (for
the avoidance of doubt, any amount that is due and payable on the Maturity Date shall constitute an installment).

2.5. Promise
to Pay; Promissory Notes.

(a) Borrower
promises to pay all of the Obligations (including principal, interest, premiums, if any, fees, costs, and expenses) in full on the Maturity
Date or, if earlier, on the date on which the Obligations become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Borrower agrees
that its obligations contained in the first sentence of this Section 2.5(a) shall survive payment or satisfaction in
full of all other Obligations.

(b) Any
Lender may request that its Loans made by it be evidenced by one or more promissory notes. In such event, Borrower shall execute and
deliver to such Lender the requested promissory notes payable to the order of such Lender in a form furnished by such Lender and reasonably
satisfactory to Borrower. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory notes and interest thereon shall at all times be represented
by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein.

-40-

2.6. Make-Whole
Amount; Interest. Subject to the Subordination Agreement, in the event that the Borrower prepays any class
of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.4(d) or Section 2.4(e), or upon the acceleration of the Obligations
pursuant to Section 9.1 for any reason, including, without limitation, as a result of any Insolvency Proceeding, the Borrower
shall pay to the Agent for the ratable benefit of each of the applicable Lenders, the applicable
Make-Whole Amount. The with
respect to such class. The Closing Date Term Loans and the Amendment No. 1 Term Loans shall not bear interest other than
as set forth in the definition of Make-Whole Amount.

2.7. Crediting
Payments. The receipt of any payment item by Agent shall not be considered a payment on account unless such payment item is a
wire transfer of immediately available funds made to Agent's Account or unless and until such payment item is honored when presented
for payment. Should any payment item not be honored when presented for payment, then Borrower shall be deemed not to have made such payment.
Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, any payment item shall be deemed received by Agent only if it is received
into Agent's Account on a Business Day on or before 4:30 p.m. If any payment item is received into Agent's Account on a non-Business
Day or after 4:30 p.m. on a Business Day (unless Agent, in its sole discretion, elects to credit it on the date received), it shall
be deemed to have been received by Agent as of the opening of business on the immediately following Business Day.

2.8. Designated
Account. The Agent is authorized to make Loans under this Agreement based upon instructions received from anyone purporting to
be an Authorized Person. Unless otherwise agreed by Agent and Borrower, any Loan requested by Borrower and made by Agent or the Lenders
hereunder shall be made to the Designated Account.

3. CONDITIONS; TERM OF AGREEMENT.

3.1. Conditions
Precedent to the Initial Extension of Credit. The obligation of each Lender to make the initial extensions of credit provided
for hereunder (other than with respect to the Amendment No. 1 Term
Loans, the conditions to funding of which are set forth in Amendment No. 1) is subject to the fulfillment, to the satisfaction
of Agent and each Lender, of each of the conditions precedent set forth on Schedule 3.1 to this Agreement (the making of such
initial extensions of credit by a Lender being conclusively deemed to be its satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent).

For purposes of determining
compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 3.1, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed
to have consented to, approved, or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented
to, approved by, or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the
proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

-41-

3.2. Maturity.
This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for a term ending on the Maturity Date (unless terminated earlier in accordance
with the terms hereof).

3.3. Effect
of Maturity. On the Maturity Date, all of the Obligations (including the Make-Whole Amount) immediately shall become due and
payable without notice or demand and subject to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower shall be required to repay all of the Obligations
(including the Make-Whole Amount) in full. No termination of the obligations of the Lender Group (other than payment in full of the Obligations)
shall relieve or discharge any Loan Party of its duties, obligations, or covenants hereunder or under any other Loan Document.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

In order to induce the Lender
Group to enter into this Agreement, Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to the Lender Group which shall be true,
correct, and complete, in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations
and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the Closing Date, and shall be true,
correct, and complete, in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations
and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the date of the making of each Loan
made thereafter, as though made on and as of the date of such Loan (or any other extension of credit) or delivery (except to the extent
that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be
true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and
warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of such earlier date), and such representations
and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement:

4.1. Due
Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries.

(a) Each
Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized and existing and in good standing (where applicable) under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation, (ii) is qualified to do business in any state where the failure
to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) has all requisite power and authority
to own and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into the Loan
Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby; provided that in respect of any Foreign
Subsidiary, this representation shall be subject to the Legal Reservations (as applicable).

(b) Set
forth on Schedule 4.1(b) to the Senior Credit Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time to reflect changes
resulting from transactions permitted under the Senior Credit Agreement) is a complete and accurate description of the authorized Equity
Interests of each Subsidiary that is a Loan Party, by class, and, as of the Senior Credit Agreement Closing Date, a description of the
number of shares of each such class that are issued and outstanding.

-42-

(c) Set
forth on Schedule 4.1(c) to the Senior Credit Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time to reflect
changes resulting from transactions permitted under the Senior Credit Agreement), is a complete and accurate list of the Loan Parties'
direct and indirect Subsidiaries, showing: (i) the number of shares of each class of Equity Interests authorized for each of such
Subsidiaries, and (ii) the number and the percentage of the outstanding shares of each such class owned directly or indirectly by
Comtech. All of the outstanding Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary has been validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable.

(d) Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.1(d) to the Senior Credit Agreement, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, or calls relating
to any shares of any Loan Party's or any of its Subsidiaries' Equity Interests, including any right of conversion or exchange under any
outstanding security or other instrument. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.1(d) to the Senior Credit Agreement, no Loan
Party is subject to any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire any shares of its Equity Interests
or any security convertible into or exchangeable for any of its Equity Interests.

4.2. Due
Authorization; No Conflict.

(a) As
to each Loan Party, the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party have been
duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Loan Party.

(b) As
to each Loan Party, the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party do not and
will not (i) violate any material provision of federal, state, provincial, territorial or local law or regulation applicable to
any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Governing Documents of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or any order, judgment, or decree
of any court or other Governmental Authority binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries; provided that in respect of any Foreign
Subsidiary, this representation shall be subject to the Legal Reservations (as applicable), (ii) conflict with, result in a breach
of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material agreement (including any Material Contract)
of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries where any such conflict, breach or default could individually or in the aggregate reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien of any nature whatsoever
upon any assets of any Loan Party, other than Permitted Liens, or (iv) require any approval of any holder of Equity Interests of
a Loan Party or any approval or consent of any Person under any material agreement (including any Material Contract) of any Loan Party,
other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except, in the case of material agreements
(including Material Contracts), for consents or approvals, the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably
be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

4.3. Governmental
Consents. The execution, delivery, and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not require any registration with, consent,
or approval of, or notice to, or other action with or by, any Governmental Authority, other than registrations, consents, approvals,
notices, or other actions that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect or otherwise delivered to Agent for filing or
recordation, as of the Closing Date; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this representation shall be subject
to the Legal Reservations (as applicable).

-43-

4.4. Binding
Obligations.

(a) Each
Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding obligation
of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited
by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors'
rights generally; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this representation shall be subject to the Legal Reservations
(as applicable).

4.5. Title
to Assets; No Encumbrances. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries has (a) good, sufficient and legal title to (in
the case of fee interests in Real Property), (b) valid leasehold interests in (in the case of leasehold interests in real or personal
property), and (c) good and marketable title to (in the case of all other personal property), all of their respective assets reflected
in their most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1, in each case except for assets disposed of since
the date of such financial statements to the extent permitted hereby; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this
representation shall be subject to the Legal Reservations (as applicable). All of such assets are free and clear of Liens except for
Permitted Liens.

4.6. Litigation.

(a) There
are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party after due inquiry, threatened in writing against
a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

(b) Schedule 4.6(b) to
the Senior Credit Agreement sets forth a complete and accurate description of each of the actions, suits, or proceedings with asserted
liabilities in excess of, or that could reasonably be expected to result in liabilities in excess of, $5,000,000 that, as of the Senior
Credit Agreement Closing Date, is pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party after due inquiry, threatened against a Loan Party or
any of its Subsidiaries.

4.7. Compliance
with Laws. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) is in violation of any applicable laws, rules, regulations, executive
orders, or codes (including Environmental Laws) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, or (b) is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, rules or
regulations of any court or any federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board,
bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

4.8. [Reserved].

-44-

4.9. [Reserved].

4.10. Employee
Benefits.

(a) Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.10 to the Senior Credit Agreement, no Loan Party, none of their Subsidiaries, nor any of their ERISA
Affiliates maintains or contributes to any Benefit Plan, Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Defined Benefit Pension Plan.

(b) Each
Loan Party and each of the ERISA Affiliates has complied with ERISA, the IRC and all applicable laws regarding each Employee Benefit
Plan, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Each
Employee Benefit Plan is, and has been, maintained in compliance with ERISA, the IRC, all applicable laws and the terms of each such
Employee Benefit Plan, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Each
Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the IRC has received a favorable determination letter
from the Internal Revenue Service or is entitled to rely on an opinion letter provided under a volume submitted program. To the knowledge
of each Loan Party, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification.

(e) No
liability to the PBGC (other than for the payment of current premiums which are not past due) by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has
been incurred or is expected by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate to be incurred with respect to any Pension Plan.

(f) No
Notification Event exists, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) No
Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has provided any security under Section 436 of the IRC.

(h) No
Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof is or has at any time been: (a) an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions
Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (both terms as defined in the Pensions Schemes Act 1993)
and which is not fully funded as at the relevant date and such deficit would have a Material Adverse Effect; or (b) "connected"
with or an "associate" (as those terms are used in sections 38 and 43 of the Pensions Act 2004) of such an employer.

-45-

(i) With
respect to any Canadian Pension Plans established after the Closing Date, Borrower will cause each Loan Party to, (a) comply with
all applicable provisions and funding requirements of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and applicable Canadian Pension Benefits Legislation
with respect to all Canadian Pension Plans and make all payments with respect thereto when due, except where the failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) operate each Canadian Pension Plan in such a manner that
will not incur any material liability under the Income Tax Act (Canada) and applicable Canadian Pension Benefits Legislation except where
the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) furnish to the Agent upon
Agents written request such additional information about any Canadian Pension Plan for which any Loan Party could reasonably expect
to incur any material liability. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, all employer or employee
payments, contributions, withholdings or premiums required to be remitted, paid to or in respect of Canadian income tax, vacation pay
and statutory benefit plans that any Loan Party is required to participate in or comply with, including the Canada Pension Plan or Quebec
Pension Plan and plans administered pursuant to applicable workplace safety insurance and employment insurance legislation will be paid
or remitted by each such Person when due in accordance with the terms thereof, any agreements relating thereto and all applicable laws.

4.11. Environmental
Condition. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.11 to the Senior Credit Agreement or as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) to each Loan Party's knowledge, no Loan Party's nor any of its Subsidiaries' properties
or assets has ever been used by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or by previous owners or operations in the disposal of, or to produce,
store, handle, treat, release, or transport, any Hazardous Materials, where such disposal, production, storage, handling, treatment,
release or transport was in violation, in any material respect, of any applicable Environmental Law, (b) to each Loan Party's knowledge
after due inquiry, no Loan Party's nor any of its Subsidiaries' properties or assets has ever been designated or identified in any manner
pursuant to any environmental protection statute as a Hazardous Materials disposal site, (c) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received notice that a Lien arising under any Environmental Law has attached to any revenues or to any Real Property owned or operated
by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (d) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective facilities or operations
is subject to any outstanding written order, consent decree, or settlement agreement with any Person relating to any Environmental Law
or Environmental Liability, and (e) to each Loan Party's knowledge, (i) there are no visible signs of release, spills, discharges,
leaks or disposal (collectively referred to as "Releases") of Hazardous Materials at, upon, under or within any Real
Property or any premises leased by the Loan Parties and/or their respective Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no underground storage
tanks or polychlorinated biphenyls on the Real Property or any premises leased by the Loan Parties and/or their respective Subsidiaries,
and (iii) no Hazardous Materials are present on any Real Property or any premises leased by the Loan Parties and/or their respective
Subsidiaries, excepting such quantities as are handled in accordance with all applicable manufacturer's instructions and governmental
regulations and in proper storage containers and as are necessary for the operation of the commercial business of the Loan Parties and
their respective Subsidiaries or of their tenants.

-46-

4.12. Complete
Disclosure. All factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information and projections and information
of a general economic nature and general information about the industry of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries) furnished by or on behalf
of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent or any Lender (including all information contained in the Schedules incorporated
by reference hereto or in the other Loan Documents or Comtech's Exchange Act filings) for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement
or the other Loan Documents, and all other such factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information and projections
and information of a general economic nature and general information about the industry of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries) hereafter
furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent or any Lender will be, true and accurate, in all material
respects, on the date as of which such information is dated or certified and not incomplete by omitting to state any fact necessary to
make such information (taken as a whole) not misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the circumstances under which
such information was provided. The Projections delivered to the Required Lenders on or about April 30, 2024 represent, and as of
the date on which any other Projections are delivered to Agent, such additional Projections represent, Borrowers good faith estimate,
on the date such Projections are delivered, of the Loan Parties' and their Subsidiaries' future performance for the periods covered thereby
based upon assumptions believed by Borrower to be reasonable at the time of the delivery thereof to Agent (it being understood that such
Projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties and
their Subsidiaries, and no assurances can be given that such Projections will be realized, and although reflecting Borrowers good
faith estimate, projections or forecasts based on methods and assumptions which Borrower believed to be reasonable at the time such Projections
were prepared, are not to be viewed as facts, and that actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections may differ
materially from projected or estimated results). As of the Senior Credit Agreement Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial
Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects.

4.13. Patriot
Act, etc.. To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with the (a) Trading
with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR,
Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (b) Uniting and Strengthening
America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act of 2001, as amended) (the "Patriot
Act"), and (c) Canadian AML Laws.

4.14. Payment
of Taxes. Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries (a) has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required
to have been filed by it, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, and (b) has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except to the extent contested through
a Permitted Protest, or to the extent the failure to pay such Taxes, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

4.15. Margin
Stock. Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock or is engaged principally, or as one of its important
activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. No part of the proceeds of
the Loans made to Borrower will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing
or carrying any Margin Stock or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors. Neither
any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries expects to acquire any Margin Stock.

4.16. Governmental
Regulation. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act or the Investment
Company Act of 1940 or under any other federal, state, provincial or territorial statute or regulation which may limit its ability to
incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or any portion of the Obligations unenforceable. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a "registered investment company" or a company "controlled" by a "registered investment company" or
a "principal underwriter" of a "registered investment company" as such terms are defined in the Investment Company
Act of 1940.

-47-

4.17. OFAC;
Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any
Sanctions. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, agent
or Affiliate of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary (a) is a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, (b) has any assets located
in Sanctioned Entities, or (c) derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons or Sanctioned Entities.
Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance
with all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge
of each such Loan Party, each director, officer, employee, agent and Affiliate of each such Loan Party and each such Subsidiary, is in
compliance with all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No proceeds of any Loan made hereunder will be used
to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity,
or otherwise used in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanction, Anti-Corruption Law or Anti-Money Laundering Law by
any Person (including any Lender or other individual or entity participating in any transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this
section shall not be made by nor apply to any Person that is registered or created under the laws of Canada or any province or territory
thereof and that carries on business in whole or in part in Canada within the meaning of Section 2 of the Foreign Extraterritorial
Measures (United States) Order, 1992 passed under the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) in so far as this section
would result in a violation of or conflict with the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) or any similar law.

4.18. Employee
and Labor Matters. There is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party after
due inquiry, threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration
proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement
and that could reasonably be expected to result in a material liability, (ii) no strike, labor dispute, slowdown, stoppage or
similar action or grievance pending or threatened in writing against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected
to result in a material liability, or (iii) to the knowledge of any Loan Party after due inquiry, no union representation question
existing with respect to the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries and no union organizing activity taking place with respect
to any of the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. None of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability
or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or similar state law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied.
The hours worked and payments made to employees of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor
Standards Act or any other applicable legal requirements, except to the extent such violations could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All material payments due from any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries on account
of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of Comtech,
except where the failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

-48-

4.19. Leases.
Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession under all leases material to their business and to which
they are parties or under which they are operating, and, subject to Permitted Protests, all of such material leases are valid and subsisting
and no material default by the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiaries exists under any of them.

4.20. Material
Contracts. Set forth on Schedule 4.28 of the Senior Credit Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time
in accordance with the Senior Credit Agreement) is a list of the Material Contracts of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries as of the
most recent date on which Comtech provided a Compliance Certificate to the Senior Credit Agreement Agent (as such Schedule may be updated
from time to time in accordance with the Senior Credit Agreement). Except for matters which, either individually or in the aggregate,
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Material Contract (other than those that have expired at
the end of their normal terms) (a) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against the applicable Loan Party
or its Subsidiary and, to each Loan Party's knowledge, each other Person that is a party thereto in accordance with its terms, (b) has
not been otherwise amended or modified (other than amendments or modifications permitted by Section 6.6(b)), and (c) is
not in default due to the action or inaction of the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiary.

5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.

Borrower covenants and agrees
that, until the payment in full of the Obligations:

5.1. Financial
Statements, Reports, Certificates. Borrower (a) will deliver to Agent, for distribution to each Lender, each of the financial
statements, reports, and other items set forth on Schedule 5.1 to the Senior Credit Agreement no later than the times specified
therein, (b) agree that no Subsidiary of a Loan Party will have a fiscal year different from that of Comtech, (c) agree to maintain
a system of accounting that enables Borrower to produce financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (d) agree that they will,
and will cause each other Loan Party to, (i) keep a reporting system that shows all additions, sales, claims, returns, and allowances
with respect to their and their Subsidiaries' sales, and (ii) maintain their billing systems and practices substantially as in effect
as of the Senior Credit Agreement Closing Date and shall only make material modifications thereto with notice to Agent. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, Borrower shall be deemed to have complied with this Section 5.1 if Borrower provides the
Agent a copy of any documents such Borrower delivered to the Senior Credit Agreement Agent pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Senior
Credit Agreement.

5.2. Reporting.
Borrower will deliver to Agent, for distribution to each Lender, each of the reports set forth on Schedule 5.2 to the Senior Credit
Agreement at the times specified therein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Borrower shall be deemed to have complied with
this Section 5.2 if Borrower provides the Agent a copy of any documents such Borrower delivered to the Senior Credit Agreement
Agent pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Senior Credit Agreement.

-49-

5.3. Existence.
Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.3 or Section 6.4, each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect such Person's valid existence and good standing in its jurisdiction
of organization and, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, good standing with respect to
all other jurisdictions in which it is qualified to do business and any rights, franchises, permits, licenses, accreditations, authorizations,
or other approvals material to their businesses.

5.4. Maintenance
of Properties. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain and preserve all of its assets that
are necessary for the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear, tear, casualty, and condemnation
and Permitted Dispositions excepted.

5.5. Taxes.
Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its Tax liabilities, before the same shall become delinquent or
in default, except where (i) such Tax is the subject of a Permitted Protest or (ii) the failure to pay such Tax would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

5.6. Insurance.

(a) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at Borrowers expense, maintain insurance respecting each of each Loan
Party's and its Subsidiaries' assets wherever located, covering liabilities, losses or damages as are customarily insured against by other
Persons engaged in same or similar businesses and similarly situated and located. All such policies of insurance shall be with financially
sound and reputable insurance companies reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders (it being agreed that the Loan Parties' existing
insurance providers as set forth in the certificates of insurance delivered in connection with the Senior Credit Agreement shall be deemed
to be reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders) and in such amounts as is carried generally in accordance with sound business practice
by companies in similar businesses similarly situated and located and, in any event, in amount, adequacy, and scope reasonably satisfactory
to the Required Lenders (it being agreed that the amount, adequacy, and scope of the policies of insurance of Borrower in effect as of
the Senior Credit Agreement Closing Date are acceptable to the Required Lenders).

5.7. [Reserved].

5.8. Compliance
with Laws. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with the requirements of all applicable laws,
rules, regulations, and orders of any Governmental Authority, other than laws, rules, regulations, and orders the non-compliance with
which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

5.9. Environmental.
Except as would not, in each case, be material to any Loan Party:

(a) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep any property either owned or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries
free of any Environmental Liens or post bonds or other financial assurances sufficient to satisfy the obligations or liability evidenced
by such Environmental Liens.

-50-

(b) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, ensure that the Real Property, to the extent controlled by any Loan Party,
and all operations and businesses conducted by any Loan Party thereon remains in material compliance with all Environmental Laws and such
Loan Party will not, and will cause its Subsidiaries not to, place or permit to be placed any Hazardous Materials on any Real Property
except as permitted by applicable law or appropriate Governmental Authorities.

(c) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) employ in connection with the use of any Real Property appropriate
technology necessary to maintain material compliance with any applicable Environmental Laws and (ii) dispose of any and all Hazardous
Materials generated at the Real Property only at facilities and with carriers that maintain valid permits under any applicable Environmental
Laws. The Loan Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to, use reasonable best efforts to obtain certificates of
disposal, such as hazardous waste manifest receipts, from all treatment, transport, storage or disposal facilities or operators employed
by such Loan Parties or their respective Subsidiaries in connection with the transport or disposal of any Hazardous Materials generated
at any Real Property.

(d) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, promptly notify Agent of any Release of which any Loan Party has knowledge
of a Hazardous Material in any reportable quantity from or onto any Real Property owned or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries
and take any Remedial Actions required of such Loan Party to abate said release or otherwise to come into compliance, in all material
respects, with applicable Environmental Law.

(e) Each
Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, promptly, but in any event within five (5) Business Days of its receipt
thereof, provide Agent with written notice of any of the following: (i) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against
any of the real or personal property of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (ii) commencement of any Environmental Action or written
notice that an Environmental Action will be filed against a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and (iii) written notice of a violation,
citation, or other administrative order from a Governmental Authority.

5.10. Disclosure
Updates. Each Loan Party will, promptly and in no event later than five (5) Business Days after obtaining knowledge thereof,
notify Agent if any written information, exhibit, or report furnished to Agent or the Lenders contained, at the time it was furnished,
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading
in light of the circumstances in which made. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, any notification pursuant to the foregoing
provision will not cure or remedy the effect of the prior untrue statement of a material fact or omission of any material fact nor shall
any such notification have the effect of amending or modifying this Agreement or any of the Schedules incorporated by reference hereto.

5.11. Additional
Guarantors. The Borrower will promptly cause any Subsidiary that is a Guarantor under and as defined in the Senior
Credit Agreement to execute and deliver a joinder to this Agreement as a Guarantor hereunder.

-51-

5.12.[Reserved].

5.12.Weekly
Calls. If requested by the Lenders, appropriate members of management of the Borrower will participate in weekly conference calls upon
reasonable advance notice and at mutually agreed times pursuant to which management will deliver updates and reports including but not
limited to (a) the Loan Parties' liquidity, (b) the Loan Parties' most recent 26-week cash flow forecast and variance analysis,
including risks to the forecast and updates on the status of significant accounts receivable, (c) current accounts receivable and
payable agings of the Loan Parties including top 20 consolidated accounts and a report on inventory balances by business and (d) Loan
Parties' operations, including managements plans for operational rationalization, on-going strategic alternatives processes and
the financial performance of each business unit. In addition, if requested by the Lenders, the Borrower agrees to keep the Lenders reasonably
informed of the status of any calls provided to the lenders pursuant to Section 5.21 of the Senior Credit Agreement.

5.13. [Reserved].

5.14. [Reserved].

5.15.[Reserved].

5.155.16. OFAC;
Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to
comply with all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries shall implement
and maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and their respective
directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates with all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this section shall not be made by nor apply to any Person that is registered or created under the laws of Canada or any
province or territory thereof and that carries on business in whole or in part in Canada within the meaning of Section 2 of the Foreign
Extraterritorial Measures (United States) Order, 1992 passed under the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) in so far
as this section would result in a violation of or conflict with the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) or any similar
law.

5.165.17. Material
Contracts. The Borrower will provide Agent with copies any documents provided to the Senior Credit Agreement Agent pursuant to
Section 5.16 of the Senior Credit Agreement.

-52-

5.175.18. Compliance
with ERISA and the IRC. In addition to and without limiting the generality of Section 5.8, (a) comply in all
material respects with applicable provisions of ERISA and the IRC with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans, (b) without the prior
written consent of Agent and the Required Lenders, not take any action or fail to take action the result of which could result in a Loan
Party or ERISA Affiliate incurring a liability to the PBGC or to a Multiemployer Plan (other than to pay contributions or premiums payable
in the ordinary course) that, in the aggregate, reasonably could be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) allow any
facts or circumstances to exist with respect to one or more Employee Benefit Plans that, in the aggregate, reasonably could be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (d) [reserved], (e) operate each Employee Benefit Plan in such a manner that
will not incur any material tax liability under the IRC (including Section 4980B of the IRC), and (f) furnish to Agent upon
Agent's written request such additional information about any Employee Benefit Plan for which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate could
reasonably expect to incur any material liability. With respect to each Pension Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) except as could
not reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Loan Parties that would result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Loan Parties
and the ERISA Affiliates shall (i) satisfy in full and in a timely manner, without incurring any late payment or underpayment charge
or penalty and without giving rise to any Lien, all of the contribution and funding requirements of the IRC and of ERISA, and (ii) pay,
or cause to be paid, to the PBGC in a timely manner, without incurring any late payment or underpayment charge or penalty, all premiums
required pursuant to ERISA.

6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS.

Borrower covenants and agrees
that, until the payment in full of the Obligations:

6.1. Indebtedness.
Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, suffer to exist, guarantee, or otherwise
become or remain, directly or indirectly, liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except for Permitted Indebtedness.

6.2. Liens.
Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist, directly or indirectly,
any Lien on or with respect to any of its assets, of any kind, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom,
except for Permitted Liens.

6.3. Restrictions
on Fundamental Changes. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,

(a) Other
than in order to consummate a Permitted Acquisition, enter into any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, reorganization, or recapitalization,
or reclassify its Equity Interests, except for (i) any merger or amalgamation between Loan Parties; provided, that the Borrower
must be the surviving entity of any such merger or amalgamation to which it is a party and no merger may occur between Comtech and any
other Loan Parties, (ii) any merger or amalgamation between a Loan Party and a Subsidiary of such Loan Party that is not a Loan Party
so long as such Loan Party is the surviving entity of any such merger or amalgamation, (iii) any merger or amalgamation between Subsidiaries
of any Loan Party that are not Loan Parties and (iv) any merger, consolidation, reorganization, or recapitalization, or reclassification
of its Equity Interests carried out in order to consummate a Permitted Disposition; provided, that in no event shall any Loan Party
merge or amalgamate with any other Person other than a US Loan Party or other Loan Party organized in the same jurisdiction as such Loan
Party unless, in each case, such Loan Party is the surviving entity,

(b) liquidate,
wind up, or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), except for (i) the liquidation or dissolution of non-operating
Subsidiaries of any Loan Party with nominal assets and nominal liabilities, (ii) the liquidation or dissolution of a Loan Party (other
than the Borrower) or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries (other than the Borrower) so long as all of the assets (including any interest
in any Equity Interests) of such liquidating or dissolving Loan Party or Subsidiary are transferred to a Loan Party that is not liquidating
or dissolving, or (iii) the liquidation or dissolution of a Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party so long as all
of the assets of such liquidating or dissolving Subsidiary are transferred to a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not liquidating or
dissolving, or

-53-

(c) suspend
or cease operating a substantial portion of its or their business, except as permitted pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) above
or in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 6.4.

6.4. Disposal
of Assets. Other than Permitted Dispositions or transactions expressly permitted by Sections 6.3 or 6.9, each Loan
Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, convey, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of
any of its or their assets (including by an allocation of assets among newly divided limited liability companies pursuant to a "plan
of division").

6.5. Nature
of Business. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any change in the nature of its or
their business as described in Schedule 6.5 to the Senior Credit Agreement or acquire any properties or assets that are not
reasonably related to the conduct of such business activities; provided, that the foregoing shall not prevent any Loan Party and
its Subsidiaries from engaging in any business that is reasonably related or ancillary to its or their business.

6.6. Prepayments,
Payments of Certain Indebtedness and Amendments. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,

(a) Except
in connection with Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1,

(i) optionally
prepay, redeem, defease, purchase, or otherwise acquire or satisfy any Indebtedness of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, other than
(A) the Obligations in accordance with this Agreement, or (B) Permitted Intercompany Advances or (C) the Senior Credit
Agreement Obligations, or

(ii) make
any payment on account of Indebtedness that has been contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations if such payment
is not permitted at such time under the subordination terms and conditions.

(b) Directly
or indirectly, amend, modify, or change any of the terms or provisions of:

(i) any
agreement, instrument, document, indenture, or other writing evidencing or concerning Permitted Indebtedness other than (A) the Obligations
in accordance with this Agreement, (B) Permitted Intercompany Advances, (C) Indebtedness permitted under clauses (c), (h), (j),
(k) and (t) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,

-54-

(ii) the
Governing Documents of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries if the effect thereof, either individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders,

(iii) the
Specified Preferred Equity Documents if the effect thereof could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the
Lenders, or

(iv) any
Material Contract except to the extent that such amendment, modification, or change would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders.

6.7. Restricted
Payments. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Restricted Payment; provided,
that so long as it is permitted by law,

(a) so
long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
may make distributions to Comtech for the sole purpose of allowing Comtech to, and Comtech shall use the proceeds thereof solely to make
distributions to former employees, officers, or directors of Comtech (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing)
on account of redemptions of Equity Interests of Comtech held by such Persons; provided, that the aggregate amount of such redemptions
made by Comtech during the term of this Agreement plus the amount of Indebtedness outstanding under clause (l) of the definition
of Permitted Indebtedness, does not exceed $1,200,000 in the aggregate,

(b) so
long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, Comtech may make distributions
to former employees, officers, or directors of Comtech (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing), solely in the
form of forgiveness of Indebtedness of such Persons owing to Comtech on account of repurchases of the Equity Interests of Comtech held
by such Persons; provided, that such Indebtedness was incurred by such Persons solely to acquire Equity Interests of Comtech,

(c) Comtech's
Subsidiaries may make distributions to Comtech (i) in an amount sufficient to pay franchise taxes and other fees required to maintain
the legal existence of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries to the extent actually used by Comtech to pay such taxes, costs and expenses,
and (ii) in an amount sufficient to pay out-of-pocket legal, accounting and filing costs and other expenses in the nature of overhead
in the ordinary course of business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, in the case of clause (ii) in an aggregate amount
not to exceed $1,200,000 in any fiscal year,

(d) Comtech
may make Restricted Payments consisting of in-kind dividends in respect of the Specified Preferred Equity made in accordance with Section 5
of the Specified Preferred Equity COD,

(e) [reserved],

(f) any
Subsidiary may declare and pay dividends or make other distributions with respect to its Equity Interests, or make other Restricted Payments
in respect of its Equity Interests, in each case ratably to the holders of such Equity Interests (or, if not ratably, on a basis more
favorable to the Loan Parties),

-55-

(g) for
any taxable period for which the Borrowers or any of their respective Subsidiaries is a member (or disregarded as an entity that is separate
from such a member for applicable income or similar tax purposes) of a consolidated or similar income or similar tax group of which a
direct or indirect parent of any Borrower (other than Comtech) is the common parent or for which a Borrower (other than Comtech) is treated
as an entity that is disregarded as separate from a corporate parent for applicable income or similar Tax purposes, distributions to its
direct or indirect owner to pay the portion of the income Taxes of such Tax group or such corporate parent, as applicable, that are attributable
to the income of Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, in an amount not to exceed the amount of any U.S. federal, state, local
and/or non-U.S. income Taxes that Borrowers and/or their respective Subsidiaries would have paid for such taxable period had such entities
been a stand-alone corporate taxpayer or a stand-alone corporate group, provided that Comtech shall not be permitted to make any such
distributions, and

(h) Comtech
may make any Restricted Payments so long as (A) no Default of Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom,
(B) Liquidity is at least $28,000,000, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, and (C) the
Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement) (as of the last day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of
the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Schedule 5.1(a) or 5.1(e)) is less
than 2.10 to 1.00, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payment.

6.8. Accounting
Methods. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, modify or change its fiscal year or its method
of accounting (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP).

6.9. Investments.
Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make or acquire any Investment or incur
any liabilities (including contingent obligations) for or in connection with any Investment except for Permitted Investments.

6.10. Transactions
with Affiliates. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into
or permit to exist any transaction with any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries except for:

(a) transactions
(other than the payment of management, consulting, monitoring, or advisory fees) between such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and any Affiliate of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, so long as such transactions (i) are fully disclosed
to Agent prior to the consummation thereof, if they involve one or more payments by such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in excess of $2,400,000
for any single transaction or series of related transactions, and (ii) are no less favorable, taken as a whole, to such Loan Party
or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, than would be obtained in an arm's length transaction with a non-Affiliate,

-56-

(b) any
indemnity provided for the benefit of directors (or comparable managers) of a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries so long as it has
been approved by such Loan Party's or such Subsidiary's board of directors (or comparable governing body) in accordance with applicable
law,

(c) the
payment of reasonable compensation, severance, or employee benefit arrangements to employees, officers, and outside directors (or similar
governing body) of a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and consistent with industry practice so
long as it has been approved by such Loan Party's or such Subsidiary's board of directors (or comparable governing body) in accordance
with applicable law,

(d) (i) transactions
solely among the Loan Parties, and (ii) transactions solely among Subsidiaries of Loan Parties that are not Loan Parties,

(e) transactions
with Permitted Holders pursuant to any agreement or arrangement set forth in the Specified Preferred Equity Documents (including the issuance
or exchange of additional Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) thereunder,

(f) transactions
permitted by Section 6.3, Section 6.7, or Section 6.9,

(g) agreements
for the non-exclusive licensing of Intellectual Property, or distribution of products, in each case, among the Loan Parties and their
Subsidiaries for the purpose of the counterparty thereof operating its business, and agreements for the assignment of Intellectual Property
from any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to any Loan Party,

(h) the
entering into of any Tax sharing agreement by or among entities that are members of the same consolidated, combined, unitary or similar
tax group, provided that payments thereunder are not restricted by Section 6.7, and

(i) issuances
of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise to employees, officers or directors of the Loan Parties
or their Subsidiaries pursuant to, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans held by such employees officers or directors
and not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement.

6.11. Use
of Proceeds. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of any Loan made hereunder
for any purpose other than consistent with the terms and conditions hereof, for their lawful and permitted purposes; provided that
(x) no part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used to purchase or carry any such Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for
the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such Margin Stock or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of
the Board of Governors, (y) no part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, directly or, knowingly, indirectly, to make any payments
to a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to fund any investments, loans or contributions in, or otherwise make such proceeds available
to, a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to fund any operations, activities or business of a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned
Person, or in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person, and (z) that no part of the proceeds
of any Loan will be used, directly or, knowingly, indirectly, in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of
the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money
Laundering Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this section shall not be made by nor apply to any Person that is registered or created
under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and that carries on business in whole or in part in Canada within the meaning
of Section 2 of the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures (United States) Order, 1992 passed under the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures
Act (Canada) in so far as this section would result in a violation of or conflict with the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act
(Canada) or any similar law. Borrower will use the proceeds of the Amendment
No. 1 Term Loans borrowed on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date to consummate the Amendment No. 2 Paydowns and Commitment
Reduction (as defined in Amendment No. 2 to Senior Credit Agreement).

-57-

6.12. Limitation
on Issuance of Equity Interests. Except for the issuance or sale of Qualified Equity Interests by Comtech, Borrower will not,
and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue or sell any of its Equity Interests (other than (a) Equity Interests issued
by a Subsidiary of a Loan Party to its direct parent company or (b) Equity Interests issued by a joint venture or other non-wholly-owned
Subsidiary pursuant to a transaction with respect to such Equity Interests permitted by Section 6.4 or Section 6.9).

6.13. Inventory
with Bailees. Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, store its Inventory at any time with a bailee,
warehouseman, or similar party except as set forth on Schedule 4.24 (as such Schedule may be amended in accordance with Section 5.14
of the Senior Credit Agreement).

6.14. Sale
Leaseback Transactions. Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly,
whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as
the property sold or transferred, except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made
for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 180 days after
Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset; provided that, if such sale
and leaseback results in a Capitalized Lease Obligation, such Capitalized Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.1 and
any Lien made the subject of such Capitalized Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.2.

6.15. Employee
Benefits. Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,

(a) Terminate,
or permit any ERISA Affiliate to terminate, any Pension Plan in a manner, or take any other action with respect to any Pension Plan, which
could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate to the PBGC.

(b) [Reserved].

(c) Permit
to exist, or allow any ERISA Affiliate to permit to exist, any accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of Section 302 of
ERISA or Section 412 of the IRC, whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan or all Pension Plans in the aggregate, that
in either case would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

-58-

(d) [Reserved].

(e) Contribute
to or assume an obligation to contribute to, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to,
any Multiemployer Plan not set forth on Schedule 4.10 to the Senior Credit Agreement without advance notice to the Agent.

(f) Amend,
or permit any ERISA Affiliate to amend, a Pension Plan resulting in a material increase in current liability such that a Loan Party or
ERISA Affiliate is required to provide security to such Pension Plan under the IRC that would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

6.16. Non-Loan
Party Subsidiaries. Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties to own, or have an exclusive
license to use, any Intellectual Property that is material to the business of the Loan Parties.

6.17. Canadian
Pension Matters. Borrower will not permit any Canadian Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries organized under the federal laws
of Canada or any province or territory thereto to:

(a) maintain,
sponsor, administer, contribute to, participate in or assume or incur any liability in respect of any Canadian Defined Benefit Pension
Plan or amalgamate with any Person if such Person, sponsors, administers, contributes to, participates in or has any liability in respect
of, any Canadian Defined Benefit Pension Plan; or

(b) terminate
any Canadian Pension Plan in a manner, or take any other action with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan, which could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

6.18. Anti-Layering.
Neither Comtech nor any Subsidiary of Comtech will create or incur any Indebtedness which is subordinated or junior in right of payment
to any other Indebtedness of the Loan Parties, unless such Indebtedness is also subordinated or junior in right of payment, in the same
manner and to the same extent, to the Obligations.

6.19. Tax
Classification. No Loan Party shall, without the Agent's prior consent, change its classification for U.S. federal income tax
purposes (e.g., C corporation, partnership, disregarded entity, etc.) if such change would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

-59-

7. FINANCIAL COVENANTS.

Solely effective immediately
after the Discharge of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations, Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments
and the payment in full of the Obligations, Borrower will:

(a) Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio. Have a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, measured on a quarter-end basis, of at least the required amount set
forth in the following table for the applicable period set forth opposite thereto:

Applicable Ratio Applicable Period

0.96:1.0 For the 4 quarter period ending January 31, 2025

1:1.0 For the 4 quarter period ending April 30October 31, 2025, and for the 4 quarter period ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter through the 4 quarter period ending April 30, 2026

1.04:1.0 For the 4 quarter period ending July 31, 2026, and for the 4 quarter period ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter through the 4 quarter period ending April 30, 2027

1.08:1.0 For the 4 quarter period ending July 31, 2027, and for the 4 quarter period ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter

(b) Net
Leverage Ratio. Have a Net Leverage Ratio, measured on a quarter-end basis, of not greater than the applicable ratio set forth
in the following table for the applicable date set forth opposite thereto:

Applicable Ratio Applicable Date

3.9:1.0 January 31, 2025

3.9:1.0 April 30, 2025

3.78:1.0 July 31, 2025

3.78:1.0 October 31, 2025

3.6:1.0 January 31, 2026

3.6:1.0 April 30, 2026

3.48:1.0 July 31, 2026

3.48:1.0 October 31, 2026

3.3:1.0 January 31, 2027

3.3:1.0 April 30, 2027

3.18:1.0 July 31, 2027, and the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter

-60-

(c) Minimum
EBITDA. Maintain TTM EBITDA, measured on a quarter-end basis, of at least the required amount set forth in the following table
for the applicable period set forth opposite thereto:

Applicable Amount Applicable Period

$28,000,000 For the 4 quarter period ending October 31, 2025, and for the 4 quarter period ending January 31, 2026

$30,000,000 For the 4 quarter period ending April 30, 2026, and for the 4 quarter period ending July 31, 2026

$32,000,000 For the 4 quarter period ending October 31, 2026, and for the 4 quarter period ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter

(d) Minimum
Average Liquidity: Maintain Average Liquidity for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter period, starting on the fiscal quarter
period ending NovemberApril 30,
20242025,
measured on the last day of each fiscal quarter for such fiscal quarter, of at least $20,000,00017,500,000.

8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

Any one or more of the following
events shall constitute an event of default (each, an "Event of Default") under this Agreement:

8.1. Payments.
If Borrower fails to pay when due and payable, or when declared due and payable, all or any portion of the principal of the Loans or the
Make-Whole Amount;

8.2. Covenants.
If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries:

(a) fails
to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of (i) Sections 5.1, 5.2, 5.3 (solely
if Comtech or any other Loan Party is not in existence or good standing in its jurisdiction of organization, as applicable), 5.6,
5.8, 5.10 or 5.11 of this Agreement, (ii) Section 6 of this Agreement and (iii) Section 7
of this Agreement;

-61-

(b) fails
to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of Sections 5.3 (other than if Comtech or any other Loan
Party is not in existence or good standing in its jurisdiction of organization, as applicable), 5.4 or 5.5, of this Agreement
and such failure continues for a period of fifteen (15) days after the earlier of (i) the date on which such failure shall first
become known to any officer of the Borrower, or (ii) the date on which written notice thereof is given to Borrower by Agent; or

(c) fails
to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in this Agreement, or in any of the other Loan Documents, in each case,
other than any such covenant or agreement that is the subject of another provision of this Section 8 (in which event such
other provision of this Section 8 shall govern), and such failure continues for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier
of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any officer of the Borrower, or (ii) the date on which written
notice thereof is given to Borrower by Agent;

8.3. Judgments.
If one or more judgments, orders, or awards for the payment of money involving an aggregate amount of $6,000,000, or more (except to the
extent covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has not denied coverage)
is entered or filed against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or with respect to any of their respective assets, and either (a) there
is a period of thirty (30) consecutive days at any time after the entry of any such judgment, order, or award during which (i) the
same is not discharged, satisfied, vacated, or bonded pending appeal, or (ii) a stay of enforcement thereof is not in effect, or
(b) enforcement proceedings are commenced upon such judgment, order, or award;

8.4. Voluntary
Bankruptcy. If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries; provided, for the avoidance of
doubt, that an Insolvency Proceeding may be commenced for Beijing Comtech EF Data Equipment Repair Service Co., Ltd. after the Closing
Date;

8.5. Involuntary
Bankruptcy. If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any of the following
events occur: (a) such Loan Party or such Subsidiary consents to the institution of such Insolvency Proceeding against it, (b) the
petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not dismissed or stayed within 45 days, (c) in respect of each Loan Party other
than a UK Loan Party, the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not dismissed within sixty calendar days of the date of the
filing thereof, (d) an interim trustee is appointed to take possession of all or any substantial portion of the properties or assets
of, or to operate all or any substantial portion of the business of, such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, or (e) an order for relief
shall have been issued or entered therein; in the case of a UK Loan Party there shall be no Event of Default under this Section 8.5
if the Insolvency Proceeding is a winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14
days of commencement;

8.6. [Reserved].

-62-

8.7. Representations.
If any warranty, representation, certificate, statement, or Record made herein or in any other Loan Document or delivered in writing to
Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document was untrue in any material respect (except that such
materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality
in the text thereof) as of the date of issuance or making or deemed making thereof;

8.8. Guaranty.
If the obligation of any Guarantor under the guaranty contained in the Guaranty, as applicable, is limited or terminated by operation
of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) or if any Guarantor repudiates or revokes or purports
to repudiate or revoke any such guaranty; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary, this Event of Default shall be subject
to the Legal Reservations (as applicable);

8.9. Defaults
Under Other Agreements. If there is a default in one or more agreements to which a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party with one or more third Persons relative to a Loan Party's or any of its Subsidiaries' Indebtedness involving an aggregate amount
of $5,000,000 or more (including the Senior Credit Agreement), and such default (x) is caused by a failure to pay any interest amounts
due under such agreement or any amounts due at maturity under such agreement, in each case, if not cured or waived within thirty (30)
days pursuant to the terms of such agreement, or (y) results in the acceleration by such third Person of the maturity of such Loan
Party's or its Subsidiary's obligations thereunder;

8.10. Loan
Documents. The validity or enforceability of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than solely as the result
of an action or failure to act on the part of Agent) be declared to be null and void, or a proceeding shall be commenced by a Loan Party
or its Subsidiaries, or by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, seeking to establish
the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries shall deny that such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries has
any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document; provided that in respect of any Foreign Subsidiary,
this Event of Default shall be subject to the Legal Reservations (as applicable);

8.11. Change
of Control. A Change of Control shall occur;

8.12. ERISA.
The occurrence of any of the following events: (a) any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate fails to make full payment when due of all amounts
which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate is required to pay as contributions, installments, or otherwise to or with respect to a Pension
Plan or Multiemployer Plan, and such failure could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Lien on
the assets of any Loan Party under Section 303(k) or Section 4068 of ERISA or Section 430(k) of the IRC, (b) an
accumulated funding deficiency or funding shortfall occurs or exists, whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan, individually
or in the aggregate, that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) a Notification Event, which could
reasonably be expected to result in liability, either individually or in the aggregate, that could reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, a payment liability of any Loan Party in excess of $6,000,000 or result in a Lien on the assets of any Loan
Party under Section 303(k) or Section 4068 of ERISA or Section 430(k) of the IRC, or (d) any Loan Party
or ERISA Affiliate completely or partially withdraws from one or more Multiemployer Plans and incurs Withdrawal Liability that could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or a payment liability of any Loan Party in excess of $6,000,000, or fails to make
any Withdrawal Liability payment when due;

-63-

8.13. [Reserved].

8.14. Material
Contracts. Any Material Contract is cancelled, terminated, amended, restated or otherwise modified in a manner which has a Material
Adverse Effect; provided that any Default or Event of Default as defined in and under the terms of
the Senior Credit Agreement (other than a Default or Event of Default with respect to the payment of Senior
Credit Agreement Obligations or which would allow for the acceleration of the maturity of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations) shall not
constitute an Event of Default pursuant to this Section 8.14; or

8.15. Conduct
of Business. If a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is enjoined, restrained, or in any way prevented by court order from continuing
to conduct all or any material of the business affairs of Comtech and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

9. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.

9.1. Rights
and Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Agent may, and, at the instruction of the
Required Lenders, shall (subject to the receipt of indemnity or security satisfactory to the Agent in accordance with Section 15),
in addition to any other rights or remedies provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document or by applicable law, do any one or
more of the following:

(a) by
written notice to Borrower, declare the principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of, the Loans and
all other Obligations, whether evidenced by this Agreement or by any of the other Loan Documents to be immediately due and payable, whereupon
the same shall become and be immediately due and payable and Borrower shall be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full, without
presentment, demand, protest, or further notice or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower;

(b) [reserved];
and

(c) exercise
all other rights and remedies available to Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents, under applicable law, or in equity; provided,
that with respect to any Event of Default resulting solely from failure of Borrowers to comply with the financial covenants set forth
in Section 7 after the occurrence of the Discharge of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations, neither Agent nor the Required
Lenders may exercise the foregoing remedies in this Section 9.1 until the date that is the earlier of (i) fifteen (15)
Business Days after the day on which financial statements are required to be delivered for the applicable fiscal quarter, and (ii) the
date that Agent receives notice that there will not be a Curative Equity contribution made for such fiscal quarter.

-64-

The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding,
upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.4 or Section 8.5, in addition to the remedies
set forth above, without any notice to Borrower or any other Person or any act by the Lender Group, the Obligations, inclusive of the
principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of, the Loans and all other Obligations, whether evidenced
by this Agreement or by any of the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become and be immediately due and payable and Borrower shall
automatically be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full, without presentment, demand, protest, or notice or other requirements
of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by Borrower.

9.2. Remedies
Cumulative. The rights and remedies of the Lender Group under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and all other agreements
shall be cumulative. The Lender Group shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided under the Code, the
PPSA, by law, or in equity. No exercise by the Lender Group of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by the Lender
Group of any Default or Event of Default shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by the Lender Group shall constitute a waiver,
election, or acquiescence by it.

9.3. Curative
Equity.

Subject to, and solely after,
the occurrence of the Discharge of Senior Credit Agreement Obligations:

(a) Subject
to the limitations set forth in clauses (d) and (e) below, Borrowers may cure (and shall be deemed to have cured) an Event of
Default arising out of a breach of the financial covenants set forth in Section 7 (the "Specified Financial Covenants")
if they receive the cash proceeds of an investment of Curative Equity on or before the date that is fifteen (15) Business Days after the
date that is the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Compliance Certificate is delivered to Agent in respect of the fiscal
quarter with respect to which any such breach occurred (the "Specified Financial Quarter"), and (ii) the date on which
the Compliance Certificate is required to be delivered to Agent pursuant to Section 5.1 in respect of the Specified Financial
Quarter (such earlier date, the "Financial Statement Delivery Date"); provided, that Borrowers' right to so cure an Event
of Default shall be contingent on their timely delivery of such Compliance Certificate and financial statements for the Specified Financial
Quarter as required under Section 5.1.

(b) In
connection with a cure of an Event of Default under this Section 9.3, on or before the Financial Statement Delivery Date for
the Specified Financial Quarter, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent a certification of an Authorized Person which contains, or Borrowers
shall include in the Compliance Certificate for the Specified Financial Quarter: (i) an indication that Borrowers will receive proceeds
of Curative Equity for the Specified Financial Quarter and a statement setting forth the anticipated amount of such proceeds, (ii) a
calculation of the financial results or prospective financial results of Borrowers for the Specified Financial Quarter (including for
such purposes the proceeds of the Curative Equity (broken out separately) as deemed EBITDA as if received on such date), which shall confirm
that on a pro forma basis after taking into account the receipt of the Curative Equity proceeds, Borrowers would have been or will be
in compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter, (iii) a certification that the full amount
of the cash proceeds of the equity investment made to Comtech in connection with such cure of the Event of Default shall be used to prepay
the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(e)(iv), regardless of whether the amount of such cash proceeds is in excess
of the amount that is sufficient to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial
Quarter, and (iv) a certification that any amount of the cash proceeds of the equity investment in excess of the amount that is sufficient
to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter shall not be included
in the calculation of EBITDA for any fiscal period.

-65-

(c) Borrowers
shall promptly notify Agent of its receipt of any proceeds of Curative Equity (and shall immediately apply the full amount of the cash
proceeds of such equity investment to the payment of the Obligations in the manner specified in Section 2.4(e)(iv)).

(d) Any
investment of Curative Equity shall be in immediately available funds and shall be in an amount that is sufficient to cause Borrowers
to be in compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter, calculated for such purpose as if such
amount of Curative Equity were additional EBITDA of Parent as at such date.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, regardless of whether an investment of Curative Equity is made prior to the applicable Financial
Statement Delivery Date, Borrowers' rights under this Section 9.3 may (i) be exercised not more than four times during
the term of this Agreement, (ii) not be exercised more than two times in any four consecutive fiscal quarter period and not more
than once during any two consecutive fiscal quarters. Any Curative Equity shall not exceed the amount necessary, after giving effect thereto,
to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with all of the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter. Regardless of
whether an investment of Curative Equity is made prior to the applicable Financial Statement Delivery Date, any amount of Curative Equity
that is in excess of the amount sufficient to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with all of the Specified Financial Covenants as at
such date shall not constitute Curative Equity.

(f) If
Borrowers have (i) delivered a certification or a Compliance Certificate conforming to the requirements of Section 9.3(b),
and (ii) received proceeds of an investment of Curative Equity in immediately available funds on or before the deadline set forth
in Section 9.3(a) and in an amount that is sufficient to cause Borrowers to be in compliance with the Specified Financial
Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter, any Event of Default that occurs or has occurred and is continuing as a result of a breach
of the Specified Financial Covenants for the Specified Financial Quarter shall be deemed cured with no further action required by the
Required Lenders. Prior to satisfaction of the foregoing requirements of this Section 9.3(f), any Event of Default that occurs
or has occurred as a result of a breach of the Specified Financial Covenants shall be deemed to be continuing and, as a result, the Lenders
shall have no obligation to make additional loans or otherwise extend additional credit hereunder. In the event Borrowers do not cure
all financial covenant violations as provided in this Section 9.3, the existing Event(s) of Default shall continue unless
waived in writing by the Required Lenders in accordance herewith.

(g) To
the extent that Curative Equity is received and included in the calculation of the Specified Financial Covenants as deemed EBITDA for
any fiscal quarter pursuant to this Section 9.3, such Curative Equity shall be deemed to be EBITDA for purposes of determining
compliance with the Specified Financial Covenants for subsequent periods that include such fiscal month. Curative Equity shall be disregarded
for purposes of determining EBITDA for any pricing, financial covenant based conditions or any baskets with respect to the covenants contained
in this Agreement. In addition, notwithstanding any mandatory prepayment of Obligations pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(iv), any
Indebtedness so prepaid shall be deemed to remain outstanding for purposes of determining pro forma or actual compliance with the Specified
Financial Covenants or for determining any pricing, financial covenant based conditions or baskets with respect to the covenants contained
in this Agreement, in each case in the Specified Financial Quarter.

-66-

10. WAIVERS; INDEMNIFICATION.

10.1. Demand;
Protest; etc. Borrower waives demand, protest, notice of protest, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment,
nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees
at any time held by the Lender Group on which the Borrower may in any way be liable.

10.2. [Reserved].

10.3. Indemnification.
Borrower shall pay, indemnify, defend, and hold the Agent-Related Persons and the Lender-Related Persons (each, an "Indemnified
Person") harmless (to the fullest extent permitted by law) from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations,
proceedings, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements
of attorneys, experts, or consultants and all other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith or in connection with
the enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought), at any time asserted
against, imposed upon, or incurred by any of them (a) in connection with or as a result of or related to the execution and delivery
(provided, that Borrower shall not be liable for costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket attorneys'
fees) of any Lender (other than White Hat Capital Partners LP, Magnetar Capital LLC and their respective Affiliates) incurred in advising,
structuring, drafting, reviewing, administering or syndicating the Loan Documents), enforcement, performance, or administration (including
any restructuring or workout with respect hereto) of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby or the monitoring of Comtech's and its Subsidiaries' compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents (provided,
that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall not extend to (i) disputes solely between or among the Lenders that do not
involve any acts or omissions of any Loan Party, or (ii) disputes solely between or among the Lenders and their respective Affiliates
that do not involve any acts or omissions of any Loan Party; it being understood and agreed that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall
extend to Agent (but not the Lenders unless the dispute involves an act or omission of a Loan Party) relative to disputes between or among
Agent on the one hand, and one or more Lenders, or one or more of their Affiliates, on the other hand, or (iii) any claims for Taxes,
which shall be governed by Section 16, other than Taxes which relate to primarily non-Tax claims), (b) with respect to
any actual or prospective investigation, litigation, or proceeding related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the making of any
Loans, or the use of the proceeds of the Loans (irrespective of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto), or any act, omission,
event, or circumstance in any manner related thereto, and (c) in connection with or arising out of any presence or release of Hazardous
Materials at, on, under, to or from any assets or properties owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or
any Environmental Actions, Environmental Liabilities or Remedial Actions related in any way to any such assets or properties of any Loan
Party or any of its Subsidiaries (each and all of the foregoing, the "Indemnified Liabilities"). The foregoing to the
contrary notwithstanding, Borrower shall not have any obligation to any Indemnified Person under this Section 10.3 with respect
to any Indemnified Liability that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of such Indemnified Person or its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, or agents. This provision shall survive the termination
of this Agreement and the repayment in full of the Obligations. If any Indemnified Person makes any payment to any other Indemnified Person
with respect to an Indemnified Liability as to which Borrower was required to indemnify the Indemnified Person receiving such payment,
the Indemnified Person making such payment is entitled to be indemnified and reimbursed by Borrower with respect thereto. WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE FOREGOING INDEMNITY SHALL APPLY TO EACH INDEMNIFIED PERSON WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES WHICH IN WHOLE OR IN PART ARE
CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENT ACT OR OMISSION OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON OR OF ANY OTHER PERSON.

-67-

11. NOTICES.

Unless otherwise provided in
this Agreement, all notices or demands relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be in writing and (except for financial
statements and other informational documents which may be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid) shall be personally delivered or
sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, electronic mail (at such email addresses
as a party may designate in accordance herewith), or telefacsimile. In the case of notices or demands to any Loan Party or Agent, as the
case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below:

If to any Loan Party: 

c/o COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

68
South Service Road, Suite 230

Melville, New York 11747

Attn: Michael A. Bondi, Chief Financial Officer

E-mail: Michael.Bondi@comtech.com

Telephone
No.: (631) 962-7106

with copies to (which shall not constitute notice): 

PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP

1285 Avenue of Americas

New York, New York 10019-6064

Attn: David Tarr, Esq.

E-mail: dtarr@paulweiss.com

Telephone No.: (212) 373-3375

-68-

If to Agent or any Lender: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

Global Corporate Trust

214 N. Tryon Street, 27th Floor

Charlotte, NC 28202

Attention: James A. Hanley

Email: agency.services@usbank.com;

james.hanley1@usbank.com

Telephone: (302) 485-4191

with copies to (which shall not constitute notice): 

SHIPMAN & GOODWIN LLP

One Constitution Plaza,

Hartford, CT 06103

Attention: Kimberly S. Cohen

Email: kcohen@goodwin.com

Telephone: (860) 251-5804

Any party hereto may change
the address at which they are to receive notices hereunder, by notice in writing in the foregoing manner given to the other party. All
notices or demands sent in accordance with this Section 11, shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual
receipt or three (3) Business Days after the deposit thereof in the mail; provided, that (a) notices sent by overnight
courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received, (b) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when
sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business
on the next Business Day for the recipient) and (c) notices by electronic mail shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt
of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function, as available, return email
or other written acknowledgment). Any note to Agent shall be effective upon actual receipt.

12. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER.

(a) THE
VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT
OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT), THE CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF AND THEREOF, THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO
AND THERETO WITH RESPECT TO ALL MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES OR
DISPUTES ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

-69-

(b) THE
PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE TRIED AND
LITIGATED ONLY IN THE STATE AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, STATE OF
NEW YORK. BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT EACH MAY HAVE
TO ASSERT THE DOCTRINE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS OR TO OBJECT TO VENUE TO THE EXTENT ANY PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS SECTION 12(b).

(c) TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS, IF
ANY, TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF
THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS,
AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS (EACH A "CLAIM"). BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP REPRESENT
THAT EACH HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER AND EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.
IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.

(d) BORROWER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF
NEW YORK AND THE STATE OF NEW YORK, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR FOR RECOGNITION
OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE
AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT
OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT AGENT MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

(e) NO
CLAIM MAY BE MADE BY ANY LOAN PARTY AGAINST AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY AFFILIATE, DIRECTOR, OFFICER, EMPLOYEE, COUNSEL, REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT, OR ATTORNEY-IN-FACT OF ANY OF THEM FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR LOSSES IN RESPECT
OF ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY ACT, OMISSION, OR EVENT OCCURRING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, AND EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY WAIVES,
RELEASES, AND AGREES NOT TO SUE UPON ANY CLAIM FOR SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT ACCRUED AND WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN OR SUSPECTED TO EXIST
IN ITS FAVOR.

-70-

13. ASSIGNMENTS; SUCCESSORS.

13.1. Assignments.

(a) (i) Subject
to the conditions set forth in clause (a)(ii) below, any Lender may assign and delegate all or any portion of its rights and duties
under the Loan Documents (including the Obligations owed to it) to one or more assignees so long as such prospective assignee is an Eligible
Transferee (each, an "Assignee"), with the prior written consent (each such consent not be unreasonably withheld or delayed)
of:

(A) Borrower;
provided, that no consent of Borrower shall be required (1) if an Event of Default under Sections 8.1, 8.2(a)(i) (solely
with respect to Section 5.1), 8.2(a)(iii), 8.4 or 8.5 has occurred and is continuing or (2) in connection
with an assignment to a Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate (other than natural persons) of a Lender; provided further, that
Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to a proposed assignment unless it objects thereto by written notice to Agent within five (5) Business
Days after having received notice thereof; and

(B) Agent;
provided, that no such consent shall be required in connection with an assignment to a Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate
(other than natural persons) of a Lender.

(ii) Assignments
shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A) no
assignment may be made to a natural person,

(B) [reserved],

(C) the
amount of the Loans and the other rights and obligations of the assigning Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents subject
to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to Agent)
shall be in a minimum amount (unless waived by Agent) of $5,000,000 (except such minimum amount shall not apply to (I) an assignment
or delegation by any Lender to any other Lender, an Affiliate of any Lender, or a Related Fund of such Lender, or (II) a group of
new Lenders, each of which is an Affiliate of each other or a Related Fund of such new Lender to the extent that the aggregate amount
to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least $5,000,000),

(D) each
partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this
Agreement,

-71-

(E) the
parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to Agent an Assignment and Acceptance; provided, that Borrower and Agent may
continue to deal solely and directly with the assigning Lender in connection with the interest so assigned to an Assignee until written
notice of such assignment, together with payment instructions, addresses, and related information with respect to the Assignee, have been
given to Borrower and Agent by such Lender and the Assignee,

(F) [reserved],
and

(G) the
assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in a form approved by Agent (the "Administrative
Questionnaire") and all information and other documents required under the Patriot Act.

(b) From
and after the date that Agent receives the executed Assignment and Acceptance and, if applicable, payment of the required processing fee,
(i) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to
it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, shall be a "Lender" and shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender under
the Loan Documents, and (ii) the assigning Lender shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights (except with respect to Sections
10.3 and 16) and be released from any future obligations under this Agreement (and in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance
covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto and thereto); provided, that nothing contained herein shall release any assigning
Lender from obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement, including such assigning Lender's obligations under Section 15
and Section 17.9(a).

(c) By
executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender thereunder and the Assignee thereunder confirm to and agree
with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning
Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations
made in or in connection with this Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of
this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto, (ii) such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty
and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or the performance or observance by any Loan Party
of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto, (iii) such Assignee confirms
that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance, (iv) such Assignee will, independently and without
reliance upon Agent, such assigning Lender or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate
at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, (v) such Assignee appoints
and authorizes Agent to take such actions and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated
to Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, and (vi) such Assignee
agrees that it will perform all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.

-72-

(d) [Reserved].

(e) [reserved].

(f) In
connection with any such assignment or proposed assignment or any grant of a security interest in, or pledge of, its rights under and
interest in this Agreement, a Lender may, subject to the provisions of Section 17.9, disclose all documents and information
which it now or hereafter may have relating to any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses.

(g) Any
other provision in this Agreement notwithstanding, any Lender may at any time create a security interest in, or pledge, all or any portion
of its rights under and interest in this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge in favor of any Federal
Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Federal Reserve Bank or U.S. Treasury Regulation 31 CFR 203.24, and such Federal
Reserve Bank may enforce such pledge or security interest in any manner permitted under applicable law; provided, that no such
pledge shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a
party hereto.

(h) Agent
(with respect to Term Loans), as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of Borrower, shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, a register (collectively,
the "Register") on which it enters the name and address of each Lender as the registered owner of the applicable Loans
(and the principal amount thereof and stated interest thereon) held by such Lender. Other than in connection with an assignment by a Lender
of all or any portion of its portion of Loans to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender (i) a Loan (and the
registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale
on the Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide) and (ii) any assignment or sale of all or part of such Loan
(and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register,
together with the surrender of the registered note, if any, evidencing the same duly endorsed by (or accompanied by a written instrument
of assignment or sale duly executed by) the holder of such registered note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or
transferee(s), one or more new registered notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or
transferee(s). Prior to the registration of assignment or sale of any Loan (and the registered note, if any evidencing the same), Borrower
shall treat the Person in whose name such Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) is registered as the owner thereof
for the purpose of receiving all payments thereon and for all other purposes, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In the case of any
assignment by a Lender of all or any portion of its Loans to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender, and which assignment
is not recorded in the Register, the assigning Lender, on behalf of Borrower, shall maintain a register comparable to the Register.

(i) [reserved].

-73-

(j) Agent
shall make a copy of the Register available for review by Borrower from time to time as Borrower may reasonably request.

13.2. Successors.
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of each of the parties; provided, that
no Borrower may assign this Agreement or any rights or duties hereunder without the Lenders' prior written consent and any prohibited
assignment shall be absolutely void ab initio. No consent to assignment by the Lenders shall release Borrower from its Obligations. A
Lender may assign this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and its rights and duties hereunder and thereunder pursuant to Section 13.1
and, except as expressly required pursuant to Section 13.1, no consent or approval by Borrower is required in connection with
any such assignment.

14. AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS.

14.1. Amendments
and Waivers.

(a) No
amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document and no consent with respect to any
departure by Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders (or by Agent
at the written request of the Required Lenders) and the Loan Parties that are party thereto and then any such waiver or consent shall
be effective, but only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, that no such waiver, amendment,
or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all of the Lenders directly affected thereby and all of the Loan Parties that are party
thereto, do any of the following:

(i) increase
the amount of or extend the expiration date of any Commitment of any Lender,

(ii) postpone
or delay any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees, or other amounts due
hereunder or under any other Loan Document,

(iii) reduce
the principal of any loan or other extension of credit hereunder, or reduce any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other
Loan Document,

(iv) amend,
modify, or eliminate this Section or any provision of this Agreement providing for consent or other action by all Lenders,

(v) amend,
modify, or eliminate Section 3.1 or 3.2,

(vi) [reserved],

(vii) amend,
modify, or eliminate the definitions of "Required Lenders" or "Pro Rata Share",

(viii) other
than in connection with a merger, amalgamation, liquidation, dissolution or sale of such Person expressly permitted by the terms hereof
or the other Loan Documents, release the Borrower or any Guarantor from any obligation for the payment of money or consent to the assignment
or transfer by the Borrower or any Guarantor of any of its rights or duties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or

-74-

(ix) amend,
modify, or eliminate any of the provisions of Section 2.4(b) or the definition of Application Event, Section 13.1(a)(i)(A) or
(B), or this Section 14.1;

(b) No
amendment, waiver, modification, or consent shall amend, modify, waive, or eliminate,

(i) the
definition of, or any of the terms or provisions of, the Fee Letter, without the written consent of Agent and Borrower (and shall not
require the written consent of any of the Lenders),

(ii) permit
the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without the
written consent of each Lender, or

(iii) any
provision of Section 15 pertaining to Agent, or any other rights or duties of Agent under this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents, without the written consent of Agent, Borrower, and the Required Lenders;

(c) Anything
in this Section 14.1 to the contrary notwithstanding, any amendment, modification, elimination, waiver, consent, termination,
or release of, or with respect to, any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that relates only to the relationship of
the Lender Group among themselves, and that does not affect the rights or obligations of any Loan Party, shall not require consent by
or the agreement of any Loan Party, provided that the Lender Group shall provide a copy of any such amendment to the Agent.

14.2. Replacement
of Certain Lenders.

(a) If
(i) any action to be taken by the Lender Group or Agent hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all Lenders
or all Lenders affected thereby and if such action has received the consent, authorization, or agreement of the Required Lenders but not
of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby, or (ii) any Lender makes a claim for compensation under Section 16, then
Borrower, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior irrevocable notice, may permanently replace any Lender that failed to give its
consent, authorization, or agreement (a "Non-Consenting Lender") or any Lender that made a claim for compensation under
Section 16 (a "Tax Lender") with one or more replacement Lenders, and the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender,
as applicable, shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder; provided, however, that in the case of clause (a)(ii) above,
such replacement must have the effect of reducing or eliminating the compensation otherwise owing under Section 16. Such notice
to replace the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall
not be later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the date such notice is given. The replacement of such Non-Consenting Lender or Tax
Lender shall not be required if, prior thereto, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such replacement cease to apply.

-75-

(b) Prior
to the effective date of such replacement, the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, and each replacement Lender shall execute
and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, being repaid in full
its share of the outstanding Obligations (without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever, but including all interest, fees and
other amounts that may be due in payable in respect thereof). If the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall refuse
or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, Agent may, but shall
not be required to, execute and deliver such Assignment and Acceptance in the name or and on behalf of the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax
Lender, as applicable, and irrespective of whether Agent executes and delivers such Assignment and Acceptance, the Non-Consenting Lender
or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Non-Consenting
Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 13.1. Until such time as one or
more replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations and the other rights and obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender
or Tax Lender, as applicable, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall
remain obligated to make the Non-Consenting Lender's or Tax Lender's, as applicable, Pro Rata Share of Loans.

14.3. No
Waivers; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by Agent or any Lender to exercise any right, remedy, or option under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, or delay by Agent or any Lender in exercising the same, will operate as a waiver thereof. No waiver by Agent
or any Lender will be effective unless it is in writing, and then only to the extent specifically stated. No waiver by Agent or any Lender
on any occasion shall affect or diminish Agent's and each Lender's rights thereafter to require strict performance by Borrower of any
provision of this Agreement. Agent's and each Lender's rights under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will be cumulative and
not exclusive of any other right or remedy that Agent or any Lender may have.

15. AGENT; THE LENDER GROUP.

15.1. Appointment
and Authorization of Agent. Each Lender hereby designates and appoints U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as its administrative
agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes Agent to execute and deliver each
of the other Loan Documents on its behalf and to take such other action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each
other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to Agent by the terms of this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Agent agrees to act as agent for and on behalf
of the Lenders on the conditions contained in this Section 15. Any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement
or in any other Loan Document notwithstanding, the Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth
herein or in the other Loan Documents, nor shall Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied
covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document
or otherwise exist against Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term "agent" in this Agreement
or the other Loan Documents with reference to Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations
arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to
create or reflect only a representative relationship between independent contracting parties. Except as expressly otherwise provided in
this Agreement, Agent shall have and may use its sole discretion with respect to exercising or refraining from exercising any discretionary
rights or taking or refraining from taking any actions that Agent expressly is entitled to take or assert under or pursuant to this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, or of any other provision of the Loan Documents that provides
rights or powers to Agent, Lenders agree that Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise the following powers as
long as this Agreement remains in effect: (a) maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records
reflecting the status of the Obligations and related matters, (b) execute or file any and all financing or similar statements or
notices, amendments, renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written agreements with respect
to the Loan Documents, (c) make Loans, for itself or on behalf of Lenders, as provided in the Loan Documents, (d) [reserved],
(e) open and maintain such bank accounts and cash management arrangements as Agent deems necessary and appropriate in accordance
with the Loan Documents for the foregoing purposes and (f) perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and remedies of
the Lender Group with respect to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Obligations, or otherwise related to any of same as provided
in the Loan Documents.

-76-

15.2. Delegation
of Duties. Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or through agents, sub-agents,
employees or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Agent shall
not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney in fact that it selects as long as such selection was made
without gross negligence or willful misconduct. All rights, benefits and privileges (including the exculpatory and indemnification provisions)
of this Agreement shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the affiliates of any such sub-agent and shall apply to their respective activities
as sub-agent as if such sub-agent and affiliates were named herein.

15.3. Liability
of Agent. None of the Agent-Related Persons shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them
under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross
negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final court order of a court of competent jurisdiction), or (b) be responsible
in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates, or any officer or director thereof, contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report,
statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other
Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
or for any failure of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder
or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lenders to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or
performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the books
and records or properties of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. No Agent-Related Person shall have any liability to any Lender, and Loan
Party or any of their respective Affiliates if any request for a Loan or other extension of credit was not authorized by the Borrower.
Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or in the opinion of its counsel, may expose it to liability or that
is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law or regulation. In no event shall Agent be responsible for any failure or delay in the
performance of any act or obligation hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, force majeure events beyond its control,
including any provision of any law or regulation or any act of any governmental authority, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of
war, other military disturbances or terrorism, earthquakes, fire, flood, sabotage, epidemics, pandemics, riots, nuclear or natural catastrophes
or acts of God, labor disputes, acts of civil or military authority, or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Board wire systems and
interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communication facilities or computer (software and hardware) services (it being understood
that the Agent shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance
as soon as practicable under the circumstances).

-77-

15.4. Reliance
by Agent. Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution,
notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission, telex or telephone
message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent, or made by
the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to Borrower or counsel to any Lender),
independent accountants and other experts selected by Agent. Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless Agent shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Lenders as it deems
appropriate and until such instructions are received, Agent shall act, or refrain from acting, as it deems advisable. If Agent so requests,
it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it
by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from
acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders and such request
and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the Lenders; provided that Agent shall not
be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose Agent to liability or that is contrary to
any Loan Document, or applicable law. Documents delivered to Agent are for informational purposes only and the Agents receipt of
such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein,
including the Borrowers compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which Agent is entitled to rely exclusively on certificates
of a responsible officer of the Borrower). Agent shall have no obligation to verify the information or calculations set forth in this
Agreement or otherwise. Agent shall have no responsibility or liability for the filing, timeliness or content of any report required under
this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. Agent may conclusively rely on the applicable assignment agreement as to whether any Lender
or proposed Lender is an Eligible Transferee

-78-

15.5. Notice
of Default or Event of Default. Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event
of Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest, fees, and expenses required to be paid to Agent for
the account of the Lenders and, except with respect to Events of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge, unless Agent shall have
received written notice from a Lender or Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default, and stating
that such notice is a "notice of default." Agent promptly will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice or of any
Event of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge. If any Lender obtains actual knowledge of any Event of Default, such Lender promptly
shall notify the other Lenders and Agent of such Event of Default. Subject to Section 15.4, Agent shall take such action with
respect to such Default or Event of Default as may be requested by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9; provided,
that unless and until Agent has received any such request, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from
taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable.

15.6. Credit
Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that none of the Agent-Related Persons has made any representation or warranty to it, and that
no act by Agent hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, shall be
deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender. Each Lender represents to Agent that it
has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such due diligence, documents and information as it
has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and
other condition and creditworthiness of Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document, and all applicable bank regulatory laws
relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to Borrower.
Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents
and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking
or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform
itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of Borrower or any other
Person party to a Loan Document. Except for notices, reports, and other documents expressly herein required to be furnished to the Lenders
by Agent, Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business,
prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan
Document that may come into the possession of any of the Agent-Related Persons. Each Lender acknowledges Agent has no duty or responsibility,
either initially or on a continuing basis (except to the extent, if any, that is expressly specified herein) to provide such Lender with
any credit or other information with respect to the Borrower, its Affiliates or any of their respective business, legal, financial or
other affairs, and irrespective of whether such information came into Agent's or its Affiliates' or representatives' possession before
or after the date on which such Lender became a party to this Agreement.

-79-

15.7. Costs
and Expenses; Indemnification. Borrower shall pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the
Agent and the Lenders, including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for such Agent and such Lenders, incurred in connection
with the Loans, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers
of the provisions thereof and preservation, enforcement or protection of any rights or remedies. Agent may (but shall not be obligated
to) incur and pay expenses of the Lenders to the extent Agent reasonably deems necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment
of its functions, powers, and obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents, including court costs, attorneys' fees and expenses, fees and
expenses of financial accountants, advisors, consultants, and appraisers, costs of collection by outside collection agencies, and auctioneer
fees and expenses, whether or not Borrower is obligated to reimburse Agent or Lenders for such expenses pursuant to this Agreement or
otherwise. In the event Agent is not reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, each Lender hereby
agrees that it is and shall be obligated to pay to Agent such Lender's ratable share thereof. Whether or not the transactions contemplated
hereby are consummated, each of the Lenders, on a ratable basis, shall indemnify and defend the Agent-Related Persons (to the extent not
reimbursed by or on behalf of Borrower and without limiting the obligation of Borrower to do so) from and against any and all Indemnified
Liabilities; provided, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified
Liabilities resulting solely from such Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final court order of a court
of competent jurisdiction. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse Agent upon demand for such Lender's ratable
share of any costs or out of pocket expenses (including attorneys, accountants, advisors, and consultants fees and expenses) incurred
by Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment, or enforcement (whether through
negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement or any
other Loan Document to the extent that Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of Borrower. The undertaking in this
Section shall survive the payment of all Obligations hereunder and the resignation or replacement of Agent.

15.8. Agent
in Individual Capacity. U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from,
acquire Equity Interests in, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting, or other business with
any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any other Person party to any Loan Document as though U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association was not Agent hereunder, without notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender Group. The other members
of the Lender Group acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association or its Affiliates may
receive information regarding a Loan Party or its Affiliates or any other Person party to any Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality
obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such other Person and that prohibit the disclosure of such information to the Lenders, and
the Lenders acknowledge that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver of such confidentiality obligations, which waiver
Agent will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain), Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them.

15.9. Successor
Agent.Agent may resign as Agent upon 30 days (ten days if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) prior written notice
to the Lenders (unless such notice is waived by the Required Lenders) and Borrower (unless such notice is waived by Borrower or a Default
or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). If Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall be entitled to
appoint a successor Agent for the Lenders with the consent of, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower,
such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned. If Agent has materially breached or failed to perform any material
provision of this Agreement or of applicable law, the Required Lenders may agree in writing to remove and replace Agent with a successor
Agent from among the Term Loan Lenders with the consent of, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower, such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned. In any such event, upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor
Agent hereunder, such successor Agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers, and duties of the retiring Agent, and the term "Agent"
shall mean such successor Agent, and the retiring Agent's appointment, powers, and duties as Agent shall be terminated. After any retiring
Agent's resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Section 15 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken
or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. If no successor Agent has accepted appointment as Agent by the date
which is 30 days following a retiring Agent's notice of resignation, the retiring Agent's resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become
effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Lenders appoint a successor
Agent as provided for above.

-80-

15.10. Lender
in Individual Capacity. Any Lender and its respective Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from, acquire Equity Interests
in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting, or other business with any Loan Party and its
Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any other Person party to any Loan Documents as though such Lender were not a Lender hereunder without
notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender Group. The other members of the Lender Group acknowledge that, pursuant to such
activities, such Lender and its respective Affiliates may receive information regarding a Loan Party or its Affiliates or any other Person
party to any Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such other Person and that prohibit
the disclosure of such information to the Lenders, and the Lenders acknowledge that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver
of such confidentiality obligations, which waiver such Lender will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain), such Lender shall not be
under any obligation to provide such information to them.

15.11. Restrictions
on Actions by Lenders; Sharing of Payments.

(a) Each
of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, without the express written consent of Agent, and that it shall, to the extent it is lawfully
entitled to do so, upon the written request of Agent, set off against the Obligations, any amounts owing by such Lender to any Loan Party
or its Subsidiaries or any deposit accounts of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries now or hereafter maintained with such Lender.

(b) If,
at any time or times any Lender shall receive (i) by payment, foreclosure, setoff, or otherwise, any payments with respect to the
Obligations, except for any such proceeds or payments received by such Lender from Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, or (ii) payments
from Agent in excess of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of all such distributions by Agent, such Lender promptly shall (A) turn the
same over to Agent, in kind, and with such endorsements as may be required to negotiate the same to Agent, or in immediately available
funds, as applicable, for the account of all of the Lenders and for application to the Obligations in accordance with the applicable provisions
of this Agreement, or (B) purchase, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in the Obligations owed
to the other Lenders so that such excess payment received shall be applied ratably as among the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata
Shares; provided, that to the extent that such excess payment received by the purchasing party is thereafter recovered from it,
those purchases of participations shall be rescinded in whole or in part, as applicable, and the applicable portion of the purchase price
paid therefor shall be returned to such purchasing party, but without interest except to the extent that such purchasing party is required
to pay interest in connection with the recovery of the excess payment.

-81-

15.12. Payments
by Agent to the Lenders. All payments to be made by Agent to the Lenders shall be made by bank wire transfer of immediately available
funds pursuant to such wire transfer instructions as each party may designate for itself by written notice to Agent. Concurrently with
each such payment, Agent shall identify whether such payment (or any portion thereof) represents principal, premium, fees, or interest
of the Obligations.

15.13. Several
Obligations; No Liability. Notwithstanding that certain of the Loan Documents now or hereafter may have been or will be executed
only by or in favor of Agent in its capacity as such, and not by or in favor of the Lenders, any and all obligations on the part of Agent
(if any) to make any credit available hereunder shall constitute the several (and not joint) obligations of the respective Lenders on
a ratable basis (in accordance with their Pro Rata Share), according to their respective Commitments, to make an amount of such credit
not to exceed, in principal amount, at any one time outstanding, the amount of their respective Commitments. Nothing contained herein
shall confer upon any Lender any interest in, or subject any Lender to any liability for, or in respect of, the business, assets, profits,
losses, or liabilities of any other Lender. Except as provided in Section 15.7, no member of the Lender Group shall have any
liability for the acts of any other member of the Lender Group. No Lender shall be responsible to the Borrower or any other Person for
any failure by any other Lender to fulfill its obligations to make credit available hereunder, nor to advance for such Lender or on its
behalf, nor to take any other action on behalf of such Lender hereunder or in connection with the financing contemplated herein.

15.14. Erroneous
Payments.

(a) If
the Agent (x) notifies a Lender, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (any such Lender or other recipient (and
each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient) that the Agent has determined in its reasonable
discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice
from the Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted
to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender or other Payment Recipient
on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution
or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and (y) demands in writing the return of
such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof) (an Erroneous Payment Demand) (provided, that, without limiting any
other rights or remedies (whether at law or in equity), the Agent may not make any Erroneous Payment Demand unless such demand is made
within ten (10) Business Days of the date of receipt of such Erroneous Payment by the applicable Payment Recipient), such Erroneous
Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 15.14
and held in trust for the benefit of the Agent, and such Lender (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on
its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter (or such later date
as the Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion
thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to
the extent waived in writing by the Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof)
was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal
Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from
time to time in effect. A notice of the Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest
error.

-82-

(b) Without
limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (and each of their respective
successors and assigns), agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment
of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount
than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Agent
(or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice
of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender, or other such recipient,
otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case:

(i) it
acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed
to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the
case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and

(ii) such
Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any other recipient that receives
funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of
the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify the Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment
or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Agent pursuant to this clause (b).

For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver
a notice to the Agent pursuant to this clause (b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipients obligations pursuant to
clause (a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made.

(c) Each
Lender hereby authorizes the Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement,
or otherwise payable or distributable by the Agent to such Lender under this Agreement with respect to any payment of principal, interest,
fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a).

-83-

(d) The
parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment
(or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any
reason, the Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient
who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, to the rights and interests of such Lender) under the Loan Documents with respect to such
amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights) and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay,
discharge, or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Loan Parties; provided that this Section 15.14 shall not be interpreted
to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of
the Loan Parties relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous
Payment not been made by the Agent; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall
not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised
of funds received by the Agent from, or on behalf of (including through the exercise of remedies under any Loan Document), the Borrower
for the purpose of making a payment, prepayment, repayment on, or discharging or otherwise satisfying, the Obligations.

(e) To
the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives,
and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim
by the Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for
value or any similar doctrine.

Each partys obligations,
agreements and waivers under this Section 15.14 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Agent, any transfer of
rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction, or discharge
of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document.

16. WITHHOLDING TAXES.

16.1. Payments.
All payments made by or on account of any Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document will be made free and clear of, and without
deduction or withholding for, any Taxes, except as otherwise required by applicable law, and in the event any deduction or withholding
of Taxes is required, the applicable Loan Party shall make the requisite withholding, timely pay over to the applicable Governmental Authority
the withheld Tax in accordance with applicable law, and furnish to Agent as promptly as possible after the date the payment of any such
Tax is due pursuant to applicable law, certified copies of tax receipts or other applicable documentation evidencing such payment by the
Loan Parties. If such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Loan Parties shall be increased as necessary
so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable
under this Section), each Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been
made. Without duplication, the Loan Parties will timely pay any Other Taxes or reimburse Agent for such Other Taxes upon Agent's demand. 
Without duplication, the Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Indemnified Person (as defined in Section 10.3)
and other Recipient (collectively a "Tax Indemnitee") for the full amount of Indemnified Taxes arising in connection
with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on, or attributable to, amounts payable
under this Section 16) imposed on, or paid by, such Tax Indemnitee and all reasonable costs and expenses related thereto (including
fees and disbursements of attorneys and other tax professionals), as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought,
whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority (other than
Indemnified Taxes and additional amounts that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence
or willful misconduct of such Tax Indemnitee). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower
by a Tax Indemnitee (with a copy to the Agent), or by the Agent, on its own behalf or on behalf of a Tax Indemnitee, shall be conclusive
absent manifest error. The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 16 shall survive the termination of this Agreement,
the resignation and replacement of Agent, and the repayment of the Obligations.

-84-

16.2. Exemptions.

(a) Any
Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall
deliver to the Borrower and the Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, such properly completed
and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, as will permit such payments to be made without withholding
or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, shall deliver
such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent as will enable the Borrower
and the Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such
documentation set forth in Section 16.2(b)) shall not be required if in the Lender's reasonable judgment such completion,
execution or submission would subject such Lender or its Affiliates to any unreimbursed cost or expense or would prejudice the legal or
commercial position of such Lender or its Affiliates.

(b) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(i) any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and Agent on or before the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender
under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9
certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(ii) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and Agent (in such number of copies as shall
be requested by the recipient) on or before the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time
to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

-85-

(A) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "interest" article of such tax treaty and (y) with
respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an
exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "business profits" or "other income"
article of such tax treaty;

(B) executed
copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(C) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the IRC,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of the applicable Exhibit T-1 attached to this Agreement to the effect that
such Foreign Lender is not a "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, a "10 percent
shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the IRC, or a "controlled foreign corporation"
related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the IRC and that no payment under any Loan Document is effectively
connected with such Foreign Lender's conduct of a U.S. trade or business (a "U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate") and
(y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or

(D) to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, if such Foreign Lender is a partnership or a participating Lender),
executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E,
a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of the applicable Exhibit T-2 or Exhibit T-3
attached to this Agreement, IRS Form W-9, or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided
that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign
Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially
in the form of the applicable Exhibit T-4 attached to this Agreement on behalf of such direct and indirect partner(s);

(iii) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and Agent (in such number of copies as shall
be requested by the recipient) on or before the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time
to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or Agent), executed copies of any other documentation prescribed by applicable
law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary
documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower and Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required
to be made; and

(iv) if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were
to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or
times reasonably requested by the Borrower or Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of
the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and Agent
to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA
or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), "FATCA"
shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

-86-

(c) Each
Lender agrees that if any documentation it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update
such documentation or promptly notify the Borrower and Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

16.3. Reductions.

(a) If
a Lender is subject to an applicable withholding tax, Agent may withhold from any payment to such Lender an amount equivalent to the applicable
withholding tax. If the forms or other documentation required by Section 16.2(a) or 16.2(c) are not delivered
to Agent, then Agent may withhold from any payment to such Lender not providing such forms or other documentation an amount equivalent
to the applicable withholding tax.

(b) If
the IRS or any other Governmental Authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that Agent did not properly withhold
tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender due to a failure on the part of the Lender (because the appropriate form was
not delivered, was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify Agent of a change in circumstances which rendered the
exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason) such Lender shall indemnify and hold Agent harmless
for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by Agent, as tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, and including any taxes
imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to Agent under this Section 16, together with all costs and expenses (including
attorneys' fees and expenses). The obligation of the Lenders under this subsection shall survive the payment of all Obligations and the
resignation or replacement of Agent.

16.4. Refunds.
If Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes to which the Loan Parties
have paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 16, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
it shall pay over such refund to the Borrower on behalf of the Loan Parties (but only to the extent of payments made, or additional amounts
paid, by the Loan Parties under this Section 16 with respect to Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such a refund), net of all
out-of-pocket expenses of Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the applicable Governmental Authority
with respect to such a refund); provided, that the Loan Parties, upon the request of Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the
amount paid over to the Loan Parties (plus any penalties, interest or other charges, imposed by the applicable Governmental Authority,
other than such penalties, interest or other charges imposed as a result of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of Agent or Lender
hereunder as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction) to Agent or such Lender in the event Agent or such Lender is required
to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Section 16
shall not be construed to require Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information which it deems confidential)
to Loan Parties or any other Person or require Agent or any Lender to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 16.4,
the payment of which would place Agent or such Lender (or their Affiliates) in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Person
would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed
and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.

-87-

16.5. Administrative
Agent. Agent shall deliver to the Borrower on or prior to the date on which Agent first becomes an Agent hereunder, whichever
of the following is applicable, (A) if Agent is a U.S. Person, two copies of a properly completed and executed IRS Form W-9
certifying its exemption from U.S. federal backup withholding or (B) if Agent is not a U.S. Person, with respect to payments received
by Agent for its own account, an IRS Form W-8ECI and, with respect to payments received by Agent on behalf of a Lender, (x) an
IRS Form W-8IMY certifying that Agent is a U.S. branch and intends to be treated as a U.S. person for purposes of withholding under
Chapter 3 of the IRC pursuant to Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv) of the Treasury Regulations with respect to payments received by
it from Borrower, or (y) an IRS Form W-8IMY certifying that it is a qualified intermediary that has assumed withholding and
reporting obligations for purposes of Chapter 3 of the IRC and IRS Form 1099 reporting and backup withholding responsibility for
each Lender that it is acting on behalf of. If any documentation previously delivered to the Borrower by Agent pursuant to this Section 16.5
expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, Agent shall update such documentation or promptly notify the Borrower in writing
of its legal ineligibility to do so.

17. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

17.1. Effectiveness.
This Agreement shall be binding and deemed effective when executed by Borrower, Agent, and each Lender whose signature is provided for
on the signature pages hereof.

17.2. Section Headings.
Headings and numbers have been set forth herein for convenience only. Unless the contrary is compelled by the context, everything contained
in each Section applies equally to this entire Agreement.

17.3. Interpretation.
Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed against the Lender Group or the Borrower, whether under
any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Agreement has been reviewed by all parties and shall be construed and
interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to accomplish fairly the purposes and intentions of all parties
hereto.

17.4. Severability
of Provisions. Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this Agreement for the purpose
of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision.

17.5. [Reserved].

-88-

17.6. Debtor-Creditor
Relationship. The relationship between the Lenders and Agent, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, is solely
that of creditor and debtor. No member of the Lender Group has (or shall be deemed to have) any fiduciary relationship or duty to any
Loan Party arising out of or in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, and there is no agency or
joint venture relationship between the members of the Lender Group, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, by virtue
of any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein.

17.7. Counterparts;
Electronic Execution. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
but one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission
shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart
of this Agreement by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this
Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect
of this Agreement. Each party agrees that the electronic signatures, whether digital or encrypted, of the parties included in this Agreement
are intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as manual signatures. Electronic Signature means any electronic
sound, symbol, or process attached to or logically associated with a record and executed and adopted by a party with the intent to sign
such record, including facsimile or email electronic signatures pursuant to the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act (N.Y. State
Tech. 301-309) as amended from time to time or as provided under the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted by the State of New
York. The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document mutatis mutandis. The Borrower agrees to assume all risks arising out of the
use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Agent, including without limitation the risk of the Agent
acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

17.8. Revival
and Reinstatement of Obligations. If any member of the Lender Group repays, refunds, restores, or returns in whole or in part,
any payment or property previously paid or transferred to such member of the Lender Group in full or partial satisfaction of any Obligation
or on account of any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document, because the payment, transfer, or the incurrence of the
obligation so satisfied is asserted or declared to be void, voidable, or otherwise recoverable under any law relating to creditors' rights,
including provisions of the Bankruptcy Code relating to fraudulent transfers, preferences, or other voidable or recoverable obligations
or transfers (each, a "Voidable Transfer"), or because such member of the Lender Group elects to do so on the reasonable
advice of its counsel in connection with a claim that the payment, transfer, or incurrence is or may be a Voidable Transfer, then, as
to any such Voidable Transfer, or the amount thereof that such member of the Lender Group elects to repay, restore, or return (including
pursuant to a settlement of any claim in respect thereof), and as to all reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys' fees of such member
of the Lender Group related thereto, the liability of the Loan Parties with respect to the amount or property paid, refunded, restored,
or returned will automatically and immediately be revived, reinstated, and restored and will exist. If, prior to any of the foregoing,
any provision of this Agreement shall have been terminated or cancelled, such provision shall be reinstated in full force and effect and
such prior release, termination, cancellation or surrender shall not diminish, release, discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligation
of any Loan Party in respect of such liability. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment in full
of the Obligations.

-89-

17.9. Confidentiality.

(a) Agent
and Lenders each individually (and not jointly or jointly and severally) agree that material non-public information regarding the Loan
Parties and their Subsidiaries, their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans ("Confidential Information")
shall be treated by Agent and the Lenders in a confidential manner, and shall not be disclosed by Agent and the Lenders to Persons who
are not parties to this Agreement, except: (i) to attorneys for and other advisors, accountants, auditors, and consultants to any
member of the Lender Group and to employees, directors and officers of any member of the Lender Group (the Persons in this clause (i),
"Lender Group Representatives") on a "need to know" basis in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and on a confidential basis, (ii) to Subsidiaries and Affiliates of any member of the Lender Group; provided,
that any such Subsidiary or Affiliate shall have agreed to receive such information hereunder subject to the terms of this Section 17.9,
(iii) as may be required by regulatory authorities and, if practicable to do so and to the extent permitted, such disclosing party
will inform such authorities of the confidential nature of such information, (iv) as may be required by statute, decision, or judicial
or administrative order, rule, or regulation; provided, that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (iv), the disclosing
party agrees to provide Borrower with prior notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing
party is permitted to provide such prior notice to Borrower pursuant to the terms of the applicable statute, decision, or judicial or
administrative order, rule, or regulation and (y) any disclosure under this clause (iv) shall be limited to the portion of the
Confidential Information as may be required by such statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation, (v) as
may be agreed to in advance in writing by Borrower, (vi) as requested or required by any Governmental Authority pursuant to any subpoena
or other legal process; provided, that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (vi) the disclosing party agrees
to provide Borrower with prior written notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing
party is permitted to provide such prior written notice to Borrower pursuant to the terms of the subpoena or other legal process and (y) any
disclosure under this clause (vi) shall be limited to the portion of the Confidential Information as may be required by such Governmental
Authority pursuant to such subpoena or other legal process, (vii) as to any such information that is or becomes generally available
to the public (other than as a result of prohibited disclosure by Agent or the Lenders or the Lender Group Representatives), (viii) in
connection with any assignment, participation or pledge of any Lender's interest under this Agreement; provided, that prior to
receipt of Confidential Information any such assignee, participant, or pledgee shall have agreed in writing to receive such Confidential
Information either subject to the terms of this Section 17.9 or pursuant to confidentiality requirements substantially similar
to those contained in this Section 17.9 (and such Person may disclose such Confidential Information to Persons employed or
engaged by them as described in clause (i) above), (ix) in connection with any litigation or other adversary proceeding involving
parties hereto which such litigation or adversary proceeding involves claims related to the rights or duties of such parties under this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents; provided, that prior to any disclosure to any Person (other than any Loan Party, Agent,
any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel) under this clause (ix) with respect to litigation involving
any Person (other than the Borrower, Agent, any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel), the disclosing
party agrees to provide Borrower with prior written notice thereof, and (x) in connection with, and to the extent reasonably necessary
for, the exercise of any secured creditor remedy under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document.

-90-

(b) Anything
in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, Agent may disclose information concerning the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents to loan syndication and pricing reporting services or in its marketing or promotional materials, with such
information to consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications or marketing or promotional materials
and may otherwise use the name, logos, and other insignia of the Borrower or the other Loan Parties and the Commitments provided hereunder
in any "tombstone" or other advertisements, on its website or in other marketing materials of Agent.

(c) Each
Loan Party agrees that Agent may make materials or information provided by or on behalf of Borrower hereunder (collectively, "Borrower
Materials") available to the Lenders. Agent does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Borrower Materials, and expressly
disclaim liability for errors or omissions in any communications of the same. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory,
including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses
or other code defects, is made by Agent in connection with the Borrower Materials. In no event shall Agent or any of the Agent-Related
Persons have any liability to the Loan Parties, any Lender or any other person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect,
special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party's
or Agent's transmission of communications through the Internet, except to the extent the liability of such person is found in a final
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such person's gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Each Loan Party further agrees that certain of the Lenders may be "public-side" Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive
material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities. The Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized
Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders to treat Borrower Materials marked "PUBLIC" or otherwise at any time filed with the
SEC or applicable securities regulators in Canada as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties
or their securities for purposes of United States federal and state or Canadian securities laws. Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders
shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked "PUBLIC" or that are not at any time filed with the SEC
as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the platform not marked as "Public Investor" (or such other similar term).

17.10. Survival.
All representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered
in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other
parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation
made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default
or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force
and effect as long as the principal of, or any accrued interest on, any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement
is outstanding or unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or been terminated.

-91-

17.11. Patriot
Act; Due Diligence. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act and Canadian AML Laws hereby notifies the
Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act and Canadian AML Laws, it is required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow
such Lender to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. In addition, Agent and each Lender shall have the right to
periodically conduct due diligence on all Loan Parties, their senior management and key principals and legal and beneficial owners. Each
Loan Party agrees to cooperate in respect of the conduct of such due diligence. If (a) the introduction of or any change in (or in
the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or regulation made after the date of this Agreement; (b) any change
in the status of a UK Loan Party after the date of this Agreement; or (c) any law, regulation, applicable market guidance or internal
policy in relation to the period review and/or updating of customer information obliges the Agent or any other member of the Lender Group
to comply with "know your customer" or similar identification procedures in circumstances where the necessary information is
not already available to it, each UK Loan Party shall promptly upon the request of the Agent or other member of the Lender Group supply,
or procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by the Agent or other member of the Lender
Group in order for the Agent or other member of the Lender Group to carry out and be satisfied it has complied with all necessary "know
your customer" or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the transactions contemplated in the
Loan Documents.

17.12. Integration.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof.

17.13. UK
Loan Party Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement (including the Guaranty) or in any
other Loan Document, it is acknowledged and agreed that no obligations and/or liabilities of any UK Loan Party under or in connection
with any Loan Document (including any Guarantied Obligations or Lien granted by a UK Loan Party) the (UK Loan Party Obligations)
will extend to include any obligation or liability to the extent that doing so would result in it constituting unlawful financial assistance
in any relevant jurisdiction (including within the meaning of sections 678 or 679 of the Companies Act 2006) as applicable to UK Loan
Parties.

-92-

18. GUARANTY.

18.1 In
recognition of the direct and indirect benefits to be received by Guarantors from the proceeds of the Loans and by virtue of the financial
accommodations to be made to Borrower, each of the Guarantors, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees
as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety the full and prompt payment when due, whether upon maturity, acceleration, or otherwise,
of all of the Guarantied Obligations. If any or all of the Obligations constituting Guarantied Obligations become due and payable, each
of the Guarantors, unconditionally and irrevocably, and without the need for demand, protest, or any other notice or formality, promises
to pay such indebtedness to Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Group, together with any and all expenses that may be incurred by Agent
or any other member of the Lender Group in demanding, enforcing, or collecting any of the Guarantied Obligations. If claim is ever made
upon Agent or any other member of the Lender Group for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received in payment of or on account
of any or all of the Guarantied Obligations and any of Agent or any other member of the Lender Group repays all or part of said amount
by reason of (i) any judgment, decree, or order of any court or administrative body having jurisdiction over such payee or any of
its property, or (ii) any settlement or compromise of any such claim effected by such payee with any such claimant (including Borrower
or any Guarantor), then and in each such event, each of the Guarantors agrees that any such judgment, decree, order, settlement, or compromise
shall be binding upon the Guarantors, notwithstanding any revocation (or purported revocation) of this Guaranty or other instrument evidencing
any liability of any Guarantor, and the Guarantors shall be and remain liable to the aforesaid payees hereunder for the amount so repaid
or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never originally been received by any such payee.

18.2 Each
of the Guarantors unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the payment of any and all of the Guarantied Obligations to Agent, for the
benefit of the Lender Group, whether or not due or payable by any Loan Party upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 8.4
or 8.5 of the Credit Agreement, and irrevocably and unconditionally promises to pay such indebtedness to Agent, for the benefit
of the Lender Group, without the requirement of demand, protest, or any other notice or other formality, in lawful money of the United
States.

18.3 The
liability of each of the Guarantors hereunder is primary, absolute, and unconditional, and is independent of any security for or other
guaranty of the Guarantied Obligations, whether executed by any other Guarantor or by any other Person, and the liability of each of the
Guarantors hereunder shall not be affected or impaired by (i) any payment on, or in reduction of, any such other guaranty or undertaking
(other than payment in full of the Guarantied Obligations), (ii) any dissolution, termination, or increase, decrease, or change in
personnel by any Guarantor, (iii) any payment made to Agent or any other member of the Lender Group on account of the Obligations
which Agent or such other member of the Lender Group repays to any Guarantor pursuant to court order in any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, moratorium or other debtor relief proceeding (or any settlement or compromise of any claim made in such a proceeding relating
to such payment), and each of the Guarantors waives any right to the deferral or modification of its obligations hereunder by reason of
any such proceeding, (iv) any action or inaction by Agent or any other member of the Lender Group or (v) any invalidity, irregularity,
avoidability, or unenforceability of all or any part of the Obligations or of any security therefor, other than, in each case, payment
in full of the Obligations.

-93-

18.4 This
Guaranty includes all present and future Guarantied Obligations including any under transactions continuing, compromising, extending,
increasing, modifying, releasing, or renewing the Guarantied Obligations, changing the interest rate, payment terms, or other terms and
conditions thereof, or creating new or additional Guarantied Obligations after prior Guarantied Obligations have been satisfied in whole
or in part. To the maximum extent permitted by law, each Guarantor hereby waives any right to revoke this Guaranty as to future Guarantied
Obligations. If such a revocation is effective notwithstanding the foregoing waiver, each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that (i) no
such revocation shall be effective until written notice thereof has been received by Agent, (ii) no such revocation shall apply to
any Guarantied Obligations in existence on the date of receipt by Agent of such written notice (including any subsequent continuation,
extension, or renewal thereof, or change in the interest rate, payment terms, or other terms and conditions thereof), (iii) no such
revocation shall apply to any Guarantied Obligations made or created after such date to the extent made or created pursuant to a legally
binding commitment of any member of the Lender Group in existence on the date of such revocation, (iv) no payment by any Guarantor,
the Borrower, or from any other source, prior to the date of Agent's receipt of written notice of such revocation shall reduce the maximum
obligation of such Guarantor hereunder, and (v) any payment by the Borrower or from any source other than such Guarantor subsequent
to the date of such revocation shall first be applied to that portion of the Guarantied Obligations as to which the revocation is effective
and which are not, therefore, guaranteed hereunder, and to the extent so applied shall not reduce the maximum obligation of such Guarantor
hereunder. This Guaranty shall be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Group) and its successors or permitted assigns.

18.5 The
guaranty by each of the Guarantors hereunder is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. The obligations of each of the Guarantors
hereunder are independent of the obligations of any other Guarantor or any other Person and a separate action or actions may be brought
and prosecuted against one or more of the Guarantors whether or not an action is brought against any other Guarantor or any other Person
and whether or not any other Guarantor or any other Person be joined in any such action or actions. Each of the Guarantors waives, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting its liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof.
Any payment by any Guarantor or other circumstance which operates to toll any statute of limitations as to any Guarantor shall operate
to toll the statute of limitations as to each of the Guarantors.

18.6 Each
of the Guarantors authorizes Agent and the other members of the Lender Group without notice or demand (other than any notice expressly
required to be provided hereunder or under any other Loan Document and in each case in accordance with any applicable terms and conditions
hereof or any other applicable Loan Document), and without affecting or impairing its liability hereunder, from time to time to:

(a) change
the manner, place, or terms of payment of, or change or extend the time of payment of, renew, increase, accelerate, or alter: (A) any
of the Obligations (including any increase or decrease in the principal amount thereof or the rate of interest or fees thereon), or (B) any
security therefor or any liability incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof, and this Guaranty shall apply to the Obligations
as so changed, extended, renewed, or altered;

(b) [reserved];

(c) exercise
or refrain from exercising any rights against any Guarantor;

-94-

(d) release
or substitute any one or more endorsers, guarantors, any Guarantor, or other obligors;

(e) settle
or compromise any of the Obligations, any security therefor, or any liability (including any of those of any of the Guarantors under this
Guaranty) incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and may subordinate the payment of all or any part thereof to
the payment of any liability (whether due or not) of any Guarantor to its creditors;

(f) apply
any sums by whomever paid or however realized to any liability or liabilities of any Guarantor to Agent or any other member of the Lender
Group regardless of what liability or liabilities of such Guarantor remain unpaid;

(g) consent
to or waive any breach of, or any act, omission, or default under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the instruments or
agreements referred to herein or therein, or otherwise amend, modify, or supplement this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any of
such other instruments or agreements; or

(h) take
any other action that could, under otherwise applicable principles of law, give rise to a legal or equitable discharge of one or more
of the Guarantors from all or part of its liabilities under this Guaranty (other than a defense of payment in full of the Guarantied Obligations).

18.7 It
is not necessary for Agent or any other member of the Lender Group to inquire into the capacity or powers of any of the Guarantors or
the officers, directors, partners or agents acting or purporting to act on their behalf, and any Obligations made or created in reliance
upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed hereunder.

18.8 Each
Guarantor jointly and severally guarantees that the Guarantied Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan
Documents, regardless of any law, regulation, or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the
rights of any member of the Lender Group with respect thereto. The obligations of each Guarantor under this Guaranty are independent of
the Guarantied Obligations, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce such obligations,
irrespective of whether any action is brought against any other Guarantor or whether any other Guarantor is joined in any such action
or actions. The liability of each Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any defense it may now or hereafter have in any way relating
to, any or all of the following:

(a) any
lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto;

(b) any
change in the time, manner, or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Guarantied Obligations, or any other amendment
or waiver of or any consent to departure from any Loan Document, including any increase in the Guarantied Obligations resulting from the
extension of additional credit;

-95-

(c) any
taking, release, amendment, waiver, supplement, restatements, extension, novation, renewal, replacements, or continuation of, or consent
to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guarantied Obligations;

(d) the
existence of any claim, set-off, defense (other than the defense that the Guarantied Obligations have been paid in full), or other right
that any Guarantor may have at any time against any Person, including Agent or any other member of the Lender Group;

(e) any
defense, set-off, counterclaim, or claim, of any kind or nature, arising directly or indirectly from the present or future lack of perfection,
sufficiency, validity, or enforceability of the Guarantied Obligations or any security therefor;

(f) any
right or defense arising by reason of any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by any member of the Lender Group including
any defense based upon an impairment or elimination of such Guarantor's rights of subrogation, reimbursement, contribution, or indemnity
of such Guarantor against any Guarantor or any other guarantors or sureties;

(g) any
change, restructuring, or termination of the corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other relevant structure or existence
of any Guarantor; or

(h) any
other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Guarantor or any other guarantor or
surety.

18.9. Waivers.

(a) Each
of the Guarantors waives any right (except as shall be required by applicable law and cannot be waived) to require Agent or any other
member of the Lender Group to (A) proceed against any other Guarantor or any other Person, (B) proceed against or exhaust any
security held from any other Guarantor or any other Person, or (C) [reserved], or (D) pursue any other remedy in any member
of the Lender Group's power whatsoever. Each of the Guarantors waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Guarantor
or any other Person, other than payment of the Guarantied Obligations to the extent of such payment, based on or arising out of the disability
of any Guarantor or any other Person, or the validity, legality, or unenforceability of the Obligations or any part thereof from any cause,
or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Guarantor other than payment of the Obligations to the extent of such payment.

(b) To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Guarantors waives all presentments, demands for performance, protests and
notices, including notices of nonperformance, notices of protest, notices of dishonor, notices of acceptance of this Guaranty, and notices
of the existence, creation, or incurring of new or additional Obligations or other financial accommodations. Each of the Guarantors waives
notice of any Default or Event of Default under any of the Loan Documents. Each of the Guarantors assumes all responsibility for being
and keeping itself informed of each Guarantors financial condition and assets and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk
of nonpayment of the Obligations and the nature, scope, and extent of the risks which each of the Guarantors assumes and incurs hereunder,
and agrees that neither Agent nor any of the other members of the Lender Group shall have any duty to advise any of the Guarantors of
information known to them regarding such circumstances or risks.

-96-

(c) To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor hereby waives: (A) any right to assert against Agent or any member
of the Lender Group, any defense (legal or equitable) (other than the defense that all of the Guarantied Obligations have been paid in
full), set-off, counterclaim, or claim which each Guarantor may now or at any time hereafter have against Borrower or any other party
liable to Agent or any member of the Lender Group, (B) any defense, set-off, counterclaim, or claim, of any kind or nature, arising
directly or indirectly from the present or future lack of perfection, sufficiency, validity, or enforceability of the Guarantied Obligations
or any security therefor, (C) any right or defense arising by reason of any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by
Agent or any member of the Lender Group including any defense based upon an impairment or elimination of such Guarantor's rights of subrogation,
reimbursement, contribution, or indemnity of such Guarantor against Borrower or other guarantors or sureties, and (D) the benefit
of any statute of limitations affecting such Guarantor's liability hereunder or the enforcement thereof, and any act which shall defer
or delay the operation of any statute of limitations applicable to the Guarantied Obligations shall similarly operate to defer or delay
the operation of such statute of limitations applicable to such Guarantor's liability hereunder.

(d) No
Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Guarantor or any other guarantor that arise from the
existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor's obligations under this Guaranty, including any right of subrogation,
reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of Agent or any other
member of the Lender Group against any Guarantor or any other guarantor, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or
under contract, statute or common law, including the right to take or receive from any Guarantor or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly,
in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right,
unless and until all of the Guarantied Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full in cash.
If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence, such amount shall be held in trust for
the benefit of Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Group, and shall forthwith be paid to Agent to be credited and applied to the Guarantied
Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Guaranty, no Guarantor may exercise any rights of subrogation, contribution,
indemnity, reimbursement or other similar rights against, and may not proceed or seek recourse against or with respect to any property
or asset of, any other Guarantor (the "Foreclosed Guarantor"), including after payment in full of the Obligations, if
all or any portion of the Obligations have been satisfied in connection with an exercise of remedies in respect of the Equity Interests
of such Foreclosed Guarantor whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise.

19. SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT.

This Agreement and the rights
and obligations evidenced hereby are subordinate in the manner and to the extent set forth in the Subordination Agreement, to the Senior
Credit Agreement Obligations and to any Indebtedness refinancing Senior Credit Agreement Obligations; and each Lender, by its acceptance
hereof, irrevocably agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Subordination Agreement

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank;
Signature Pages Follow.]

-97-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

BORROWER:

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP., a

Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

GUARANTORS: 

[ ]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Subordinated Credit Agreement

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Subordinated Credit Agreement

[LENDER],
as Lender

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Subordinated Credit Agreement

EXHIBIT B

Consent Under Subordination and Intercreditor
Agreement

(see attached)

CONSENT UNDER

SUBORDINATION AND INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT

THIS CONSENT UNDER SUBORDINATION
AND INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT (this "Consent") is entered into as of March 3, 2025 by and among U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Subordinated Agent for the Subordinated Lenders party to the Subordinated Credit Agreement, each Subordinated
Lender party hereto, COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP., a Delaware corporation ("Comtech"; Comtech and each other Person
party to the Senior Credit Agreement as a "Borrower" are collectively the "Borrowers" and individually a "Borrower"),
each other Person party hereto that is a "Guarantor" under the Senior Debt Documents (collectively, "Guarantors"
and each a "Guarantor"; Borrowers, Guarantors and each other Person party to the Senior Debt Documents as a "Loan
Party" or that is party to the Subordinated Debt Documents as a guarantor or obligor are collectively the "Companies"
and individually a "Company"), and TCW ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC, as Agent for all Senior Lenders party to the Senior
Credit Agreement described below and all Bank Product Providers.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Subordinated Agent,
Subordinated Lenders, Agent and Companies are parties to that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement dated as of October 17,
2024 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Subordination Agreement"; capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Subordination Agreement);

WHEREAS, on the date hereof,
Borrowers, Agent and Senior Lenders are entering into a certain Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement (the "Senior
Credit Agreement Amendment"); and

WHEREAS, on the date hereof,
Borrowers, the other Companies party thereto, Subordinated Agent and Subordinated Lenders are entering into a certain Waiver and Amendment
No. 1 to Subordinated Credit Agreement (the "Subordinated Credit Agreement Amendment") pursuant to which, amount
other things, the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Debt is being increased on the date hereof by $40,000,000.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Consent.
Notwithstanding anything in the Subordination Agreement to the contrary, (a) each Subordinated Agent and each Subordinated Lender
hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Senior Credit Agreement Amendment and consents to the terms thereof and (b) Agent and
each Senior Lender hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Subordinated Credit Agreement Amendment and consents to the terms thereof.

2. References.
Any references to the Subordination Agreement in any document, agreement or instrument executed in connection with the Senior Credit
Agreement or the Subordinated Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be a reference to the Subordination Agreement, as modified by this
Consent.

3. Counterparts.
This Consent may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts and
each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same
Consent. Receipt by telecopy of any executed signature page to this Amendment shall constitute effective delivery of such
signature page. This Consent to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine or other electronic transmission
(including "pdf"), shall be treated in all manner and respects and for all purposes as an original agreement and shall be
considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. No party
hereto shall raise the use of a facsimile machine or other electronic transmission to deliver a signature or the fact that any
signature or agreement or amendment was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or other electronic
transmission as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense.

4. Effect.
The terms and provisions set forth in this Consent shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms and provisions of the
Subordination Agreement and shall not be deemed to be a consent to the modification or waiver of any other term or condition of the
Subordination Agreement. Except as expressly modified and superseded by this Consent, the terms and provisions of the Subordination
Agreement are ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect.

5. APPLICABLE
LAW. THIS CONSENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES.

[signature pages follow]

-2-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Consent to be duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on the date first written
above.

SUBORDINATED AGENT:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as a Subordinated Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

SUBORDINATED LENDERS:

MAGNETAR ALPHA STAR FUND LLC,
as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: 

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR LAKE CREDIT FUND LLC,

as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: 

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR LONGHORN FUND LP,

as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment
manager

By: 

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR CAPITAL FUND II LP,

as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment
manager

By: 

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

MAGNETAR STRUCTURED CREDIT FUND,
LP,

as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its general
partner

By: 

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

PURPOSE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT FUND
- F LLC,

as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment
manager

By: 

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

PURPOSE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT FUND
- T LLC,

as Lender

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: 

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

WHITE HAT STRATEGIC PARTNERS
II LP

By: White Hat SP GP II LLC, its General
Partner

By: 

Name: Mark Quinlan

Title: Managing Member

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

AGENT:

TCW ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC,
as Agent 

By 

Title 

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

COMPANIES:

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.,
a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH SATELLITE
NETWORK TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SOLACOM TECHNOLOGIES
(US), INC., a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NG-911, INC.,
an Iowa corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TELECOMMUNICATIONS
SYSTEMS, INC., a Maryland corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

COMTECH SYSTEMS INC., a Delaware
corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MICRODATA, LLC, a Maryland
limited liability company

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NEXTGEN COMMUNICATIONS INC.,
a Maryland corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NEXTGEN COMMUNICATIONS INC.,
a Virginia corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH NEXTGEN LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

COMTECH MOBILE DATACOM LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH TACTICAL EUROPE LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MICRODATA GIS, INC., a
Vermont corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MAPLE ACQUISITION LLC, a Maryland
limited liability company

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

OLIVE ACQUISITION LLC, a Maryland
limited liability company 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

ANGELS ACQUISITION CORP., a
Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH AEROASTRO, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH ANTENNA SYSTEMS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION,
a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH COMSTREAM, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

COMTECH TOLT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TIERNAN RADYNE COMSTREAM, INC.,
a Delaware corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NETWORKS IN MOTION, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SOLVERN INNOVATIONS, INC.,
a Maryland corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH SATELLITE NETWORK TECHNOLOGIES
CORP., a Canadian federal corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement

COMTECH SOLACOM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
a Canadian federal corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH UK HOLDINGS LIMITED,
a United Kingdom Limited Corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CGC TECHNOLOGY LIMITED, a United
Kingdom Limited Corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Consent
Under Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SUBSCRIPTION AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

BY AND AMONG

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

AND

THE ENTITIES LISTED ON EXHIBIT B HERETO

Dated as of March 3, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I.
SUBSCRIPTION AND EXCHANGE OF SHARES 3

Section 1.1 Subscription and Exchange 3

Section 1.2 Closing 3

Section 1.3 Closing Deliverables 3

ARTICLE II.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 4

Section 2.1 Organization and Power 4

Section 2.2 Authorization, Etc. 5

Section 2.3 Government Approvals 5

Section 2.4 Authorized and Outstanding Stock 6

Section 2.5 Subsidiaries 7

Section 2.6 Private Placement 7

Section 2.7 SEC Documents; Financial Information 8

Section 2.8 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 8

Section 2.9 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 8

Section 2.10 Litigation 9

Section 2.11 Compliance with Laws; Permits 9

Section 2.12 Taxes 9

Section 2.13 Employee and Labor Matters 9

Section 2.14 Environmental Matters 10

Section 2.15 Registration Rights 10

Section 2.16 Investment Company Act 10

Section 2.17 Nasdaq 10

Section 2.18 Properties 11

Section 2.19 Privacy and Data Security 11

Section 2.20 Insurance 12

Section 2.21 [Reserved] 12

Section 2.22 No Brokers or Finders 12

Section 2.23 Illegal Payments; FCPA Violations 12

Section 2.24 Economic Sanctions 12

Section 2.25 No Integrated Offering 13

Section 2.26 Shell Company Status 13

Section 2.27 Accounting 13

Section 2.28 No Additional Representations 13

Section 2.29 No Reliance on Investor Representations 13

Section 2.30 Holding Period 13

i

ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE INVESTORS 14

Section 3.1 Organization and Power 14

Section 3.2 Authorization, Etc. 14

Section 3.3 Government Approvals 15

Section 3.4 Title 15

Section 3.5 Investment Representations 15

Section 3.6 No Brokers or Finders 16

Section 3.7 No Covered Transaction 16

Section 3.8 No Additional Representations 16

Section 3.9 No Reliance 16

ARTICLE IV.
COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES 17

Section 4.1 Board of Directors 17

Section 4.2 Public Announcement 17

Section 4.3 Restrictions on Transfer 17

Section 4.4 Restrictive Legends 18

Section 4.5 Access to Information 19

Section 4.6 Financial Statements and Other Information 19

Section 4.7 Standstill 20

Section 4.8 Information; Confidentiality 22

Section 4.9 Warrants 24

Section 4.10 Elimination of Series B-2 Preferred Stock Certificate
of Designations 24

Section 4.11 Termination of Prior Voting Agreement 24

Section 4.12 Efforts to Consummate 24

ARTICLE V.
Conditions to closing 25

Section 5.1 Conditions to the Obligations of the Company and the
Investors 25

Section 5.2 Conditions to the Obligations of the Company to Effect
the Closing 25

Section 5.3 Conditions to the Obligations of the Investors to Effect
the Closing 25

ARTICLE VI.
MISCELLANEOUS 25

Section 6.1 Survival 25

Section 6.2 Counterparts 26

Section 6.3 Governing Law 26

Section 6.4 Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiary; Reclassification 27

Section 6.5 Expenses 27

Section 6.6 Notices 27

Section 6.7 Successors and Assigns 28

Section 6.8 Headings 28

Section 6.9 Amendments and Waivers 29

Section 6.10 Interpretation; Absence of Presumption 29

Section 6.11 Severability 29

Section 6.12 Specific Performance 29

Section 6.13 Corporate Opportunities 30

Section 6.14 Public Announcement 30

Section 6.15 Indemnification 31

ii

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Defined Terms A-1

Exhibit B Investors B-1

Exhibit C Form of Certificate of Designations C-1

Exhibit D Form of Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement D-1

Exhibit E Disclosure Schedule E-1

Exhibit F Form of Warrant F-1

Exhibit G Form of Voting Agreement G-1

iii

SUBSCRIPTION AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This SUBSCRIPTION AND EXCHANGE
AGREEMENT dated as of March 3, 2025 (this Agreement), is by and among Comtech Telecommunications Corp., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and the entities that are listed on Exhibit B attached hereto (each, an Investor
and collectively, the Investors). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings assigned to them
in Exhibit A attached hereto.

WHEREAS, the Company and
certain of the Investors previously entered into that certain Subscription Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021, pursuant to
which, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, the Company issued and sold to certain of the Investors, and certain
of the Investors purchased from the Company, 100,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

WHEREAS, the Company and
certain of the Investors previously entered into that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2023, pursuant to which
certain Investors exchanged all Series A Preferred Stock owned by such Investors for an equal number of shares of Series A-1
Preferred Stock;

WHEREAS, the Company and
the Investors previously entered into that certain Subscription and Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2024, pursuant to
which certain Investors, as applicable, (i) purchased 45,000 shares (the Purchased Series B Shares) of
Series B Preferred Stock, (ii) exchanged all Series A-1 Preferred Stock owned by such Investors for 115,721.22 shares
(the Exchanged Series B Shares) of Series B Preferred Stock and (iii) received 5,400 shares (the
Additional Series B Shares) of Series B Preferred Stock;

WHEREAS, the Company and
the Investors previously entered into that certain Subscription and Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2024, pursuant to which
certain Investors, as applicable, (i) exchanged the Purchased Series B Shares owned by such Investors for 45,000 shares (the
Purchased Series B-1 Shares) of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, (ii) exchanged the Exchanged Series B
Shares owned by such Investors for 115,721.22 shares (the Exchanged Series B-1 Shares) of Series B-1 Preferred
Stock, (iii) exchanged the Additional Series B Shares for 5,400 shares (the Exchanged Additional Series B-1
Shares) of Series B-1 Preferred Stock and (iv) received 5,705.83 shares (the Additional Series B-1
Shares) of Series B-1 Preferred Stock;

WHEREAS, the Company and
the Investors previously entered into that certain Subscription and Exchange Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2024 (the Subscription
and Exchange Agreement), pursuant to which certain Investors, as applicable, (i) exchanged the Purchased Series B-1
Shares owned by such Investors for 45,000 shares (the Purchased Series B-2 Shares) of Series B-2 Preferred
Stock, (ii) exchanged the Exchanged Series B-1 Shares owned by such Investors for 115,721.22 shares (the Exchanged
Series B-2 Shares) of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, (iii) exchanged the Exchanged Additional Series B-1
Shares owned by such Investors for 5,400 shares (the Exchanged January 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares)
of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, (iv) exchanged the Additional Series B-1 Shares owned by such Investors for 5,705.83 shares
(the Exchanged June 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares) of Series B-2 Preferred Stock and (v) received
3,436.53 shares (the Additional October 2024 Series B-2 Shares) of Series B-2 Preferred Stock (the
Purchased Series B-2 Shares, Exchanged Series B-2 Shares, Exchanged January 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares, Exchanged
July 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares and Additional October 2024 Series B-2 Shares, collectively, the Exchanged
Shares);

1

WHEREAS,
the Company has authorized a new series of its preferred stock titled the Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock,
par value $0.10 per share (the Series B-3 Preferred Stock), in an aggregate number of 178,180.34 shares;

WHEREAS, those Investors
who own Series B-2 Preferred Stock severally and not jointly desire to, as applicable, (i) exchange the Purchased Series B-2
Shares owned by such them for the number of shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock set forth opposite their name on Exhibit B
attached hereto (the 2024 Exchange Shares), (ii) exchange the Exchanged Series B-2 Shares owned by them
for the number of shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock set forth opposite their name on Exhibit B attached hereto (the 2021
Exchange Shares), (iii) exchange the Exchanged January 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares owned by them for
the number of shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock set forth opposite their name on Exhibit B attached hereto (the January 2024
Additional Shares), (iv) exchange the Exchanged June 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares owned by them for the
number of shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock set forth opposite their name on Exhibit B attached hereto (the June 2024
Additional Shares), (v) exchange the Additional October 2024 Series B-2 Shares owned by them for the number
of shares of B-3 Preferred Stock set forth opposite their name on Exhibit B attached hereto (the October 2024 Additional
Shares) (such exchanges described in clauses (i) through (v), the Exchange), and (vi) receive
the number of additional shares set forth opposite their name on Exhibit B attached hereto (the March 2025 Additional
Shares and, together with the January 2024 Additional Shares, the June 2024 Additional Shares and the October 2024
Additional Shares, the Additional Shares; the 2024 Exchange Shares, the 2021 Exchange Shares, and the Additional
Shares, collectively, the Issued Shares), in each case, on the terms hereinafter set forth;

WHEREAS, the Investors and
the Company intend that the Exchange qualify as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(E) of the
Code and a reclassification within the meaning of Rule 16b-7 promulgated under the Exchange Act; and

WHEREAS,
at the Closing, as a condition of and inducement to the Investors willingness to enter into this Agreement, (a) the Company
and the Investors will enter into the Registration Rights Agreement, and (b) the Company and the Investors will each enter into
a Voting Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein,
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

2

ARTICLE I.

SUBSCRIPTION
AND EXCHANGE OF SHARES

Section 1.1 Subscription
and Exchange. On the terms set forth in this Agreement and subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, waiver by the party entitled to the benefit thereof) of the conditions set forth in Article V, at the Closing, (A) the
Investors shall exchange and deliver to the Company (i) the Purchased Series B-2 Shares, and in exchange therefor the Company
hereby agrees to issue and deliver to such Investors the 2024 Exchange Shares, (ii) the Exchanged Series B-2 Shares, and in
exchange therefor the Company hereby agrees to issue and deliver to such Investors the 2021 Exchange Shares, (iii) the Exchanged
January 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares, and in exchange therefor the Company hereby agrees to issue and deliver to such
Investors the January 2024 Additional Shares, (iv) the Exchanged June 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares, and in exchange
therefor the Company hereby agrees to issue and deliver to such Investors the June 2024 Additional Shares and (v) the Additional
October 2024 Series B-2 Shares, and in exchange therefor the Company hereby agrees to issue and deliver to such Investors the
October 2024 Additional Shares and (B) the Company hereby issues, conveys and delivers to the Investors the March 2025
Additional Shares, in each case, free and clear of any liens, pledges, mortgages, security interests or other encumbrances or charges
of any kind (other than Permitted Liens) to the Investors who have elected to receive the Additional Reimbursement in March 2025
Additional Shares pursuant to Section 6.5. The Series B-3 Preferred Stock shall have the rights, powers, preferences
and privileges set forth in the Certificate of Designations (the Certificate of Designations) attached hereto as
Exhibit C.

Section 1.2 Closing.
On the terms set forth in this Agreement, the closing of the issuance of the Issued Shares in exchange for the Exchanged Shares and other
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged (collectively, the Closing) shall take place remotely
via the exchange of final documents and signature pages, on the date hereof or at such other times as the Company and the Investors may
agree in writing. The date on which the Closing is to occur is herein referred to as the Closing Date.

Section 1.3 Closing
Deliverables. At the Closing:

(a) each
Investor shall, severally and not jointly, (i) deliver or cause to be delivered its respective Exchanged Shares to the Company for
cancellation, (ii) deliver to the Company a duly executed counterpart to the Registration Rights Agreement, and (iii) deliver
to the Company a duly executed counterpart to the Voting Agreement; and

(b) the
Company shall (i) issue and deliver to each Investor evidence reasonably satisfactory to such Investor of the issuance of the applicable
Issued Shares in the name of such Investor by book-entry on the books and records of the Company, (ii) file the Certificate of Designations
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and provide evidence of such filing to the Investors, (iii) deliver to the
Investors a duly executed counterpart to the Registration Rights Agreement and (iv) deliver to the Investors a duly executed counterpart
to the Voting Agreement.

3

ARTICLE II.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company represents and
warrants to the Investors as of the date of this Agreement, as of the Closing (except to the extent made only as of a specified date,
in which case such representation and warranty is made as of such date) that, except as (a) set forth in the SEC Documents (other
than disclosures in the Risk Factors or Forward Looking Statements sections or similarly captioned sections
of any such filings) and (b) set forth on Exhibit E (the Disclosure Schedule) (all such exceptions
disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule being numbered to correspond to the applicable Section of this Article II, provided,
however, that any such exception shall be deemed to be disclosed with respect to each other representation or warranty to which
the relevance of such exception is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure):

Section 2.1 Organization
and Power.

(a) The
Company is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate
power and authority necessary to own or lease its properties and to carry on its business as presently conducted, except (other than
with respect to the Companys valid existence and good standing) as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is duly licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation
in each jurisdiction wherein the character of its property or the nature of the activities presently conducted by it, makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Each
of the Companys Subsidiaries is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity validly existing and in
good standing (where such concept is recognized under applicable law) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation
(as applicable), except, with respect only to each Subsidiary of the Company that would not constitute a Significant Subsidiary (as defined
in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X (17 C.F.R. Part 210)), where the failure to be so existing and in good standing has not had,
and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Companys
Subsidiaries has all requisite corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other entity power and authority necessary to own
or lease its properties and to carry on its business as presently conducted, except as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Companys Subsidiaries is duly licensed or qualified
to do business as a foreign corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity in each jurisdiction wherein the character
of its property or the nature of the activities presently conducted by it, makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure
to be so licensed or qualified has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect.

4

Section 2.2 Authorization,
Etc.

(a) The
Company has all necessary corporate power and authority and has taken all necessary corporate action required for the due authorization,
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and each other agreement contemplated hereby, and the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, the filing of the Certificate of Designations with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware and for the due authorization, issuance and delivery of the Issued Shares and the reservation, issuance
and delivery of the Conversion Shares (as defined below).

(b) The
authorization, execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and each other agreement contemplated hereby, and
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the filing of the Certificate of Designations
and the issuance of the Issued Shares and the Conversion Shares do not and will not: (i) violate or result in the breach of any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Certificate of Designations; or (ii) with such exceptions that have not
had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect: (x) violate any
provision of, constitute a breach of, or default under, any judgment, order, writ, or decree applicable to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any material contract, mortgage or credit agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party; (y) violate
any provision of, constitute a breach of, or default under, any applicable state, federal or local law, rule or regulation; or (z) result
in the creation of any liens, pledges, mortgages, security interests or other encumbrances or charges of any kind upon any assets of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the suspension, revocation or forfeiture of any franchise, permit or license granted by a governmental
authority to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than liens under federal or state securities laws.

(c) No
shareholder approval is required pursuant to the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market in connection with the issuance of the Issued
Shares or Conversion Shares. This Agreement has been, and the other agreements contemplated hereby, at the Closing will be, duly executed
and delivered by the Company. Assuming due execution and delivery thereof by each of the other parties hereto or thereto, this Agreement
and the other agreements contemplated hereby will each be a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company
in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or other similar legal requirement relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and except as such enforceability
is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
The Company has taken all appropriate actions so that the restrictions on business combinations contained in Section 203 of the
DGCL will not apply with respect to or as a result of the issuance of the Issued Shares (or the Conversion Shares) to the Investors or
the Transfer thereof to its Permitted Transferees in accordance with this Agreement, without any further action on the part of the stockholders
of the Company or the Board of Directors.

Section 2.3 Government
Approvals. No consent, approval or authorization of, or filing with, any court or governmental authority is or will be required on
the part of the Company in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other agreements
contemplated hereby, or in connection with the issuance of the Issued Shares and the Conversion Shares, except for (a) the filing
of the Certificate of Designations and Certificate of Elimination (as defined below) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware;
(b) those which have already been made or granted, including the approval of the listing of the Conversion Shares with the Nasdaq
Stock Market; (c) the filing of a Form D and current report on Form 8-K with the SEC; and (d) filings with applicable
state securities commissions.

5

Section 2.4 Authorized
and Outstanding Stock.

(a) The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.10 par value per share (Common Stock),
and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.10 per value per share (Preferred Stock). Of such Preferred Stock, (i) no
shares are designated as Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) no shares are designated as Series A-1 Preferred Stock, (iii) no
shares are designated as Series B Preferred Stock, (iv) no shares are designated as Series B-1 Preferred Stock, (v) 175,263.58
shares are designated as Series B-2 Preferred Stock and (vi) upon the filing of the Certificate of Designations with the Secretary
of the State of Delaware, 178,180.34 shares will be designated as Series B-3 Preferred Stock. The Company does not have any other
issued and outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. Following the filing of the Certificate of Elimination, no shares of Preferred Stock
will be designated as Series B-2 Preferred Stock and all 175,263.58 shares of previously designated shares of Series B-2 Preferred
Stock will return to their status as authorized Preferred Stock available for issuance.

(b) The
Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the SEC on January 13,
2025, accurately sets forth as of the dates specified therein (i) the shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, (ii) the
shares of Common Stock held by the Company as treasury shares, (iii) the shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise
of outstanding options to purchase Common Stock or in connection with the settlement of outstanding vested or unvested restricted stock
units or performance shares awards issued pursuant to the Stock Plans or the vesting of outstanding unvested restricted stock units not
issued pursuant to the Stock Plans (assuming, in the case of any awards that are subject to the attainment of performance goals, that
applicable performance goals are attained at the maximum level) and (iv) the shares of Common Stock purchased by employees of the
Company under the Companys employee stock purchase plan. As of immediately prior to the date hereof, zero shares of Series A
Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, zero shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, zero shares
of Series B Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, zero shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding
and 175,263.58 shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. As of February 27, 2025, there are 29,347,714
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.

(c) All
of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Series B-3 Preferred Stock of the Company are, and when issued in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Issued Shares will be, duly authorized and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable. The shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Issued Shares (the Conversion Shares) have been reserved for issuance
and, when issued upon conversion thereof in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations in accordance with their terms
will be validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable and will not be subject to any preemptive right or any restrictions on transfer
under applicable law or any contract to which the Company is a party, other than those under applicable state and federal securities
and antitakeover laws, this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. When issued in accordance with the terms hereof, the Issued
Shares and the Conversion Shares will be free and clear of all liens (other than Permitted Liens).

6

(d) Except
as otherwise expressly described in this Agreement and the Certificate of Designations, and the warrants initially issued to certain
lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement: (i) no subscription, warrant, option, convertible security or other right issued by
the Company to purchase or acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company is authorized or outstanding; (ii) there is not any
commitment of the Company to issue any subscription, warrant, option, convertible security or other such right or to issue or distribute
to holders of any shares of its capital stock; (iii) the Company has no obligation to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
shares of its capital stock or to pay any dividend or make any other distribution in respect thereof; and (iv) there are no agreements
between the Company and any holder of its capital stock relating to the acquisition, disposition or voting of the capital stock of the
Company. No person or entity is entitled to any preemptive right granted by the Company with respect to the issuance of any capital stock
of the Company.

Section 2.5 Subsidiaries.
The Company, directly or indirectly, owns of record and beneficially, free and clear of all liens, pledges, mortgages, security interests
or other encumbrances or charges of any kind, other than Permitted Liens, all of the issued and outstanding capital stock or equity interests
of each of its Subsidiaries. All of the issued and outstanding capital stock or equity interests of the Companys Subsidiaries
has been duly authorized and validly issued, and in the case of corporations, is fully paid and non-assessable. There are no outstanding
rights, options, warrants, preemptive rights, conversion rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights for the purchase or acquisition
from any of the Companys Subsidiaries of any securities of such Subsidiaries nor are there any commitments to issue or execute
any such rights, options, warrants, preemptive rights, conversion rights or rights of first refusal.

Section 2.6 Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors set forth in Section 3.5 (Investment
Representations), the offer, issuance and exchange of the Issued Shares pursuant to this Agreement will be exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act.

7

Section 2.7 SEC
Documents; Financial Information. Since August 1, 2022, the Company has timely filed (a) all annual and quarterly reports
and proxy statements (including all amendments, exhibits and schedules thereto) and (b) all other reports and other documents (including
all amendments, exhibits and schedules thereto), in each case required to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange
Act and the Securities Act except, in the case of clause (b), where the failure to file has not had, and would not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. As of their respective filing dates (or, if amended or superseded
by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, on the date of such amended or superseding filing), such SEC Documents complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder
applicable to such SEC Documents, and as of their respective dates (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this
Agreement, on the date of such amended or superseding filing) none of the SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents
(the Financial Statements) comply as of their respective dates in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of
the unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q promulgated by the SEC), and present fairly in all material respects as of their
respective dates the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the dates thereof and the consolidated
results of their operations and their consolidated cash flows for each of the respective periods, all in conformity with GAAP, applied
on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in such Financial Statements or the notes thereto and subject,
in the case of the unaudited financial statements, to normal and recurring year-end and audit adjustments). There is no transaction,
arrangement or other relationship between the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off-balance sheet
entity that is required by applicable law to be disclosed by the Company in its SEC Documents and is not so disclosed. Since July 31,
2024 through the date hereof, no event has occurred that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any liabilities or obligations that would be required under GAAP, as in effect on the date
of this Agreement, to be reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company (accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), other
than liabilities or obligations (i) reflected on, reserved against, or disclosed in the notes to, the Companys most recent
consolidated balance sheet included in the SEC Documents, (ii) that were incurred after the date of the Companys most recent
consolidated balance sheet included in the SEC Documents in the ordinary course of business, (iii) as expressly contemplated by
this Agreement or otherwise incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iv) that have been discharged
or paid prior to the date of this Agreement, or (v) as have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 2.8 Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation prior to the date hereof, to the
Companys outside auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (a) any significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

Section 2.9 Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in
Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating
to the Company, including its Subsidiaries, that is required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it furnishes or files
under the Exchange Act is reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such material information
is communicated to the Companys management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

8

Section 2.10 Litigation.
There is no litigation or governmental proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing, against the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or affecting any of the business, operations, properties or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
which, in any such case, would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default with respect to any order, writ, injunction, decree, ruling or decision of any court,
commission, board or other government agency that is expressly applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, in any such
case, would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 2.11 Compliance
with Laws; Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable laws, except as has not had, and would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries possess
all permits and licenses of governmental authorities that are required to conduct their business as currently conducted, except as has
not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 2.12 Taxes.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has filed all Tax Returns required to be filed within the applicable periods for such filings
(with due regard to any extension) and has timely paid all Taxes required to be paid (whether or not shown as due on a Tax Return), except
for any such failures to file or pay that have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not, and it has never been, a United States real property holding corporation
within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code, and the Company has filed with the Internal Revenue Service all statements, if any,
that are required under Section 1.897-2(h) of the Treasury Regulations. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed
to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any
such claim. There is no deficiency for any material amount of taxes has been asserted or assessed by any governmental authority in writing
against the Company or any Subsidiary, which deficiency has not been paid or resolved. There are no material audit or other proceeding
by any governmental authority is currently in progress, pending or threatened in writing against the Company or any Subsidiary with respect
to any taxes due from such entities. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries are currently contesting any material tax liability
before any governmental authority.

Section 2.13 Employee
and Labor Matters. Except where the failure to comply has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (a) the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable laws relating
to labor, employment, fair employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, and wages and hours, and with the terms of the ERISA
Documents, and (b) each such ERISA Document is in compliance with all applicable requirements of ERISA. None of the Company, its
Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees or agents has engaged in any transaction that would reasonably be expected
to subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, to any tax or civil penalty that would reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Since January 1, 2022, there have not been any strikes,
labor disputes, lockouts, slowdowns or other material labor disputes against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending, or to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened. To the knowledge of the Company, except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other agreements contemplated hereby
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not give rise to any right of termination or
any payment right under any employment or consulting agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or any right
of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
bound.

9

Section 2.14 Environmental
Matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable Requirements of Environmental Law, except where the
failure to comply has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received within the past three years any written notice from any Governmental Entity of any
violation or alleged violation of any Requirements of Environmental Law in connection with their respective properties, except as has
not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 2.15 Registration
Rights. Except as provided in this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement or disclosed in the SEC Documents (including any
prior registration rights agreements), the Company has not granted any rights to register under the Securities Act any of its presently
outstanding securities or any of its securities that may be issued subsequently.

Section 2.16 Investment
Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after giving effect to the exchange and issuance, as applicable, of the Issued Shares
in accordance with this Agreement and the application of the proceeds thereof will not be required to be registered as, an investment
company or a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act.

Section 2.17 Nasdaq.
As of the date hereof, the Companys Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, and no event has occurred, and the Company
is not aware of any event that is reasonably likely to occur, that would result in the Common Stock being delisted from the Nasdaq Stock
Market. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with applicable continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

10

Section 2.18 Properties.
Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material
to its business free and clear of any liens, pledges, mortgages, security interests or other encumbrances or charges of any kind, except,
in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and for Permitted Liens. Except as have not
had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries exclusively owns, or is validly licensed to use, or otherwise has the valid right to use, all trademarks,
tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property used in, held for use in or necessary to its business as currently conducted
free and clear of any liens, pledges, mortgages, security interests or other encumbrances or charges of any kind, except for Permitted
Liens, and (ii) neither the use thereof, or the operation of the Companys and its Subsidiaries businesses, by the Company
and each Subsidiary infringes upon, violates or misappropriates (or has infringed upon, violated or misappropriated) the rights of any
other Person. No claim or litigation regarding any trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents or other intellectual property owned by,
used by, or held for use by the Company or its Subsidiaries (including any claims or litigations challenging the validity or enforceability
thereof) is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that, individually
or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All (i) trademark and service mark registrations
and applications, (ii) patents and patent applications, (iii) copyright registrations and applications, and (iv) domain
name registrations, in each case, owned or purported to be owned by the Company or a Subsidiary, is subsisting, valid, and enforceable,
except, individually or in the aggregate, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and
its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable measures to maintain and protect their right, title and interest in all intellectual
property owned or purported to be owned by the Company or a Subsidiary, and the Company has maintained the confidentiality of all confidential
information and trade secrets in its possession, except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 2.19 Privacy
and Data Security. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (a) the Company and its
Subsidiaries have established written privacy policies applicable to the collection, use, disclosure, maintenance and transmission of
Personal Data, (b) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with their written privacy
policies, contracts which impose requirements relating to the collection, processing, storage, disclosure, disposal or other handling
of Personal Data, any applicable laws relating to privacy, data protection, anti-spam, personal information and similar consumer protection
laws, and any applicable industry standards which impose requirements on the collection, processing, storage, disclosure, disposal or
other handling of Personal Data (collectively, the Privacy Requirements). Except as would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the operation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any its websites nor the content
thereof or data processed, collected, stored or disseminated by such entity in connection therewith, violates in any material respect
any applicable law regarding privacy, data protection, anti-spam, personal information and similar consumer protection laws. Since January 1,
2021, none of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has experienced (i) incidents of unauthorized access or other security breaches,
including any loss, misuse, damage, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized use of any Personal Data, or (ii) any
other event that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries required a data breach notice to any Person or Governmental Entity under Privacy
Requirements, except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as, individually
or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the hardware, software, databases, web
sites, mobile applications, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, circuits, networks, communications networks, and other information
technology owned, licensed, leased or otherwise used, distributed or held for use by the Company or its Subsidiaries (i) have not,
within the three (3) years prior to the date of this Agreement, malfunctioned or failed in a manner that resulted in chronic
or otherwise material disruptions to the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and (ii) are adequate for
the Companys and its Subsidiaries businesses as currently conducted.

11

Section 2.20 Insurance.
As of the date of this Agreement, the insurance policies of the Company and its Subsidiaries are in full force and effect and all premiums
in respect of such insurance have been timely paid except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company believes that the insurance
maintained by or on behalf of the Company and the Subsidiaries is in such amounts and against such risks as is (a) customarily maintained
by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and (b) adequate
for the type of business conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section 2.21 [Reserved].

Section 2.22 No
Brokers or Finders. No Person has or will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any right, interest
or claim against or upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the Investors for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder
or broker because of any act of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 2.23 Illegal
Payments; FCPA Violations. Except as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect, since January 1, 2021, none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company,
any officer, director, employee, agent, representative or consultant acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (and
only in their capacities as such) has, in connection with the business of the Company: (a) unlawfully offered, paid, promised to
pay, or authorized the payment of, directly or indirectly, anything of value, including money, loans, gifts, travel, or entertainment,
to any Government Official with the purpose of (i) influencing any act or decision of such Government Official in his or her official
capacity; (ii) inducing such Government Official to perform or omit to perform any activity in violation of his or her legal duties;
(iii) securing any improper advantage; or (iv) inducing such Government Official to influence or affect any act or decision
of such Governmental Entity, except, with respect to the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv), as permitted under the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act or other applicable law; (b) made any illegal contribution to any political party or candidate; (c) made,
offered or promised to pay any unlawful bribe, payoff, influence payment, kickback, unlawful rebate, or other similar unlawful payment
of any nature, directly or indirectly, in connection with the business of the Company, to any Person, including any supplier or customer;
(d) knowingly established or maintained any unrecorded fund or asset or made any false entry on any book or record of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries for any purpose; or (e) otherwise violated the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended,
the UK Bribery Act 2010, as amended, or any other applicable anti-corruption or anti-bribery law.

Section 2.24 Economic
Sanctions. Except as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, the Company is not in contravention of any sanction, and has not engaged in any conduct sanctionable, under U.S. economic sanctions
laws, including applicable laws administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control,
31 C.F.R. Part V, the Iran Sanctions Act, as amended, the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act, as amended,
the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, as amended, the Iran Freedom and Counter-Proliferation Act of 2012, as amended,
and any executive order issued pursuant to any of the foregoing.

12

Section 2.25 No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or
indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
this offering, issuance, and exchange for the Issued Shares, as applicable, to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for
purposes of (i) applicable federal securities laws which would require the registration of any such securities under such laws,
or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

Section 2.26 Shell
Company Status. The Company is not, and has never been, an issuer identified in, or subject to, Rule 144(i)(1) of the Securities
Act.

Section 2.27 Accounting.
Neither any transaction contemplated herein, issuance, offer and exchange of the Issued Shares, nor any commission or fee contemplated
herein or in any other transaction document shall be treated as compensatory for purposes of GAAP.

Section 2.28 No
Additional Representations. Except for the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Article II, neither
the Company nor any other Person makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company or any Subsidiaries
or their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, employees, employee benefit plans, conditions or prospects, and the
Company hereby disclaims any such other representations or warranties. In particular, without limiting the foregoing disclaimer, neither
the Company nor any other Person makes or has made any representation or warranty to the Investors, or any of their Affiliates or representatives,
with respect to (a) any financial projection, forecast, estimate, budget or prospect information relating to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or their respective business, or (b) any oral or written information presented to the Investors or any of their
Affiliates or representatives in the course of their due diligence investigation of the Company, the negotiation of this Agreement or
in the course of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall
limit the right of the Investors and their Affiliates to rely on the representations and warranties expressly set forth in this Article II,
nor will anything in this Agreement operate to limit any claim by any Investor or any of its respective Affiliates for Fraud.

Section 2.29 No
Reliance on Investor Representations. The Company acknowledges and agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, that, except for
the representations and warranties contained in Article III, neither the Investors nor any other Person, makes any express
or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Investors, their Affiliates or their respective businesses, operations, assets,
liabilities, employees, conditions or prospects, and the Company, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby disclaims reliance upon
any such other representations or warranties.

Section 2.30 Holding
Period. For the purposes of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the holding
period of the Exchanged Shares (and the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the terms of the Exchanged Shares) may be tacked onto
the holding period of the Issued Shares received in respect of such Exchanged Shares and (ii) it will not to take a position contrary
to clause (i) above.

13

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE INVESTORS

Each Investor, severally
and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Company as of the date of this Agreement, as of the Closing (except to the extent made
only as of a specified date, in which case such representation and warranty is made as of such date), as to itself only, that:

Section 3.1 Organization
and Power. Each Investor is a limited liability company or a limited partnership, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and has all requisite limited liability company, limited partnership or other entity
power and authority necessary to own its properties and to carry on its business as presently conducted.

Section 3.2 Authorization,
Etc.

(a) Each
Investor has all necessary limited liability company, limited partnership or other entity power and authority and has taken all necessary
actions required for the due authorization, execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of this Agreement and the other agreements
contemplated hereby and the consummation by such Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

(b) The
authorization, execution, delivery and performance by each Investor of this Agreement and the other agreements contemplated hereby, and
the consummation by such Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (a) violate or result
in the breach of any organizational documents of such Investor; or (b) with the exceptions that are not reasonably likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other
agreements contemplated hereby: (i) violate any provision of, constitute a breach of, or default under, any judgment, order, writ,
or decree applicable to such Investor or any material contract to which such Investor is a party; or (ii) violate any provision
of, constitute a breach of, or default under, any applicable state, federal or local law, rule or regulation.

(c) This
Agreement has been, and the other agreements contemplated hereby, at the Closing will be, duly executed and delivered by each Investor.
Assuming due execution and delivery thereof by the other parties hereto or thereto, this Agreement and the other agreements contemplated
hereby will each be a valid and binding obligation of each Investor enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its terms, except
as the enforceability may be limited by applicable laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar
legal requirement relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and except as the enforceability is subject to general principles
of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

14

Section 3.3 Government
Approvals. No consent, approval, license or authorization of, or filing with, any court or governmental authority is or will be required
on the part of each Investor in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of this Agreement and the other
agreements contemplated hereby, except for: (a) those which have already been made or granted; (b) the filing with the SEC
of a Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G to report ownership of the Issued Shares or the Conversion Shares; (c) the filing with the SEC
of any filings under Section 16 of the Exchange Act; or (d) those where the failure to obtain such consent, approval or license
would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Investor to perform its obligations hereunder.

Section 3.4 Title.
Such Investor holds of record and owns beneficially all of the Exchanged Shares set forth opposite the name of such Investor on Exhibit B,
free and clear of any liens (other than Permitted Liens).

Section 3.5 Investment
Representations.

(a) Each
Investor is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act.

(b) Each
Investor has been advised by the Company that the Issued Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, that the Issued Shares
will be issued on the basis of the statutory exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act or Regulation D
promulgated thereunder, or both, relating to transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering and under similar exemptions
under certain state securities laws, that this transaction has not been reviewed by, passed on or submitted to any federal or state agency
or self-regulatory organization where an exemption is being relied upon, and that the Companys reliance thereon is based in part
upon the representations made by each Investor in this Agreement. Each Investor acknowledges that it has been informed by the Company
of, or is otherwise familiar with, the nature of the limitations imposed by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder
on the transfer of securities.

(c) Each
Investor is acquiring the Issued Shares for its own account and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution
thereof in violation of federal or state securities laws.

(d) By
reason of its business or financial experience, each Investor has the capacity to protect its own interest in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder.

(e) The
Company has provided to each Investor all documents and information that such Investor has requested relating to an investment in the
Company. Each Investor recognizes that investing in the Company involves substantial risks, and has taken full cognizance of and understands
all of the risk factors related to the Issued Shares. Each Investor has carefully considered and has, to the extent it believes such
discussion necessary, discussed with such Investors professional legal, tax and financial advisers the suitability of and risks
relating to an investment in the Company, and each Investor has determined that an investment in the Issued Shares is a suitable investment
for such Investor and that it can bear the economic risk of a total loss in respect of such investment. No Investor has relied on the
Company for any tax or legal advice in connection with the exchange and issuance, as applicable, of the Issued Shares. In evaluating
the suitability of an investment in the Company, no Investor has relied upon any representations or other information relating to the
Company (other than the representations and warranties of the Company expressly set forth in Article II).

15

Section 3.6 No
Brokers or Finders. No Person has or will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any right, interest
or claim against or upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any Investor for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder
or broker because of any act by each Investor.

Section 3.7 No
Covered Transaction. No Investor is a Foreign Person within the meaning of 31 C.F.R. 800.224. No Investors direct or
indirect participation in the transaction described in this Agreement would cause such transaction to be a covered transaction
within the meaning of 50 U.S. Code 4565(a)(4).

Section 3.8 No
Additional Representations. Except for the representations and warranties made by the Investors (severally and not jointly) in this
Article III, neither the Investors nor any other Person makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect
to the Investors, their Affiliates or their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, employees, employee benefit plans,
conditions or prospects, and the Investors, on behalf of themselves and their respective Affiliates and their respective directors, officers,
employees, agents and other representatives, hereby disclaim any such other representations or warranties. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall limit the right of the Company and its Affiliates to rely on the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements expressly set forth in this Article III, nor will anything in this Agreement operate
to limit any claim by the Company and its Affiliates for Fraud.

Section 3.9 No
Reliance. Each Investor acknowledges and agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, that, except for the representations and
warranties contained in Article II, neither the Company nor any other Person, makes any express or implied representation
or warranty with respect to the Company, its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, employees,
employee benefit plans, conditions or prospects, and each Investor, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby disclaims reliance
upon any such other representations or warranties. In particular, without limiting the foregoing disclaimer, each Investor acknowledges
and agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, that neither the Company nor any other Person, makes or has made any representation
or warranty with respect to, and each Investor, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby disclaims reliance upon (a) any financial
projection, forecast, estimate, budget or prospect information relating to the Company, its Subsidiaries or their respective business,
or (b) without limiting the representations and warranties made by the Company in Article II, any information presented
to each Investor or any of its Affiliates or representatives in the course of their due diligence investigation of the Company, the negotiation
of this Agreement or in the course of the transactions contemplated hereby.

16

ARTICLE IV.

COVENANTS
OF THE PARTIES

Section 4.1 Board
of Directors. The Investors shall have the right to nominate one director to the Board of Directors (the Series B-3
Director) and one observer to the Board of Directors (the Series B-3 Observer), in each case, to
the extent provided in the Certificate of Designations. In connection with the appointment of the Series B-3 Director to the Board
of Directors (to the extent not already a member of the Board of Directors), the Company has entered into an Indemnification Agreement
with the Series B-3 Director. For the avoidance of doubt, the Indemnification Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

Section 4.2 Public
Announcement. No later than 4:30 p.m. on March 4, 2025, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the
SEC describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Exhibits hereto, and attaching as
exhibits any documents related to such transactions as are required by SEC rules and regulations.

Section 4.3 Restrictions
on Transfer.

(a) [Reserved].

(b) Restricted
Securities shall not be Transferred except upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 4.4, which conditions
are intended to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. Any attempted Transfer in violation of this Section 4.3
shall be void ab initio.

(c) At
any time between the Closing Date and the Voting Right Expiration Date, upon reasonable written notice from the Company to the Investors,
the Investors will promptly provide the Company with information regarding the amount of the securities of the Company beneficially owned
by each such Investor or Affiliates thereof.

(d) This
Section 4.3 shall supersede and replace Section 4.3 of the Subscription and Exchange Agreement. Section 4.3 of
the Subscription and Exchange Agreement is terminated hereby.

17

Section 4.4 Restrictive
Legends.

(a) All
Issued Shares and Conversion Shares (unless otherwise permitted by the provisions of Section 4.4(c)) shall be stamped or
otherwise imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form (in addition to any legend required under applicable state securities
laws):

THE OFFER AND SALE OF THIS SECURITY
AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), AND THIS SECURITY AND SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT;
OR (B) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED AS PERMITTED BY THE SUBSCRIPTION AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 3,
2025.

(b) In
addition, for so long as the Issued Shares or the Conversion Shares are subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 4.3,
each certificate representing such shares shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN THE SUBSCRIPTION AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 3,
2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTORS NAMED THEREIN. THE COMPANY WILL MAIL TO THE HOLDER OF THIS CERTIFICATE A COPY OF SUCH
SUBSCRIPTION AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, AS IN EFFECT ON THE DATE OF MAILING, WITHOUT CHARGE, PROMPTLY AFTER RECEIPT OF A WRITTEN REQUEST
THEREFOR.

(c) Each
Investor consents to the Company making a notation on its records and giving instructions to any transfer agent of the applicable Issued
Shares or the Conversion Shares in order to implement the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.4.

(d) Prior
to any proposed Transfer of any Restricted Securities, unless there is in effect a registration statement under the Securities Act covering
the proposed Transfer, the applicable Investor shall give written notice to the Company of such Investors intention to effect
such Transfer (Transfer Notice). Each such notice shall describe the manner and circumstances of the proposed Transfer
in sufficient detail, and shall be accompanied by either (i) an opinion of legal counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company
to the effect that the proposed Transfer of the Restricted Securities may be effected without registration under the Securities Act,
or (ii) any other evidence reasonably satisfactory to counsel to the Company, whereupon such Investor shall be entitled to Transfer
such Restricted Securities in accordance with the Transfer Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the applicable Investor gives the
Company a representation letter containing such representations as the Company may reasonably request, the Company will not require such
legal opinion or such other evidence (A) in a routine sales transaction in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act,
or (B) in any transaction in which an Investor that is a partnership or limited liability company distributes Restricted Securities
solely to its Affiliates (including affiliated fund partnerships), or partners or members of such Investor or its Affiliates for no consideration.
Each certificate evidencing the Restricted Securities transferred shall bear the appropriate restrictive legend set forth in Sections
4.4(a) and (b), except that such certificate shall not bear the first such restrictive legend if such legend is not required
in order to establish compliance with any provisions of the Securities Act. Upon the request of an Investor holding a certificate bearing
the first such restrictive legend and, if necessary, the appropriate evidence as required by clause (i) or (ii) above, the
Company shall, within two (2) Business Days of the request, remove the first such restrictive legend from such certificate and from
the certificate to be issued to the applicable transferee if such legend is not required in order to establish compliance with any provisions
of the Securities Act. If an Investor holds a certificate bearing the second restrictive legend, upon the written request of such Investor,
the Company shall remove such restrictive legend from such certificate when the provisions of Section 4.3 are no longer applicable
to the applicable shares represented by such certificate.

18

Section 4.5 Access
to Information. Until the date no Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock remains outstanding, the Company shall (a) afford
to any member of the Investor Group (as defined below), access during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice to the
Companys properties, books and records and contracts; (b) make available to any member of the Investor Group copies of all
such contracts, books and records and other existing documents and data in the Companys possession or control as such member of
the Investor Group may reasonably request; and (c) make available to any member of the Investor Group during normal business hours
and upon reasonable advance notice the appropriate management personnel of the Company (and the Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause its attorneys, accountants and other professionals to be made available to the Investor Group) for discussion of the
business and personnel as the Investor may reasonably request, in each case so long as such access does not reasonably interfere with
the operations of the Company or its business; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 4.5 shall require the Company to
provide access to or furnish to any member of the Investor Group any information or materials if such access or disclosure would jeopardize
the attorney-client privilege of the Company with respect to such information or materials or violate any Laws to which the Company is
subject.

Section 4.6 Financial
Statements and Other Information.

(a) If
between the Closing Date and the Voting Right Expiration Date, the Common Stock is deregistered under the Exchange Act and the Company
is no longer required to file periodic reports with the SEC, until the Voting Right Expiration Date, the Company shall deliver to each
of the Investors:

(i) as
soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, its audited consolidated (and unaudited
consolidating) balance sheet and audited consolidated (and unaudited consolidating) statements of operations and comprehensive income,
stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal year, and related notes thereto, setting forth in each
case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent
public accountants of recognized national standing to the effect that such financial statements present fairly in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flow of the Company and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end
of and for such fiscal year in accordance with GAAP consistently applied and accompanied by a narrative managements discussion
and analysis report describing the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and the consolidated Subsidiaries;
and

19

(ii) as
soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the
Company, its unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet and unaudited consolidated and consolidating statements of operations
and comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed
portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or,
in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
(or equivalent) as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company
and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and such portion of the fiscal year in accordance
with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and reduced footnote disclosures, and accompanied by a narrative
managements discussion and analysis report describing the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company
and the consolidated Subsidiaries;

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, financial statements and other reports required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 4.6 filed by the
Company with the SEC and available on EDGAR (or such other free, publicly-accessible internet database that may be established and maintained
by the SEC as a substitute for or successor to EDGAR) shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Investors on the date on which the
Company posts such documents to EDGAR (or such other free, publicly-accessible internet database that may be established and maintained
by the SEC as a substitute for or successor to EDGAR).

(c) Between
the Closing Date and the Voting Right Expiration Date, the Investors or their representatives shall have the reasonable right to consult
from time to time, but not more frequently than once per quarter, with the senior officers of the Company at its principal place of business
or virtually (as determined by the Company) regarding operating and financial matters of the Company; provided that the exercise
of such right does not materially interfere with the operations of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section 4.7 Standstill.
The Magnetar Investors and the White Hat Investors, severally and not jointly, agree that, until the earliest of (i) January 22,
2026, (ii) the occurrence of any Insolvency Proceeding (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) by or against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries and (iii) the occurrence of (1) an Event of Default (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement),
or any similar event under any other indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof incurred as part of a refinancing
of, or substitution or exchange for, the indebtedness for borrowed money under the Existing Credit Agreement, in each case, for the avoidance
of doubt, after taking into account any applicable cure periods contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or the applicable credit agreement);
or (2) the acceleration of the maturity of the obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement (or under any other indebtedness
for borrowed money of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof incurred as part of a refinancing of, or in substitution or exchange for,
the indebtedness for borrowed money under the Existing Credit Agreement) and such acceleration has not been rescinded by the requisite
holders of such indebtedness for borrowed money within seven (7) Business Days following such acceleration (the earliest of (i),
(ii) and (iii), the Standstill Termination Date), without the prior consent, invitation, or authorization of
the Company or the Companys Board of Directors, not to:

20

(a) other
than pursuant to clause (b) below, acquire or agree to acquire, whether by private or open market purchase, a block trade, or a
tender or exchange offer, beneficial ownership of, or any economic interest in, any right to direct the voting or disposition of, or
any other right with respect to any equity securities or direct or indirect rights to acquire any equity securities of the Company, any
securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such equity securities, in each case solely to the extent that, after giving effect
to such acquisition or transaction, either (i) the Magnetar Investors, taken together with their respective Affiliates, would beneficially
own (as determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), in the aggregate, greater than 19.99% of the then outstanding
Common Stock or (ii) the White Hat Investors, taken together with its respective Affiliates, would beneficially own (as determined
in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), in the aggregate, greater than 9.99% of the then outstanding Common Stock;

(b) [Reserved]

(c) (i) make,
publicly support or become a participant in (as such term is defined or used under the Exchange Act, other than solely
by voting shares or complying with applicable reporting requirements under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) or by virtue
of having a representative serving on the Companys Board of Directors, any solicitation of proxies
or consents (whether or not relating to the election or removal of directors), as such terms are used in the rules of the SEC (but
without regard to the exclusion set forth in Rule 14a-1(l)(2)(iv) promulgated under the Exchange Act), to vote any voting securities
of the Company or any securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for any such voting securities, (ii) request, call
or seek to call (or, for the avoidance of doubt, publicly support another Persons request or call for) a meeting of the Companys
stockholders or action by written consent (or the setting of a record date therefor), other than of or by the holders of the Series B-3
Preferred Stock voting as a separate class for the purpose of voting or consenting to the matters on which the holders of Series B-3
Preferred Stock have the right to vote or consent to under Section 9 of the Certificate of Designations, (iii) initiate any
stockholder proposal for action by the Companys stockholders, (iv) except as contemplated by this Agreement and the Certificate
of Designations, seek representation on the Board of Directors, or (v) advise, assist, knowingly encourage or direct any Person
to do, or to advise, assist, knowingly encourage or direct any other Person to do, any of the foregoing prohibited actions set forth
in clauses (i) through (iv); provided that nothing in this clause (c) shall restrict the voting by proxy in the ordinary course
of business;

(d) make
any public announcement with respect to, offer or take any action that would reasonably be expected to require the Company to make a
public announcement regarding (in each case with or without conditions, but other than a public announcement in respect of the implementation
of proposals, actions or transactions approved by the Company), either alone or in concert with others, any merger, consolidation, business
combination, tender or exchange offer, recapitalization, reorganization or purchase of more than 50% of the assets, properties or securities
of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any other extraordinary transaction involving the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company (it being understood that the foregoing shall not restrict a Person from tendering shares, receiving payment for shares or otherwise
participating in any such transaction on the same basis as other stockholders of the Company); provided, that, nothing in this clause
(d) is intended to prohibit the Investors compliance with applicable reporting requirements under Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act;

21

(e) enter
into any agreements, arrangements or understandings with any third party (including security holders of the Company) with respect to
any of the foregoing clauses (a) through (d), including forming, joining or in any way participating in a group (as
defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) with any third party in connection with any of the foregoing (it being understood
that each Investor and its Affiliates, or the Investors collectively, shall not be considered a group for purposes of this
clause (e));

(f) except
as contemplated by this Agreement and the Certificate of Designations, request the Company or any of its Representatives, directly or
indirectly, to amend or waive any provision of this Section 4.7; provided that this clause shall not prohibit the making
of a confidential request to the Company seeking an amendment or waiver of the provisions of this Section 4.7, which the
Company may accept or reject in its sole discretion, so long as any such request is made in a manner that does not require public disclosure
thereof by any Person; or

(g) purchase,
sell or otherwise trade debt securities of the Company if as a result of such purchase, sale or trade such Investor beneficially owns
19.99% or more of the Companys outstanding debt securities;

provided,
however, that subject to the terms of Section 4.3 and the Voting Agreements, nothing in this Section 4.7 will
(i) prevent the Investors designee serving on the board of directors of the Company from taking any action while acting in
such designees capacity as a director of the Company in accordance with his or her fiduciary duties as a director, (ii) limit
the ability to vote or transfer shares of Common Stock, privately make and submit to the Board of Directors any proposal that is intended
to be made and submitted on a non-publicly disclosed or announced basis (and would not reasonably be expected to require public disclosure
by any Person, but other than a public disclosure in respect of the implementation of proposals, actions or transactions approved
by the Company), participate in rights offerings made by the Company to all holders of Common Stock, receive any dividends or similar
distributions with respect to any securities of the Company, or tender shares of Common Stock into any tender or exchange offer or (iii) prohibit
the Investors from complying with applicable reporting requirements under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

This Section 4.7
shall supersede and replace Section 4.7 of the Subscription and Exchange Agreement. Section 4.7 of the Subscription and Exchange
Agreement is terminated hereby. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Section 4.7 shall limit
the rights of the Investors and their Affiliates under this Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, the Registration Rights Agreement,
the Voting Agreement and/or the Warrant.

Section 4.8 Information;
Confidentiality.

(a) The
Company shall not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and its and each of their respective officers, directors and employees to
not, and shall direct and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its attorneys, representatives and agents to not, provide any
Investor or their Affiliates (excluding the Investors designee serving on the Board of Directors of the Company) with any material
non-public information under U.S. federal securities laws regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries if not specifically requested
by such Investor or without the express prior consent of such Investor; provided that the Company shall have the ability to cure any
inadvertent disclosure of material non-public information prohibited by this Section 4.8(a) by promptly making a public
disclosure thereof.

22

(b) Until
the one year anniversary following the Voting Right Expiration Date, the Investors shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates
and Representatives who actually receive Confidential Information to, keep confidential any information (including oral, written and
electronic information) concerning the Company, its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates that may be furnished to the Investor, its Affiliates
or its or their respective Representatives by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Representatives pursuant to this Agreement or
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (Confidential Information) and to use the Confidential Information
solely for the purposes of monitoring, administering or managing the Investors investment in the Company made pursuant to this
Agreement; provided that Confidential Information will not include information that (a) was or becomes available to the public other
than as a result of a breach of any confidentiality obligation in this Agreement by an Investor or its Affiliates or their respective
Representatives, (b) was or becomes available to an Investor or its Affiliates or their respective Representatives from a source
other than the Company or its Representatives; provided that such source is reasonably believed by such Investor or such Affiliates not
to be subject to an obligation of confidentiality (whether by agreement or otherwise), (c) at the time of disclosure is already
in the possession of an Investor or its Affiliates or their respective Representatives from a source other than the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives, (d) was independently developed by an Investor or its Affiliates or
their respective Representatives without reference to, incorporation of, or other use of any Confidential Information; provided that
the Investor may disclose Confidential Information (i) to its attorneys, accountants, consultants and financial and other professional
advisors to the extent necessary to obtain their services in connection with its investment in the Company, (ii) to any Affiliate,
partner, member, limited partners, prospective partners or co-investors, or related investment fund of an Investor and its Affiliates
and their respective directors, officers, employees, consultants and representatives, in each case in the ordinary course of business
(provided that the recipients of such confidential information are directed to abide by the confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations
contained herein), (iii) as may be reasonably determined by the Investor to be necessary in connection with the Investors
enforcement of its rights in connection with this Agreement or its investment in the Company, or (iv) as may otherwise be required
by law or legal, judicial or regulatory process; and provided, further, that (x) any breach of the confidentiality and use terms
herein by any Person to whom an Investor and its Permitted Transferees may disclose Confidential Information pursuant to clauses (i) and
(ii) of the preceding proviso shall be attributable to such Investor for purposes of determining such Investors compliance
with this Section 4.8, except those who have entered into a separate confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement or obligation
with the Company, and (y) that such Investor takes commercially reasonable steps (at the Companys sole expense) to minimize
the extent of any required disclosure described in clause (iv) of the preceding proviso.

23

Section 4.9 Warrants.
In the event of (a) an Optional Repurchase in connection with an Asset Sale Trigger, on each applicable Optional Repurchase Date,
or (b) the consummation of each repurchase pursuant to an exercise of the Asset Sale Call Right (the Optional Call Date),
the Company agrees to issue to each Investor whose shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock were redeemed pursuant to the Optional Repurchase
or consummation of the repurchase pursuant to such Asset Sale Call Right, in each case, a warrant to purchase Common Stock in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit F (each individually a Warrant and collectively the Warrants)
representing the right of such Investor to acquire for a term of five (5) years and six (6) months from such issuance an initial
amount of Common Stock representing the quotient of (x) the aggregate Liquidation Preference of shares of Series B-3 Preferred
Stock repurchased by the Company divided by (y) the Conversion Price as of such Optional Repurchase Date or the Optional Call Date,
as applicable, in each case, subject to adjustments as set forth in the Warrant, and with an initial exercise price equal to the Conversion
Price as of such Optional Repurchase Date or the Optional Call Date, as applicable, in each case, subject to adjustments set forth in
the Warrant.

Section 4.10 Elimination
of Series B-2 Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations. Promptly following the Closing, the Company shall file with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Elimination (the Certificate of Elimination) with respect to
the Certificate of Designations of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock, and take such additional action as may be necessary to cancel
the Certificate of Designations of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock and otherwise terminate the authority of the Company to issue
additional shares of, and retire, the Series B-2 Preferred Stock.

Section 4.11 Termination
of Prior Voting Agreement. Each Investor to the extent a party to a Voting Agreement dated as of October 17, 2024 by and between
or among the Company and such Investor or group of affiliated Investors, as applicable, (each, a Prior Voting Agreement),
severally and not jointly with any other Investor, hereby agrees with the Company that effective as of the date hereof, the Prior Voting
Agreement to which it is a party, including all obligations thereunder, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect in its entirety
without further action by any of the parties thereto and notwithstanding Section 2 thereof or anything else to the contrary in such
Prior Voting Agreement.

Section 4.12 Efforts
to Consummate. Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, each of the parties shall use reasonable best efforts to take,
or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and
make effective as promptly as practicable the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

24

ARTICLE V.

Conditions
to closing

Section 5.1 Conditions
to the Obligations of the Company and the Investors. The respective obligations of each of the Company and the Investors to effect
the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable law) on or prior to the Closing Date, as
applicable, of the following condition:

(a) no
temporary or permanent order, judgment, injunction, ruling, writ or decree of any Governmental Entity (including in respect of a claim
brought by a third party) shall have been enacted, promulgated, issued, entered, amended or enforced by any Governmental Entity nor shall
any proceeding brought by a Governmental Entity seeking any of the foregoing be pending, or any applicable law shall be in effect enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (Restraints).

Section 5.2 Conditions
to the Obligations of the Company to Effect the Closing. The obligations of the Company to effect the Closing shall be further subject
to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

(a) the
representations and warranties of the Investors contained in Article III shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date (other than those representations and warranties that
address matters as of particular dates, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such dates); and

(b) each
of the Investors shall have complied with or performed in all material respects its obligations required to be complied with or performed
by it pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to the Closing.

Section 5.3 Conditions
to the Obligations of the Investors to Effect the Closing. The obligations of the Investors to effect the Closing shall be further
subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

(a) the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article II shall be true and correct in all respects (other than
for de minimis inaccuracies) as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date (other than those
representations and warranties that address matters as of particular dates, which shall be true and correct as of such dates); and

(b) the
Company shall have complied with or performed in all material respects its obligations required to be complied with or performed by it
pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to the Closing.

ARTICLE VI.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 6.1 Survival.
Except in the case of Fraud, the representations and warranties of the parties contained in Article II and Article III
hereof made at the Closing shall survive for twelve (12) months following the Closing. All covenants and agreements of the parties
contained herein shall survive the Closing in accordance with their terms.

25

Section 6.2 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and will become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by a party and delivered to the other parties. Copies of executed counterparts
of signature pages to this Agreement may be transmitted by PDF (portable document format) or facsimile and such PDFs or facsimiles
will be deemed as sufficient as if actual signature pages had been delivered.

Section 6.3 Governing
Law.

(a) This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice
of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

(b) Any
dispute relating hereto shall be heard first in the Delaware Court of Chancery, and, if applicable, in any state or federal court located
in of Delaware in which appeal from the Court of Chancery may validly be taken under the laws of the State of Delaware (each a Chosen
Court and collectively, the Chosen Courts), and the parties agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue
of the Chosen Courts. Such Persons further agree that any proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising
out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or by any matters related to the foregoing (the
Applicable Matters) shall be brought exclusively in a Chosen Court, and that any proceeding arising out of this
Agreement or any other Applicable Matter shall be deemed to have arisen from a transaction of business in the State of Delaware, and
each of the foregoing Persons hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such Chosen Courts in any such proceeding and irrevocably
and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that such Person may now or hereafter have to the laying
of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such Chosen Court or that any such proceeding brought in any such Chosen Court
has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

(c) Such
Persons further covenant not to bring a proceeding with respect to the Applicable Matters (or that could affect any Applicable Matter)
other than in such Chosen Court and not to challenge or enforce in another jurisdiction a judgment of such Chosen Court.

(d) Process
in any such proceeding may be served on any Person with respect to such Applicable Matters anywhere in the world, whether within or without
the jurisdiction of any such Chosen Court. Without limiting the foregoing, each such Person agrees that service of process on such party
as provided in Section 6.6 shall be deemed effective service of process on such Person.

(e) Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO, FOR ITSELF AND ITS AFFILIATES, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR OTHER PROCEEDING (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR IN THE NEGOTIATION,
ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

26

Section 6.4 Entire
Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiary; Reclassification. This Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, the Voting Agreements,
and the Registration Rights Agreement contain the entire agreement by and among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
and all prior negotiations, writings and understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended
to confer upon any Person not a party hereto (or their successors and permitted assigns) any rights or remedies hereunder. The exchange
and the issuance, as applicable, of the Issued Shares constitute a reclassification within the meaning of Rule 16b-7 promulgated
under the Exchange Act.

Section 6.5 Expenses.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in any other transaction document, all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including accounting and legal fees, shall be paid by the party incurring
such fees, costs and expenses; provided, that at the Closing, the Company shall reimburse each of the Investors, or their Affiliates,
for expenses (a) relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and other transactions between the Company and the Investors or
their Affiliates, including, without limitation, for expenses related to the review of the Existing Credit Agreement and (b) in
an amount equal to two percent (2.0%) of the sum of the Liquidation Preferences of such Investors 2024 Exchange Shares, 2021 Exchange
Shares, January 2024 Additional Shares, the June 2024 Additional Shares and the October 2024 Additional Shares (the Additional
Reimbursement). The Additional Reimbursement payable to each Investor shall be payable, at the election of such Investor,
(x) by wire transfer of immediately available funds, (y) in March 2025 Additional Shares which will be deemed fully paid
upon issuance or (z) any combination of the foregoing. Exhibit B sets forth, with respect to each Investor who has elected
to receive the Additional Reimbursement in March 2025 Additional Shares, the applicable amount of March 2025 Additional Shares
to be issued thereto hereunder at the Closing. For the avoidance of doubt, the Additional Reimbursement is in addition to, and not in
replacement of, the expense reimbursement provided for clause (a) of this Section 6.5.

Section 6.6 Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given or made as follows: (a) if sent by registered or certified mail in the United States return receipt requested, upon receipt;
(b) if sent by nationally recognized overnight air courier, one (1) Business Day after mailing; (c) if sent by e-mail
transmission, with a copy sent on the same day in the manner provided in the foregoing clause (a) or (b), when transmitted and receipt
is confirmed; and (d) if otherwise actually personally delivered, when delivered, provided, that such notices, requests,
demands and other communications are delivered to the address set forth below, or to such other address as any party shall provide by
like notice to the other parties to this Agreement:

27

If to the Company, to:

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

305 N 54th Street

Chandler, Arizona 85226

E-mail: don.walther@comtech.com

Attention: Don Walther

with a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

E-mail: rrusso@paulweiss.com

Attention: Raphael M. Russo

If to the Investors, to the
address set forth on the signature pages hereto

with a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:

Counsel
to the Magnetar Investors:

Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP

787 Seventh Avenue

New York, NY 10019-6099

E-mail: ehalperin@willkie.com; sewen@willkie.com

Attention: Eric Halperin; Sean Ewen

Counsel
to the White Hat Investors:

Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP

919 Third Avenue

New York, NY 10022

E-mail: Eleazer.Klein@srz.com

Attention: Eleazer Klein

Section 6.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. This Agreement may be assigned in connection with a Transfer to a Permitted Transferee permitted by Section 4.3(a)(i),
subject to the terms set forth therein. No other assignment of this Agreement or of any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by
any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of
this Agreement shall be null and void ab initio.

Section 6.8 Headings.
The Section, Article and other headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

28

Section 6.9 Amendments
and Waivers. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument or instruments in writing signed by each party
hereto. Any party hereto may, only by an instrument in writing, waive compliance by any other party or parties hereto with any term or
provision hereof on the part of such other party or parties hereto to be performed or complied with. No failure or delay of any party
in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right or
power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right or power. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any term or provision hereof shall not be construed
as a waiver of any subsequent breach. The rights and remedies of the parties hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights
or remedies that they would otherwise have hereunder.

Section 6.10 Interpretation;
Absence of Presumption.

(a) For
the purposes hereof: (i) words in the singular shall be held to include the plural and vice versa and words of one gender shall
be held to include the other gender as the context requires; (ii) the terms hereof, herein, and herewith
and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole (including all of the
Schedules and Exhibits) and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Article, Section, paragraph, Exhibit and Schedule
references are to the Articles, Sections, paragraphs, Exhibits, and Schedules to this Agreement unless otherwise specified; (iii) the
word including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall mean including, without limitation,
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise specified; and (iv) the word or shall not be exclusive.

(b) With
regard to each and every term and condition of this Agreement and any and all agreements and instruments subject to the terms hereof,
the parties hereto understand and agree that the same have or has been mutually negotiated, prepared and drafted, and if at any time
the parties hereto desire or are required to interpret or construe any such term or condition or any agreement or instrument subject
hereto, no consideration will be given to the issue of which party hereto actually prepared, drafted or requested any term or condition
of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument subject hereto.

Section 6.11 Severability.
Any provision hereof that is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, shall
be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, without affecting in any way the remaining provisions
hereof, provided, however, that the parties will attempt in good faith to reform this Agreement in a manner consistent
with the intent of any such ineffective provision for the purpose of carrying out such intent.

Section 6.12 Specific
Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage could occur and that the a party may not have any adequate remedy at
law in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their terms or were otherwise breached.
Accordingly, each party shall without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages or posting a bond be entitled to an injunction
or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms, provisions and covenants contained therein,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

29

Section 6.13 Corporate
Opportunities. Subject to the proviso set forth in the penultimate sentence of this Section 6.13, the Company, on behalf
of itself and its Subsidiaries, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (a) acknowledges and affirms that the Investors
or their Affiliates, portfolio companies and Representatives, including the Series B-3 Director and the Series B-3 Observer
(the Investor Group): (i) have participated (directly or indirectly) and will continue to participate (directly
or indirectly) in private equity, venture capital and other direct investments in corporations, joint ventures, limited liability companies
and other entities (Other Investments), including Other Investments engaged in various aspects of businesses similar
to those engaged in by the Company and its Subsidiaries (and related services businesses) that may, are or will be competitive with the
Companys or any of its Subsidiaries businesses or that could be suitable for the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries
interests, (ii) do business with any client, customer, vendor or lessor of any of the Company or its Affiliates or any other Person
with which any of the Company or its Affiliates has a business relationship, (iii) have interests in, participate with, aid and
maintain seats on the board of directors or similar governing bodies of, or serve as officers of, Other Investments, (iv) may develop
or become aware of business opportunities for Other Investments; and (v) may or will, as a result of or arising from the matters
referenced in this Section 6.13, the nature of the Investor Groups businesses and other factors, have conflicts of
interest or potential conflicts of interest, (b) hereby renounces and disclaims any interest or expectancy in any business opportunity
(including any Other Investments or any other opportunities that may arise in connection with the circumstances described in the foregoing
clauses (a)(i) through (a)(v) (each, a Renounced Business Opportunity)), (c) acknowledges and affirms
that no member of Investor Group, including the Series B-3 Director and the Series B-3 Observer, shall have any obligation
to communicate or offer any Renounced Business Opportunity to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and any member of Investor Group
may pursue a Renounced Business Opportunity and (d) waives any claim against the Investor Group and each member thereof in connection
with the foregoing, except, in the case of the foregoing clauses (b), (c) and (d), in the case of the Series B-3 Director,
for any such opportunity expressly offered to the Series B-3 Director solely in his or her capacity as a director of the Company.
The Company agrees that in the event that the Investor Group or any member thereof acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or matter
which may constitute a corporate opportunity for both (x) the Investor Group and (y) the Company or its Subsidiaries, a member
of the Investor Group shall not have any duty to offer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company
or its Subsidiaries, except in the case of the Series B-3 Director, for any such opportunity expressly offered to the Series B-3
Director solely in his or her capacity as a director of the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and except as
set forth in this Section 6.13, the Company hereby waives any claim against the Investor Group and each member thereof that
such member or the Investor Group is liable to the Company or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the
fact that the Investor Group or such member of the Investor Group (A) pursues or acquires any corporate opportunity for its own
account or the account of any Affiliate or other person, (B) directs, recommends, sells, assigns or otherwise transfers such corporate
opportunity to another Person or (C) does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company.

Section 6.14 Public
Announcement. Subject to each partys disclosure obligations imposed by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange
upon which its securities are listed, each of the parties hereto will cooperate with each other in the development and distribution of
all news releases and other public information disclosures with respect to this Agreement and any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, and neither the Company nor any Investor will make any such news release or public disclosure without first consulting
with the other, and, in each case, also receiving the others consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and
each party shall reasonably coordinate with the party whose consent is required with respect to any such news release or public disclosure.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6.14 shall not apply to any press release or other public statement made by the
Company or an Investor (a) that is consistent with prior disclosure and does not contain any information relating to the transactions
that has not been previously announced or made public in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (b) is made to its auditors,
attorneys, accountants, financial advisors, limited partners or other Permitted Transferees or (c) is made in accordance with Section 13(d) or
Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder.

30

Section 6.15 Indemnification.
In consideration of each Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, and acquiring the applicable Issued Shares and,
upon conversion of any Issued Shares, the Conversion Shares (collectively, the Shares), and without limiting any
of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless each Investor
and all of their shareholders, partners, affiliates, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any
of the foregoing Persons agents, managers, advisors or other representatives (including, without limitation, Magnetar Capital
LLC and White Hat Capital Partners LP) and all of their respective shareholders, partners, affiliates, members, officers, directors and
employees (collectively, the Indemnitees and each, an Indemnitee) from and against any and
all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees (including requests for plaintiffs attorneys
fee), liabilities and damages, and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses in connection herewith or in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder
is sought), and including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses (collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities),
actually incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, arising out of, or relating to any cause of action, suit, claim, subpoena or other
discovery request (and any appeals therefrom) brought or made against such Indemnitee, the Company or any of its affiliates (including
any officers or directors of the Company or its affiliates) and arising out of, resulting from, or relating to the acquisition of the
Shares, to the extent permitted under applicable law, and except for any claim asserted by the Company (other than a derivative action
brought on behalf of the Company) or any claim asserted by any Indemnitee against any other Indemnitee. The Company shall not be liable
for any settlement of any pending or threatened action or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and the Company shall have the right to settle any pending or threatened action
or proceeding in respect of which indemnity has been sought hereunder without the consent of any Indemnitee so long as any and all monetary
payments in connection therewith are paid by the Company and such settlement (i) includes a provision unconditionally releasing
the applicable Indemnitees from liability in respect thereof and (ii) contains no admission of liability on behalf of any Indemnitee
in respect thereof.

(The next page is the signature page)

31

The parties have caused this
Subscription and Exchange Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Subscription and Exchange
Agreement]

INVESTORS

MAGNETAR STRUCTURED CREDIT FUND, LP

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR LONGHORN FUND LP

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

PURPOSE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT FUND - F LLC

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

PURPOSE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT FUND - T LLC

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

[Signature Page to Subscription and Exchange
Agreement]

MAGNETAR LAKE CREDIT FUND LLC

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR ALPHA STAR FUND LLC

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR CAPITAL FUND II LP

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

[Signature Page to Subscription and Exchange
Agreement]

White Hat Strategic Partners LP

By: White Hat SP GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Mark Quinlan

Name: Mark Quinlan

Title: Managing Member

White Hat Strategic Partners II LP

By: White Hat SP GP II LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Mark Quinlan

Name: Mark Quinlan

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to Subscription and Exchange
Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

DEFINED TERMS

1. 
The following capitalized terms have the meanings indicated:

Activist Investor
means, as of any date, any Person (other than an Investor or any of its Affiliates, as of the date hereof) that has been identified on
the most recent SharkWatch 50 list, or any publicly disclosed Affiliate funds of any Person.

Affiliate
of any Person means any Person, directly or indirectly, Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with such Person.

Asset Sale Call Right
has the meaning set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Asset Sale Trigger
has the meaning set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Board of Directors
means the Companys board of directors.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law
or executive order to close or be closed.

Bylaws
means the Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, dated as of September 26, 2017, as the same may be further amended, supplemented
or restated.

Certificate of Incorporation
means the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 18,
2006, as the same may be further amended, supplemented or restated.

Code means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Control
(including its correlative meanings under common Control with, Controlled by and Controlling)
means, with respect to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of such Person, whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other interests, by contract or otherwise.

Conversion Price
has the meaning set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

DGCL means
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (as amended from time to time).

ERISA means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

ERISA Documents
means all material employment benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that are maintained or
sponsored by the Company or its Subsidiaries for the benefit of their respective current or former employees and with respect to which
the Company or its Subsidiaries have any liability.

A-1

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Existing Credit Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Fraud means
actual, not constructive, common law fraud (under the laws of the State of Delaware), committed with scienter, in the making of the representations
and warranties expressly given in this Agreement.

GAAP means
generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States.

Government Official
means any officer or employee of a foreign governmental authority or any department, agency, or instrumentality thereof, or of a public
international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any such foreign governmental authority or
department, agency, or instrumentality, or for or on behalf of any such public international organization, or any political party, party
official, or candidate thereof, excluding officials of the governments of the United States, the several states thereof, any local subdivision
of any of them or any agency, department or unit of any of the foregoing.

Governmental Entity
means any supranational, national, state, municipal, local or foreign government, any court, tribunal, arbitrator, administrative agency,
commission or other Government Official, authority or instrumentality.

Hazardous Substance
means any waste, substance, product or material defined or regulated as hazardous or toxic by
any applicable law, rule, regulation or order described in the definition of Requirements of Environmental Law, including
petroleum and any fraction thereof, and any radioactive materials and waste.

Indemnification Agreement
means the Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the Series B-3 Director dated as of December 17, 2024.

Investment Company
Act mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Liquidation Preference
has the meaning set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Magnetar Investors
means Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP, Magnetar Longhorn Fund LP, Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - F LLC, Purpose Alternative Credit
Fund - T LLC, Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC, Magnetar Alpha Star Fund LLC and Magnetar Capital Fund II LP.

A-2

Material Adverse Effect
means a material adverse effect upon the financial condition, assets, liabilities or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole; provided, however, that any such effect resulting or arising from or relating to any of the following
matters shall not be considered when determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur:
(a) any change, development, occurrence or event affecting the industry in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate; (b) any
conditions affecting the United States general economy or the general economy in any geographic area in which the Company or its Subsidiaries
operate or developments or changes therein or the financial and securities markets and credit markets in the United States or elsewhere
in the world; (c) political conditions, including the continuation, occurrence, escalation, outbreak or worsening of any hostilities,
war, political action, acts of terrorism, sabotage or military conflicts, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of an emergency or
war; (d) any conditions resulting from the existence, occurrence, continuation or worsening of any force majeure events, including
any earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, tropical storms, fires or other natural or manmade disasters, any epidemic, pandemic or
other similar outbreak (including any non-human epidemic, pandemic or other similar outbreak) or any other national, international or
regional calamity; (e) changes in any law, rule, regulation or GAAP; (f) changes in the market price or trading volume of the
Common Stock or any other equity, equity-related or debt securities of the Company or its Affiliates (it being understood that the underlying
circumstances, events or reasons giving rise to any such change can be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect
has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur); (g) any failure to meet any internal or public projections, forecasts, estimates
or guidance for any period (it being understood that the underlying circumstances, events or reasons giving rise to any such failure can
be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur); (h) the
announcement, execution or delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
the impact thereof on the relationships, contractual or otherwise, of the Company and its Subsidiaries with employees, suppliers, customers,
partners, vendors or any other third Person; (i) any actions taken by, or at the written request of, the Investors; and (j) any
action, suit or proceeding arising from allegations of breach of fiduciary duty or otherwise relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby by any stockholder of the Company; provided, that any of the matters described in clauses (a), (b) or
(c), will be taken into account for purposes of determining whether or not a Material Adverse Effect has occurred to the extent that such
matter disproportionately and adversely affects the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared with other companies operating
in the industry in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate.

Optional Repurchase
has the meaning set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Optional Repurchase
Date has the meaning set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Permitted Liens
means any liens incurred by the Investors or their respective Affiliates, restrictions arising under applicable federal and state securities
laws, or restrictions imposed by this Agreement, the Certificate of Designations or the Registration Rights Agreement.

Permitted Transferee
means (i) any investment fund, investment vehicle or account Controlled by any Investor or any Affiliate thereof, or (ii) any
shareholder, limited partner, limited liability company member, other equityholder or Affiliate of any Investor or any such investment
fund, investment vehicle or account thereof as a result of any distribution.

A-3

Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or unincorporated organization or a government
or agency or political subdivision thereof.

Personal Data
has the same meaning as personal data, personal information, or other analogous terms under Privacy Requirements,
including information that allows the identification of a natural person or any data that, if it were subject to unauthorized access,
would require notification under Privacy Requirements to the data subject.

Registration Rights
Agreement means the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement by and among the Company and the Investors, in the form
attached to the Agreement as Exhibit D.

Release
means any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration
into or through the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or within or upon
any building, structure, facility or fixture.

Representatives
means a Persons Affiliates, employees, agents, consultants, accountants, attorneys or financial advisors and direct or indirect
members or partners or Affiliates of the foregoing.

Requirements of Environmental
Law means all requirements imposed by any law, rule, regulation, or order of any governmental authority which relate to (a) the
environment, (b) the preservation or reclamation of natural resources, (c) the generation, management, Release or threatened
Release of any Hazardous Substance, or (d) health and safety matters.

Restricted Securities
means any equity security that constitutes a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); provided, however,
that such equity security will cease to be a Restricted Security upon the earliest to occur of the following events:

(a) such equity security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate
of the Company) pursuant to a registration statement that was effective under the Securities Act at the time of such sale or transfer;

(b) such equity security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate
of the Company) pursuant to an available exemption (including Rule 144) from the registration and prospectus-delivery requirements
of, or in a transaction not subject to, the Securities Act and, immediately after such sale or transfer, such equity security ceases to
constitute a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); and

A-4

(c) (i) such equity security is eligible for resale, by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company
and that has not been an Affiliate of the Company during the immediately preceding three (3) months, pursuant to Rule 144 without
any limitations thereunder as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current public information or notice; and (ii) the Company
has received such certificates or other documentation or evidence as the Company may reasonably require to determine that such equity
security is eligible for resale pursuant to clause (i) and the holder or beneficial owner of such equity security is not, and has
not been during the immediately preceding three (3) months, an Affiliate of the Company.

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents
means all reports, schedules, registration statements, proxy statements and other documents (including all amendments, exhibits and schedules
thereto) filed by the Company with the SEC on or after January 1, 2021.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Series A Preferred
Stock means the preferred stock of the Company titled Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.10
per share.

Series A-1 Preferred
Stock means the preferred stock of the Company titled Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.10 per share.

Series B Preferred
Stock means the preferred stock of the Company titled Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.10
per share.

Series B-1 Preferred
Stock means the preferred stock of the Company titled Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.10 per share.

Series B-2 Preferred
Stock means the preferred stock of the Company titled Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.10 per share.

Stock Plans
means the Companys 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, (a) any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a partnership or limited
liability company) of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the capital stock entitled (without regard to the
occurrence of any contingency, but after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers
voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of such corporation, association or other business
entity is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person; and (b) any
partnership or limited liability company where (x) more than fifty percent (50%) of the capital accounts, distribution rights, equity
and voting interests, or of the general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, of such partnership or limited liability company
are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person, whether in the
form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or limited liability company interests or otherwise; and (y) such Person
or any one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person is a controlling general partner of, or otherwise controls, such partnership
or limited liability company.

A-5

Tax and
Taxes means all federal, state, local and foreign taxes (including, without limitation, income, franchise, property,
sales, withholding, payroll and employment taxes), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Entity, including any
interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Tax Return
means any return, report or similar filing (including the attached schedules) filed or required to be filed with respect to Taxes (and
any amendments thereto), including any information return, claim for refund or declaration of estimated Taxes.

Transfer
means, with respect to the applicable securities, any direct or indirect (a) sale, transfer, hypothecation, assignment, gift, bequest
or disposition of such securities by any other means, whether for value or no value and whether voluntary or involuntary (including, without
limitation, by realization upon any lien or by operation of law or by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment, bankruptcy or other legal
or equitable proceedings, but excluding any conversion or exchange of securities in connection with a merger or other business combination
involving the Company) or (b) grant of any option, warrant or other right to purchase such securities. The term Transferred
shall have a correlative meaning.

Voting Agreement
means the separate Voting Agreements by and between the Company and each of the Investors, in the form attached to the Agreement as Exhibit G.

Voting Right Expiration
Date has the meaning set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

White Hat Investors
means White Hat Strategic Partners LP and White Hat Strategic Partners II LP.

2. The
following terms are defined in the Sections of the Agreement indicated:

INDEX OF TERMS

Term Section

2021 Exchange Shares Recitals

2024 Exchange Shares Recitals

Additional Shares Recitals

Additional Series B Shares Recitals

Additional Series B-1 Shares Recitals

Additional October 2024 Series B-2 Shares Recitals

Agreement Preamble

Applicable Matters 6.3(b)

Certificate of Designations 1.1

Certificate of Elimination 4.10

Chosen Court 6.3(b)

Closing 1.2

Closing Date 1.2

Common Stock 2.4(a)

Company Preamble

A-6

Confidential Information 4.8(b)

Conversion Shares 2.4(c)

Disclosure Schedule Article II

Exchange Recitals

Exchanged Additional Series B-1 Shares Recitals

Exchanged January 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares Recitals

Exchanged June 2024 Additional Series B-2 Shares Recitals

Exchanged Shares Recitals

Exchanged Series B Shares Recitals

Exchanged Series B-1 Shares Recitals

Exchanged Series B-2 Shares Recitals

Financial Statements 2.7

Indemnified Liabilities 6.15

Indemnitees 6.15

Investor Preamble

Investor Group 6.13

Issued Shares Recitals

January 2024 Additional Shares Recitals

June 2024 Additional Shares Recitals

March 2025 Additional Shares Recitals

October 2024 Additional Shares Recitals

Optional Call Date 4.9

Other Investments 6.13

Preferred Stock 2.4(a)

Prior Voting Agreement 4.11

Privacy Requirements 2.19

Purchased Series B Shares Recitals

Purchased Series B-1 Shares Recitals

Purchased Series B-2 Shares Recitals

Renounced Business Opportunity 6.13

Restraints 5.1(a)

Series B-3 Director 4.1

Series B-3 Observer 4.1

Series B-3 Preferred Stock Recitals

Shares 6.15

Standstill Termination Date 4.7

Subscription and Exchange Agreement Recitals

Transfer Notice 4.4(d)

Warrant 4.9

Warrants 4.9

A-7

Exhibit B

Investors

Investor 2024

Exchange

Shares 2021 

Exchange

Shares January 2024

Additional 

Shares June 2024

Additional

Shares October 2024

Additional

Shares March 2025

Additional

Shares Issued 

Shares 

Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP 10,580.70 25,551.25 1,438.79 1,290.46 777.22 792.77 40,431.19 

Magnetar Longhorn Fund LP 6,138.60 5,647.19 469.32 420.93 253.52 258.59 13,188.15 

Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - F LLC 3,178.50 17,589.63 827.00 741.74 446.74 455.67 23,239.28 

Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - T LLC 510.90 2,777.31 130.94 117.44 70.73 72.15 3,679.47 

Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC 5,678.40 41,011.60 1,859.22 1,667.53 1,004.33 1,024.42 52,245.50 

Magnetar Alpha Star Fund LLC 11,961.30 - 476.30 427.20 257.30 262.44 13,384.54 

Magnetar Capital Fund II LP 951.60 - 37.89 33.99 20.47 20.88 1,064.83 

White Hat Strategic Partners LP - 23,144.24 127.49 799.32 481.41 23.70 24,576.16 

White Hat Strategic Partners II LP 6,000.00 - 33.05 207.22 124.81 6.14 6,371.22 

Total: 45,000.00 115,721.22 5,400.00 5,705.83 3,436.53 2,916.76 178,180.34 

B-1

Exhibit C

Form of Certificate of Designations

C-1

Exhibit D

Form of Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement

D-1

Exhibit E

Disclosure Schedule

E-1

Exhibit F

Form of Warrant

F-1

Exhibit G

Form of Voting Agreement

G-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

FORM OF

COMTECH
TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

VOTING
AGREEMENT

VOTING
AGREEMENT

THIS
VOTING AGREEMENT (this Agreement), is made and entered into as of March 3, 2025, by and between Comtech Telecommunications
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the undersigned [Magnetar] / [White Hat] Investors (each, an Investor;
together, the Investors). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have their respective meanings set
forth in that certain Subscription and Exchange Agreement (the Subscription and Exchange Agreement), dated as of
March 3, 2025, by and among the Company, Investors, and certain other parties thereto.

RECITALS

A. The
Company has authorized a new series of its preferred stock titled the Series B-3
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.10 per share, with an initial stated value
of $1,104.48 per share (the Series B-3 Preferred Stock), in an
aggregate number of 178,180.34 shares;

B. Pursuant
to the Subscription and Exchange Agreement, the Investors will (i) exchange all shares
of Series B-2 Preferred Stock of the Company held thereby for an equal number of shares
of Series B-3 Preferred Stock and (ii) receive the number of additional Series B-3
Preferred Stock set forth opposite their name in the column titled March 2025
Additional Shares on Exhibit B attached to the Subscription and Exchange Agreement
(the Offering);

C. Pursuant
to the Certificate of Designations, Holders of the Series B-3 Preferred Stock generally
will have the right to vote on an as-converted basis together as a single class with the
holders of the Common Stock on each matter submitted for a vote or consent by the holders
of the Common Stock; and

D. In
connection with the Offering, the parties hereto desire to enter into this Agreement to set
forth their agreements and understandings with respect to how the shares of Series B-3
Preferred Stock and Common Stock held or owned, directly or indirectly, by them or over which
they exercise direct or indirect voting power, will be voted.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1. Voting

(a) At
each meeting of the stockholders of the Company (including, if applicable, through the execution of one or more written consents if stockholders
of the Company are requested to vote through the execution of an action by written consent in lieu of any such annual or special meeting
of stockholders of the Company) and at every postponement or adjournment thereof, the Investors shall vote, all of the shares of Series B-3
Preferred Stock or Conversion Shares beneficially owned by the Investors, in the aggregate (the Voting Shares),
and entitled to vote at such meeting of the stockholders (collectively, the Voting Investors), in the same proportion
as the vote of all holders (excluding the Voting Investors) of shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock or Common Stock, as applicable;
provided, however, such obligation shall only apply to a vote by the Voting Investors of the Voting Investors shares
of Series B-3 Preferred Stock or Conversion Shares, as applicable which exceeds [16.50%] [3.4999%]1 of the Companys
outstanding voting power, in the aggregate, as of January 22, 2024.

1

(b) The
Investors shall be present, in person or by proxy, at all meetings of the stockholders of the Company so that all Voting Shares may be
counted for the purposes of determining the presence of a quorum and voted in accordance with Section 1(a) at such meetings
(including at any adjournments or postponements thereof). The foregoing provision shall also apply to the execution by such Persons of
any consent in lieu of a meeting of holders of shares of Common Stock or Series B-3 Preferred Stock. Not later than five (5) Business
Days prior to each meeting of the Companys stockholders, the Investors shall vote in accordance with this Section 1.

(c) For
the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Section 1 shall not apply to the voting and consent rights of the holders
of Series B-3 Preferred Stock set forth in Section 9(b) of the Certificate of Designations.

(d) Nothing
in this Section 1 will prevent the designee of the Investors serving on the Board of Directors from taking any action while
acting in such designees capacity as a director of the Company in accordance with his or her fiduciary duties as a director.

2. Term.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date hereof and shall continue in effect until, and shall terminate automatically upon, such
time as the Investors and their Affiliates cease to beneficially own (i) the shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock, (ii) the
shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of the shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock and (iii) the Warrants and any shares
of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

3. Transfer
Restrictions.

3.1 Restrictions
on Transfer. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock and any Conversion Shares
are subject to the applicable restrictions on Transfer set forth in Section 4.3 of the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

3.2 Joinder.
Each Permitted Transferee of any shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock shall continue to be subject to the terms hereof, and as a
condition to any Transfer of Series B-3 Preferred Stock to a Permitted Transferee pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Subscription
and Exchange Agreement, such Permitted Transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms of this Agreement by
executing and delivering to the Company a joinder to this Agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company (a Joinder).
Upon the execution and delivery of a Joinder to the Company by any Permitted Transferee, such Permitted Transferee shall be deemed to
be a party hereto as if such Permitted Transferee were the Transferor and such Permitted Transferees signature appear on the signature
page to this Agreement. Any Transfer not made in compliance with the requirements of this Section 3.2 shall be null
and void ab initio.

3.3 Specific
Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage could occur and that a party may
not have any adequate remedy at law in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their
terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, each party shall without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages or posting
a bond be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms, provisions
and covenants contained therein, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

1
Magnetar Investors will be subject to the 16.5% cap and White Hat Investors will be subject
to a 3.4999% cap, respectively.

2

4. Representations
and Warranties. The Investors hereby represent and warrant, severally and not jointly, as follows:

4.1 Power
and Authority. Each Investor is a limited liability company or a limited partnership, duly formed,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and has all requisite limited liability company,
limited partnership or other entity power and authority necessary to own its properties and to carry on its business as presently conducted.

4.2 Due
Authorization. Each Investor is a limited liability company or a limited partnership, duly formed,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and has all requisite limited liability company,
limited partnership or other entity power and authority necessary to own its properties and to carry on its business as presently conducted.

4.3 Execution
and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by each Investor
and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of each Investor enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its terms,
except as the enforceability may be limited by applicable laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
similar legal requirement relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and except as the enforceability is subject to general
principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

4.4 No
Conflict. The authorization, execution, delivery and performance by each Investor of this Agreement,
and the consummation by Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (a) violate or result in the breach
of any provision of the organizational documents of Investor or (b) with such exceptions that have not had, and would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations
under this Agreement: (i) violate any provision of, constitute a breach of, or default under, any judgment, order, writ, or decree
applicable to such Investor or any material contract to which Investor is a party or (ii) violate any provision of, constitute
a breach of, or default under, any applicable state, federal or local law, rule or regulation.

5. Miscellaneous.

5.1 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. This Agreement may be assigned in connection with a Transfer of Series B-3 Preferred Stock to a Permitted Transferee
permitted by Section 4.3 of the Subscription and Exchange Agreement and subject to Section 3 hereof, subject
to the terms set forth therein. No other assignment of this Agreement or of any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party
hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this Agreement
shall be null and void ab initio.

5.2 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of Delaware, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the state of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the state of Delaware.

3

5.3 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and will become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by a party and delivered to the other parties. Copies of executed counterparts
of signature pages to this Agreement may be transmitted by PDF (portable document format) or facsimile and such PDFs or facsimiles
will be deemed as sufficient as if actual signature pages had been delivered.

5.4 Headings.
The Section, Article and other headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

5.5 Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given or made as follows: (a) if sent by registered or certified mail in the United States return receipt requested, upon receipt;
(b) if sent by nationally recognized overnight air courier, one (1) Business Day after mailing; (c) if sent by e-mail
transmission, with a copy sent on the same day in the manner provided in the foregoing clause (a) or (b), when transmitted and receipt
is confirmed; and (d) if otherwise actually personally delivered, when delivered, provided, that such notices, requests,
demands and other communications are delivered to the address set forth below, or to such other address as any party shall provide by
like notice to the other parties to this Agreement:

If
to the Company, to:

Comtech
Telecommunications Corp.

68 South Service Road, Suite 230

Melville,
NY 11747

E-mail:
don.walther@comtech.com

Attention: Don Walther

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Paul,
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, NY 10019-6064

E-mail: rrusso@paulweiss.com

Attention: Raphael M. Russo

If
to Investors, to the address set forth on the signature pages hereto

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

[Counsel
to the Magnetar Investors:

Willkie
Farr & Gallagher LLP

787
Seventh Avenue

New York, NY 10019-6099

E-mail: ehalperin@willkie.com; sewen@willkie.com

Attention: Eric Halperin; Sean Ewen]

[Counsel
to the White Hat Investors:

Schulte
Roth & Zabel LLP

919
Third Avenue

New York, NY 10022

E-mail: Eleazer.Klein@srz.com

Attention: Eleazer Klein]

4

5.6 Amendments
and Waivers. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument or instruments in writing signed by each party
hereto. Any party hereto may, only by an instrument in writing, waive compliance by any other party or parties hereto with any term or
provision hereof on the part of such other party or parties hereto to be performed or complied with. If, and whenever on or after the
date hereof during the term of this Agreement, the Company amends, modifies or waives any term, condition or other provision of the Voting
Agreement entered into by and between the Company and the [White Hat] / [Magnetar] Investors in substantially the same form as this Agreement
(the [White Hat] / [Magnetar] Voting Agreement), that is more favorable to the [White Hat] / [Magnetar]
Investors than those terms, conditions or other provisions included in this Agreement with respect to the Investors, then (i) the
Company shall provide written notice thereof to the Investors promptly following the occurrence thereof and (ii) the terms, conditions
and other provisions of this Agreement shall be, without any further action by the Investors or the Company, automatically amended and
modified in an economically and legally equivalent manner such that the Investors shall receive the benefit of the more favorable terms,
conditions and other provisions set forth in the [White Hat] / [Magnetar] Voting Agreement, as such agreement has been so amended, modified
or waived, provided that upon written notice to the Company within ten (10) Business Days following receipt of notice from the Company
of such amendment, modification or waiver, the Investors may elect not to accept the benefit of any such amended, modified or waived
terms, conditions or other provisions, in which event the terms, conditions or other provisions contained in this Agreement shall apply
to the Investors as it was in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or waiver as if such amendment, modification or
waiver never occurred with respect to the Investors. The foregoing shall apply similarly and equally to each amendment, modification
or waiver of the [White Hat] / [Magnetar] Voting Agreement. No failure or delay of any party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance
of steps to enforce such right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.
The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any term or provision hereof shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach.
The rights and remedies of the parties hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise
have hereunder.

5.7 Severability.
Any provision hereof that is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, shall
be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, without affecting in any way the remaining provisions
hereof, provided, however, that the parties will attempt in good faith to reform this Agreement in a manner consistent
with the intent of any such ineffective provision for the purpose of carrying out such intent.

5.8 Entire
Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiary. This Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, the Subscription and Exchange Agreement and
the Registration Rights Agreement contain the entire agreement by and among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
all prior negotiations, writings and understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended
to confer upon any Person not a party hereto (or their successors and permitted assigns) any rights or remedies hereunder.

5.9 Dispute
Resolution. Any dispute relating hereto shall be heard first in the Delaware Court of Chancery, and, if applicable, in any state
or federal court located in of Delaware in which appeal from the Court of Chancery may validly be taken under the laws of the State of
Delaware (each a Chosen Court and collectively, the Chosen Courts), and the parties agree to
the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Chosen Courts. Such Persons further agree that any proceeding seeking to enforce any provision
of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or by any matters
related to the foregoing (the Applicable Matters) shall be brought exclusively in a Chosen Court, and that any proceeding
arising out of this Agreement or any other Applicable Matter shall be deemed to have arisen from a transaction of business in the state
of Delaware, and each of the foregoing Persons hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such Chosen Courts in any such proceeding
and irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that such Person may now or hereafter
have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such Chosen Court or that any such proceeding brought in
any such Chosen Court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

5

5.10 Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO, FOR ITSELF AND ITS AFFILIATES, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR OTHER PROCEEDING (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

[Signature
Page Follows]

6

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

[INVESTORS]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Voting Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

BY AND AMONG

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.,

AND

THE ENTITIES LISTED ON EXHIBIT B HERETO

Dated as of March 3, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I Resale Shelf Registration 1

Section 1.1. Resale Shelf Registration Statement 1

Section 1.2. Effectiveness Period 2

Section 1.3. Subsequent Shelf Registration 2

Section 1.4. Supplements and Amendments 2

Section 1.5. Subsequent Holder Notice 2

Section 1.6. Underwritten Offering 3

Section 1.7. Take-Down Notice 3

ARTICLE II Company Registration 4

Section 2.1. Notice of Registration 4

Section 2.2. Underwriting 4

Section 2.3. Right to Terminate Registration 5

ARTICLE III Additional Provisions Regarding Registration Rights 5

Section 3.1. Registration Procedures 5

Section 3.2. Limitation on Subsequent Registration Rights 8

Section 3.3. Expenses of Registration 8

Section 3.4. Information by Holders 8

Section 3.5. Rule 144 Reporting 9

ARTICLE IV Indemnification 10

Section 4.1. Indemnification by Company 10

Section 4.2. Indemnification by Holders 11

Section 4.3. Notification 12

Section 4.4. Contribution 12

ARTICLE V Termination of Registration Rights; ASSIGNMENT 13

Section 5.1. Termination of Registration Rights 13

Section 5.2. Assignment 13

i

ARTICLE VI Miscellaneous 13

Section 6.1. Counterparts 13

Section 6.2. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial 13

Section 6.3. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiary 14

Section 6.4. Expenses 14

Section 6.5. Notices 14

Section 6.6. Successors and Assigns 15

Section 6.7. Headings 15

Section 6.8. Amendments and Waivers 15

Section 6.9. Interpretation; Absence of Presumption 16

Section 6.10. Severability 16

ii

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is entered into as of March 3, 2025, by and among Comtech Telecommunications Corp.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the entities that are listed on Exhibit B attached hereto
(each, an Investor and collectively, the Investors). Capitalized terms used but not defined
elsewhere herein are defined in Exhibit A.

Concurrently with this Agreement,
the Company is entering into a Subscription and Exchange Agreement with the Investors (as amended from time to time, the Subscription
and Exchange Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) all Investors that own Series B-2 Preferred
Stock are (x) exchanging such shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock for shares of a newly-created series of shares of preferred
stock of the Company titled Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, with a par value of $0.10 per share (the Series B-3
Preferred Stock) and (y) receiving the number of additional Series B-3 Preferred Stock set forth opposite their
name in the column titled March 2025 Additional Shares on Exhibit B attached to the Subscription and Exchange
Agreement and (ii) certain Investors may be issued warrants (the Warrants) by the Company to acquire shares
of Common Stock after the date hereof.

As a condition to each of
the parties obligations under the Subscription and Exchange Agreement, the Company and the Investors are entering into this Agreement
for the purpose of granting certain registration and other rights to the Investors.

In consideration of the premises
and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

Resale
Shelf Registration

Section 1.1. Resale
Shelf Registration Statement. Subject to the other applicable provisions of this Agreement, upon the written request of any Investor,
the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to file within sixty (60) days of such request a registration statement covering the
sale or distribution from time to time by the Holders, on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 of the Securities Act
of all of the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable
Securities on Form S-3, then such registration shall be on another appropriate form and shall provide for the registration of such
Registrable Securities for resale by such Holders in accordance with any reasonable method of distribution elected by the Holders) (the
Resale Shelf Registration Statement and such registration, the Resale Shelf Registration),
and if the Company is a WKSI as of the filing date, the Resale Shelf Registration Statement shall be an Automatic Shelf Registration
Statement. If the Resale Shelf Registration Statement is not an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement, then the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause such Resale Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission as promptly as practicable
after the filing thereof, but in any event prior to the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days after the original request made pursuant
to this Section 1.1.

1

Section 1.2. Effectiveness
Period. Once declared effective, the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days thereof, file a prospectus supplement pursuant
to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act and, subject to the other applicable provisions of this Agreement, use its reasonable
best efforts to cause the Resale Shelf Registration Statement to be continuously effective and usable until such time as there are no
longer any Registrable Securities (the Effectiveness Period).

Section 1.3. Subsequent
Shelf Registration. If (i) any Shelf Registration ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time
during the Effectiveness Period, or (ii) the Company issues additional Registrable Securities to a Holder that are not covered by
any previously filed Shelf Registration, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to, in the case of clause (i), promptly cause
such Shelf Registration to again become effective under the Securities Act (including obtaining the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending
the effectiveness of such Shelf Registration), and in any event shall within thirty (30) days of such cessation of effectiveness, amend
such Shelf Registration in a manner reasonably expected to obtain the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf
Registration or, in the case of clause (i) or (ii), file a post-effective amendment to a previously filed registration statement
or file an additional registration statement (each, a Subsequent Shelf Registration) for an offering to be made
on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 of the Securities Act registering the resale from time to time by Holders
thereof of all securities that are Registrable Securities as of the time of such filing. If a Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed,
the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to (a) cause such Subsequent Shelf Registration to become effective under the
Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after such filing, but in no event later than the date that is ninety (90) days
after such Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed and (b) keep such Subsequent Shelf Registration (or another Subsequent Shelf Registration)
continuously effective until the end of the Effectiveness Period. Any such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be a Registration Statement
on Form S-3 to the extent that the Company is eligible to use such form, and if the Company is a WKSI as of the filing date, such
Registration Statement shall be an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement. Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be on
another appropriate form and shall provide for the registration of such Registrable Securities for resale by such Holders in accordance
with any reasonable method of distribution elected by the Holders.

Section 1.4. Supplements
and Amendments. The Company shall supplement and amend any Shelf Registration if required by the rules, regulations or instructions
applicable to the registration form used by the Company for such Shelf Registration if required by the Securities Act or as reasonably
requested by the Holders covered by such Shelf Registration.

Section 1.5. Subsequent
Holder Notice. If a Person becomes a Holder of Registrable Securities after a Shelf Registration becomes effective under the Securities
Act, the Company shall, as promptly as is reasonably practicable following delivery of written notice to the Company of such Person becoming
a Holder and requesting for its name to be included as a selling securityholder in the prospectus related to the Shelf Registration (a
Subsequent Holder Notice):

2

(a) if
required and permitted by applicable law, file with the Commission a supplement to the related prospectus or a post-effective amendment
to the Shelf Registration so that such Holder is named as a selling securityholder in the Shelf Registration and the related prospectus
in such a manner as to permit such Holder to deliver a prospectus to purchasers of the Registrable Securities in accordance with applicable
law;

(b) if,
pursuant to Section 1.5(a), the Company shall have filed a post-effective amendment to the Shelf Registration that is not
automatically effective, use its reasonable best efforts to cause such post-effective amendment to become effective under the Securities
Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable, but in any event by the date that is ninety (90) days after the date such post-effective
amendment is required by Section 1.5(a) to be filed; and

(c) notify
such Holder as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the effectiveness under the Securities Act of any post-effective amendment
filed pursuant to Section 1.5(a).

Section 1.6. Underwritten
Offering. The Holders of Registrable Securities may on up to three (3) occasions after the Resale Shelf Registration Statement
becomes effective deliver a written notice to the Company (with copy to the other Holders) specifying that the sale of some or all of
the Registrable Securities subject to the Shelf Registration is intended to be conducted through an underwritten offering, so long as
the anticipated gross proceeds of such underwritten offering is not less than twenty million dollars ($20,000,000) (unless the Holders
are proposing to sell all of their remaining Registrable Securities) (the Underwritten Offering). In the event of
an Underwritten Offering:

(a) The
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities participating in the Underwritten Offering shall select the managing underwriter
or underwriters to administer the Underwritten Offering; provided, that the choice of such managing underwriter or underwriters
shall be subject to the written consent of the Company, which is not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(b) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Section 1.6, if the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering
advises the Board of Directors of the Company that in its or their opinion the number of Registrable Securities requested to be included
in such Underwritten Offering exceeds the number which can be sold in such Underwritten Offering in light of market conditions, the Registrable
Securities shall be included on a pro rata basis upon the number of securities that each Holder shall have requested to be included in
such offering. If any Holder disapproves of the terms of any such underwriting, such Holder may elect to withdraw therefrom by written
notice to the Company and the managing underwriter or underwriters.

Section 1.7. Take-Down
Notice. Subject to the other applicable provisions of this Agreement, at any time that any Shelf Registration Statement is effective,
if a Holder delivers a notice to the Company (a Take-Down Notice) stating that it intends to effect a sale or distribution
of all or part of its Registrable Securities included by it on any Shelf Registration Statement (a Shelf Offering)
and stating the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Shelf Offering, then, subject to the other applicable provisions
of this Agreement, the Company shall amend or supplement the Shelf Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to enable such
Registrable Securities to be sold and distributed pursuant to the Shelf Offering.

3

ARTICLE II

Company
Registration

Section 2.1. Notice
of Registration. If at any time or from time to time the Company shall determine to file a registration statement with respect to
an offering (or to make an underwritten public offering pursuant to a previously filed registration statement) of its Common Stock, whether
or not for its own account (other than (i) a registration statement on Form S-4, Form S-8 or any successor forms, (ii) a
registration relating solely to employment benefit plans, (iii) a registration the primary purpose of which is to register debt
securities, or (iv) a registration on any form that does not include substantially the same information as would be required to
be included in a registration statement covering the sale of Registrable Securities), the Company will:

(a) promptly
give to each Holder written notice thereof, which notice shall be given, to the extent reasonably practicable, no later than five (5) Business
Days prior to the filing or launch date (except in the case of an offering that is an overnight offering, in which case
such notice must be given no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the filing or launch date); and

(b) subject
to Section 2.2, include in such registration or underwritten offering (and any related qualification under blue sky laws
or other compliance) all the Registrable Securities specified in a written request or requests made within three (3) Business Days
after receipt of such written notice from the Company by any Holder (except in the case of an offering that is an overnight offering,
in which case such notice must be given no later than one (1) Business Day after receipt of such written notice from the Company).

Section 2.2. Underwriting.
The right of any Holder to registration pursuant to Section 1.6 or this Article II shall be conditioned upon
such Holders participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent
provided herein. Each Holder proposing to distribute its securities through such underwriting shall (together with the Company and the
other holders distributing their securities through such underwriting) enter into and perform such Holders obligations under an
underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter selected for such underwriting by the Company or by the stockholders of the Company
who have the right to select the underwriters (such underwriting agreement to be in the form negotiated by the Company or such stockholders,
as the case may be). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article II, if the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering with respect to which Holders of Registrable Securities have exercised their piggyback registration
rights advise the Board of Directors of the Company that in its or their opinion the number of Registrable Securities requested to be
included in the offering thereby and all other securities proposed to be sold in the offering exceeds the number which can be sold in
such underwritten offering in light of market conditions, the Registrable Securities and such other securities to be included in such
underwritten offering shall be allocated, (a) first, (i) in the event such offering was initiated by the Company, up to the
total number of securities that the Company has requested to be included in such registration and (ii) in the event such offering
was initiated by the holders of securities (other than the Holders) who have exercised their demand registration rights, up to the total
number of securities that such holders of such securities have requested to be included in such offering, (b) second, and only if
all the securities referred to in clause (a) have been included, up to the total number of securities that the Holders and other
holders of securities that have contractual rights to be included in such registration have requested to be included in such offering
(pro rata based upon the number of securities that each of them shall have requested to be included in such offering) and (c) third,
and only if all the securities referred to in clause (b) have been included, all other securities proposed to be included in such
offering that, in the opinion of the managing underwriter or underwriters can be sold without having such adverse effect. If any Holder
disapproves of the terms of any such underwriting, such Holder may elect to withdraw therefrom by written notice to the Company and the
managing underwriter or underwriters. Any securities excluded or withdrawn from such underwriting shall be withdrawn from such registration.

4

Section 2.3. Right
to Terminate Registration. The Company or the holders of securities who have caused a registration statement to be filed as contemplated
by this Article II, as the case may be, shall have the right to have any registration initiated by it or them under this
Article II terminated or withdrawn prior to the effectiveness thereof, whether or not any Holder has elected to include securities
in such registration.

ARTICLE III

Additional
Provisions Regarding Registration Rights

Section 3.1. Registration
Procedures. In the case of each registration effected by the Company pursuant to Article I or II, the Company
will keep each Holder participating in such Registration reasonably informed as to the status thereof and, at its expense, the Company
will:

(a) prepare
and file with the Commission a registration statement with respect to such securities in accordance with the applicable provisions of
this Agreement, provided that no Holder shall be identified as an underwriter in any such registration statement without the prior written
consent of such Holder;

(b) prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements to such registration statement and
the prospectus used in connection with such registration statement as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of the Securities
Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such registration statement (including to permit the intended method
of distribution thereof) and as may be necessary to keep the registration statement continuously effective for the period set forth in
this Agreement;

(c) furnish
to the Holders participating in such registration and to their legal counsel copies of the registration statement proposed to be filed,
and provide such Holders and their legal counsel the reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such registration statement;

(d) furnish
to the Holders participating in such registration and to the underwriters of the securities being registered such reasonable number of
copies of the registration statement, preliminary prospectus and final prospectus as the such underwriters may reasonably request in
order to facilitate the public offering of such securities;

5

(e) use
reasonable best efforts to notify each Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement at any time when a prospectus
relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities Act of the Companys knowledge of the happening of any event
as a result of which the prospectus included in such registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or incomplete
in the light of the circumstances then existing, and, subject to Section 3.1(n), at the request of any such Holder, prepare
promptly and furnish to such Holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary
so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchaser of such shares, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or incomplete
in the light of the circumstances then existing;

(f) use
reasonable best efforts to register and qualify the securities covered by such registration statement under such other securities or
blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the Holders; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service
of process in any such states or jurisdictions;

(g) in
the event that the Registrable Securities are being offered in an underwritten public offering, enter into and perform its obligations
under an underwriting agreement on customary terms and in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement;

(h) in
connection with an underwritten public offering, cause its officers to use their reasonable best efforts to support the marketing of
the Registrable Securities covered by such offering (including participation in road shows or other similar marketing efforts);

(i) if
such securities are being sold through underwriters, (i) furnish, on the date that such Registrable Securities are delivered to
the underwriters, an opinion, dated as of such date, of the legal counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such registration,
in form and substance as is customarily given to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the underwriters, if any,
and a negative assurance letter, dated as of such date, of the legal counsel representing the Company for purposes of such
registration, in form and substance as is customarily given to underwriters and (ii) furnish, on the date of the underwriting agreement
and on the date that the Registrable Securities are delivered to the underwriters, a letter dated as of such date, from the independent
certified public accountants of the Company, in form and substance as is customarily given by independent certified public accountants
to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the underwriters;

(j) use
reasonable best efforts to list the Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement with any securities exchange on which
the Common Stock is then listed;

6

(k) in
connection with a customary due diligence review, make available for inspection by the Holders, any underwriter participating in any
such disposition of Registrable Securities, if any, and any counsel or accountants retained by the Holders or underwriter (collectively,
the Offering Persons), all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company
and its subsidiaries, and cause the officers, directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to supply all information and
participate in customary due diligence sessions in each case reasonably requested by any such representative, underwriter, counsel or
accountant in connection with such registration statement, subject to customary confidentiality obligations to be agreed with the Offering
Persons;

(l) cooperate
with the Holders and each underwriter or agent participating in the disposition of Registrable Securities and their respective counsel
in connection with any filings required to be made with FINRA;

(m) as
promptly as is reasonably practicable notify the Holders (i) when the prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment has been filed and, with respect to such registration statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective,
(ii) of any request by the Commission or other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to such registration
statement or related prospectus or to amend or to supplement such prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance
by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such registration statement or the initiation of any proceedings
for such purpose, (iv) if at any time the Company has reason to believe that the representations and warranties of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries contained in any agreement (including any underwriting agreement contemplated by Section 3.1(g) above)
cease to be true and correct or (v) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification
or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of
any proceeding for such purpose;

(n) notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to effect any Underwritten Offering or Shelf Offering within
thirty (30) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the date of filing of a registration statement for an underwritten
public offering of the Companys securities and for such a period of time after such a filing as the managing underwriters request,
provided that such period shall not exceed ninety (90) days from the closing date of any such underwritten public offering and provided
further that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Holders shall be entitled to the rights set forth in Section 2.1 with respect
to any such underwritten offering; and

(o) notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if the Board of Directors of the Company has determined in good faith that the disclosure necessary
for continued use of the prospectus and registration statement by the Holders could be materially detrimental to the Company, the Company
shall have the right not to file or not to cause the effectiveness of any registration covering any Registrable Securities and to suspend
the use of the prospectus and the registration statement covering any Registrable Security for such period of time as its use would be
materially detrimental to the Company by delivering written notice of such suspension to all Holders listed on the Companys records;
provided, however, that in any 12-month period the Company may exercise the right to such suspension not more than twice.
From and after the date of a notice of suspension under this Section 3.1(o), each Holder agrees not to use the prospectus
or registration statement until the earlier of (i) notice from the Company that such suspension has been lifted or (ii) the
day following the sixtieth (60th) day of suspension, at which time the Company shall be required to lift such suspension.

7

Section 3.2. Limitation
on Subsequent Registration Rights. From and after the date hereof, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities, enter into any agreement with any holder or prospective holder of any securities
of the Company that would (i) allow such holder or prospective holder to include such securities in any registration unless, under
the terms of such agreement, such holder or prospective holder may include such securities in any such registration only to the extent
that the inclusion of such securities will not reduce the number of the Registrable Securities of the Holders that are included; (ii) allow
such holder or prospective holder to initiate a demand for registration of any securities held by such holder or prospective holder;
or (iii) otherwise conflict with the rights granted to the Holders herein.

Section 3.3. Expenses
of Registration. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with any registration pursuant to Article I or II
shall be borne by the Company. All Selling Expenses relating to securities registered on behalf of the Holders shall be borne by
the Holders of the registered securities included in such registration.

Section 3.4. Information
by Holders. The Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities included in any registration shall furnish to the Company such information
regarding such Holder or Holders and their respective Affiliates, the Registrable Securities held by them and the distribution proposed
by such Holder or Holders and their respective Affiliates as the Company may reasonably request in writing and as shall be required in
connection with any registration, qualification or compliance referred to in this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that the obligations
of the Company under Article I or II are conditioned on the timely provisions of the foregoing information by such
Holder or Holders and, without limitation of the foregoing, will be conditioned on compliance by such Holder or Holders with the following:

(a) such
Holder or Holders will, and will cause their respective Affiliates to, cooperate with the Company in connection with the preparation
of the applicable registration statement, and for so long as the Company is obligated to keep such registration statement effective,
such Holder or Holders will and will cause their respective Affiliates to, provide to the Company, in writing and in a timely manner,
for use in such registration statement (and expressly identified in writing as such), all information regarding themselves and their
respective Affiliates and such other information as may be required by applicable law to enable the Company to prepare such registration
statement and the related prospectus covering the applicable Registrable Securities owned by such Holder or Holders and to maintain the
currency and effectiveness thereof;

(b) during
such time as such Holder or Holders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a distribution of the Registrable Securities, such
Holder or Holders will, and they will cause their respective Affiliates to, comply with all laws applicable to such distribution, including
Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act, and, to the extent required by such laws, will, and will cause their respective Affiliates
to, among other things: (i) not engage in any stabilization activity in connection with the securities of the Company in contravention
of such laws; (ii) distribute the Registrable Securities acquired by it solely in the manner described in the applicable registration
statement; and (iii) if required by applicable law, cause to be furnished to each agent or broker-dealer to or through whom such
Registrable Securities may be offered, or to the offeree if an offer is made directly by such Holder or Holders or their respective Affiliates,
such copies of the applicable prospectus (as amended and supplemented to such date) and documents incorporated by reference therein as
may be required by such agent, broker-dealer or offeree;

8

(c) such
Holder or Holders shall, and they shall cause their respective Affiliates to, permit the Company and its representatives and agents to
examine such documents and records and will supply in a timely manner any information as they may be reasonably request to provide in
connection with the offering or other distribution of Registrable Securities by such Holder or Holders; and

(d) on
receipt of written notice from the Company of the happening of any of the events specified in Section 3.1(m) or Section 3.1(o),
or that requires the suspension by such Holder or Holders and their respective Affiliates of the distribution of any of the Registrable
Securities owned by such Holder or Holders, then such Holders shall, and they shall cause their respective Affiliates to, cease offering
or distributing the Registrable Securities owned by such Holder or Holders until the offering and distribution of the Registrable Securities
owned by such Holder or Holders may recommence in accordance with the terms hereof and applicable law.

Section 3.5. Rule 144
Reporting. With a view to making available the benefits of Rule 144 to the Holders, the Company agrees that, for so long as
a Holder owns Registrable Securities, the Company will use reasonable best efforts to:

(a) make
and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

(b) file
with the Commission in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act; and

(c) so
long as a Holder owns any Restricted Securities, furnish to the Holder forthwith upon written request a written statement by the Company
as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

9

ARTICLE IV

Indemnification

Section 4.1. Indemnification
by Company. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company will, with respect to any Registrable Securities as to which registration
or qualification or compliance under applicable blue sky laws has been effected pursuant to this Agreement, indemnify each
Holder, each Holders current and former officers, directors, partners and members, and each Person controlling such Holder within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, and each underwriter thereof, if any, and each Person who controls any such underwriter
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (collectively, the Company Indemnified Parties), against
all expenses, claims, losses, damages and liabilities, joint or several, (or actions in respect thereof) arising out of or based on any
untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained in any registration statement, prospectus, preliminary prospectus,
offering circular or other document, or any amendment or supplement thereto incident to any such registration, qualification or compliance
or based on any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, or any violation by the Company of any rule or
regulation promulgated under the Securities Act, Exchange Act or state securities laws applicable to the Company in connection with any
such registration, and the Company will reimburse each of the Company Indemnified Parties for any reasonable legal and any other expenses
reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action, as such
expenses are incurred. The indemnity agreement contained in this Section 4.1 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement
of any loss, claim, damage, liability or action if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), nor shall the Company be liable to a Holder in any such case for any such loss,
claim, damage, liability or action (a) to the extent that it arises out of or is based upon a violation or alleged violation of
any state or federal law (including any claim arising out of or based on any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission in the registration statement or prospectus) which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished expressly for use in connection with such registration by or on behalf of any Holder or (b) in the case of a sale directly
by a Holder of Registrable Securities (including a sale of such Registrable Securities through any underwriter retained by such Holder
engaging in a distribution solely on behalf of such Holder), such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission was corrected in a final or amended prospectus, and such Holder failed to deliver a copy of the final or amended prospectus
at or prior to the confirmation of the sale of the Registrable Securities to the Person asserting any such loss, claim, damage or liability
in any case in which such delivery is required by the Securities Act.

10

Section 4.2. Indemnification
by Holders. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Holder will, if identified as a selling stockholder as to which such
registration or qualification or compliance under applicable blue sky laws is being effected, indemnify, severally and
not jointly, the Company, each of its current and former directors, officers, partners and members, and each Person who controls the
Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (collectively, the Holder Indemnified Parties),
against all expenses, claims, losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arising out of or based on any untrue statement
(or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained in any registration statement, prospectus, preliminary prospectus, offering
circular or other document, or any amendment or supplement thereto incident to any such registration, qualification or compliance or
based on any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, or any violation by such Holder of any rule or regulation
promulgated under the Securities Act, Exchange Act or state securities law applicable to such Holder, and will reimburse each of the
Holder Indemnified Parties for any reasonable legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing
or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action, as such expenses are incurred, in each case to the extent, but only to
the extent, that such untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) or omission (or alleged omission) is made in such registration statement,
prospectus, offering circular or other document in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company
by such Holder and stated to be specifically for use therein, provided, however, that in no event shall any indemnity
under this Section 4.2 payable by a Holder exceed the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such Holder from
the sale of Registrable Securities included in such registration exceeds the amount of any other losses, expenses, settlements, damages,
claims and liabilities that such Holder has been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or
alleged omission or violation. The indemnity agreement contained in this Section 4.2 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement
of any loss, claim, damage, liability or action if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the applicable Holder
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), nor shall the Holder be liable for any such loss, claim, damage, liability
or action where such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was corrected in a final or amended
prospectus, and the Company or the underwriters failed to deliver a copy of the final or amended prospectus at or prior to the confirmation
of the sale of the Registrable Securities to the Person asserting any such loss, claim, damage or liability in any case in which such
delivery is required by the Securities Act

11

Section 4.3. Notification.
Each party entitled to indemnification under this Article IV (the Indemnified Party) shall give written
notice to the party required to provide indemnification (the Indemnifying Party) promptly after such Indemnified
Party has actual knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought, and shall permit the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense
of any such claim or any litigation resulting therefrom, provided, however, that counsel for the Indemnifying Party, who
shall conduct the defense of such claim or litigation, shall be approved by the Indemnified Party (whose approval shall not unreasonably
be withheld or delayed), and the Indemnified Party may participate in such defense at such partys expense; provided, further,
however, that an Indemnified Party (together with all other Indemnified Parties) shall have the right to retain one (1) separate
counsel, with the reasonable fees and expenses to be paid by the Indemnifying Party, if representation of such Indemnified Party by the
counsel retained by the Indemnifying Party would be reasonably inappropriate due to conflicting interests between such Indemnified Party
and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject
to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed). The failure of any Indemnified Party to give notice as provided herein shall relieve the Indemnifying Party
of its obligations under this Article IV, only to the extent that, the failure to give such notice is materially prejudicial
or harmful to an Indemnifying Partys ability to defend such action. No Indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such claim or
litigation, shall, except with the prior written consent of each Indemnified Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed), consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the
giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.
The indemnity agreements contained in this Article IV shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any loss, claim, damage,
liability or action if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The indemnification set forth in this Article IV shall be in addition to any other indemnification
rights or agreements that an Indemnified Party may have.

Section 4.4. Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in this Article IV is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to
an Indemnified Party, other than pursuant to its terms, with respect to any claim, loss, damage, liability or action referred to therein,
then, subject to the limitations contained in Article IV, the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified
Party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such claim, loss, damage, liability
or action in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party on the one hand and the Indemnified
Party on the other in connection with the actions that resulted in such claims, loss, damage, liability or action, as well as any other
relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and of the Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference
to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a material fact related
to information supplied by the Indemnifying Party or by the Indemnified Party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Holders agree that it would not
be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4.4 were based solely upon the number of entities from whom
contribution was requested or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred
to above in this Section 4.4. In no event shall any Holders contribution obligation under this Section 4.4
exceed the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities included in
such registration exceeds the amount of any other losses, expenses, settlements, damages, claims and liabilities that such Holder has
been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission or violation. No Person guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

12

ARTICLE V

Termination
of Registration Rights; ASSIGNMENT

Section 5.1. Termination
of Registration Rights. The rights of any particular Holder to cause the Company to register securities under Articles I and
II shall terminate with respect to such Holder upon the date upon which such Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities.

Section 5.2. Assignment.
The rights under this Agreement may be assigned (but only with all related obligations) by a Holder to any Permitted Transferee in
connection with any permitted transfer pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Subscription and Exchange Agreement, assignment or
other conveyance of Registrable Securities (other than a transfer pursuant to a registration statement or under Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act); provided, however, that (x) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer,
furnished with written notice of the name and address of such transferee and the Registrable Securities with respect to which such rights
are being transferred; and (y) such transferee agrees in a written instrument delivered to the Company to be bound by and subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

ARTICLE VI

Miscellaneous.

Section 6.1. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and will become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by a party and delivered to the other parties. Copies of executed counterparts
transmitted by telecopy, telefax or other electronic transmission service shall be considered original executed counterparts for purposes
of this Section 6.1, provided that receipt of copies of such counterparts is confirmed.

Section 6.2. Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice
of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the state of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the state of Delaware.

(b) Any
dispute relating hereto shall be heard first in the Delaware Court of Chancery, and, if applicable, in any state or federal court located
in of Delaware in which appeal from the Court of Chancery may validly be taken under the laws of the State of Delaware (each a Chosen
Court and collectively, the Chosen Courts), and the parties agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue
of the Chosen Courts. Such Persons further agree that any proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising
out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or by any matters related to the foregoing (the
Applicable Matters) shall be brought exclusively in a Chosen Court, and that any proceeding arising out of this
Agreement or any other Applicable Matter shall be deemed to have arisen from a transaction of business in the state of Delaware, and
each of the foregoing Persons hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such Chosen Courts in any such proceeding and irrevocably
and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that such Person may now or hereafter have to the laying
of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such Chosen Court or that any such proceeding brought in any such Chosen Court
has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

(c) Such
Persons further covenant not to bring a proceeding with respect to the Applicable Matters (or that could affect any Applicable Matter)
other than in such Chosen Court and not to challenge or enforce in another jurisdiction a judgment of such Chosen Court.

(d) Process
in any such proceeding may be served on any Person with respect to such Applicable Matters anywhere in the world, whether within or without
the jurisdiction of any such Chosen Court. Without limiting the foregoing, each such Person agrees that service of process on such party
as provided in Section 6.5 shall be deemed effective service of process on such Person.

13

(e) Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO, FOR ITSELF AND ITS AFFILIATES, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR OTHER PROCEEDING (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR IN THE NEGOTIATION,
ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

Section 6.3. Entire
Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiary. This Agreement, the Certificate of Designations (as defined in the Subscription and Exchange
Agreement), the applicable Voting Agreement (as defined in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement) and the Subscription and Exchange
Agreement contain the entire agreement by and among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and all prior negotiations,
writings and understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. Except as provided in Article IV, this Agreement
is not intended to confer upon any Person not a party hereto (or their successors and permitted assigns) any rights or remedies hereunder.

Section 6.4. Expenses.
Except as provided in Section 3.3, all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including accounting and legal fees shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses.

Section 6.5. Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given or made as follows: (a) if sent by registered or certified mail in the United States return receipt requested, upon receipt;
(b) if sent by nationally recognized overnight air courier, one (1) Business Day after mailing; (c) if sent by e-mail
transmission, when transmitted and receipt is confirmed; and (d) if otherwise actually personally delivered, when delivered, provided,
that such notices, requests, demands and other communications are delivered to the address set forth below, or to such other address
as any party shall provide by like notice to the other parties to this Agreement:

If to the Company,
to:

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

305 N 54th Street

Chandler, Arizona 85226

E-mail: don.walther@comtech.com

Attention: Don Walther

with a copy (which
shall not constitute notice) to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019-6064

E-mail: rrusso@paulweiss.com

Attention: Raphael M. Russo

14

If to the Investors, to the addresses set forth on the signature
pages hereto, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Counsel to the Magnetar Investors:

Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP

787 Seventh Avenue

New York, NY 10019-6099

E-mail: ehalperin@willkie.com; sewen@willkie.com

Attention: Eric Halperin; Sean Ewen

Counsel to the White Hat Investors:

Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP

919 Third Avenue

New York, NY 10022

E-mail: Eleazer.Klein@srz.com

Attention: Eleazer Klein

Section 6.6. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. Except as provided in Section 5.2, no assignment of this Agreement or of any rights or obligations hereunder
may be made by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. Any purported assignment or delegation
in violation of this Agreement shall be null and void ab initio.

Section 6.7. Headings.
The Section, Article and other headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 6.8. Amendments
and Waivers. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument or instruments in writing signed by the Company
and the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities outstanding at the time of such amendment. Any party hereto may, only by
an instrument in writing, waive compliance by any other party or parties hereto with any term or provision hereof on the part of such
other party or parties hereto to be performed or complied with. No failure or delay of any party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance
of steps to enforce such right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.
The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any term or provision hereof shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach.
The rights and remedies of the parties hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise
have hereunder.

15

Section 6.9. Interpretation;
Absence of Presumption.

(a) For
the purposes hereof: (i) words in the singular shall be held to include the plural and vice versa and words of one gender shall
be held to include the other gender as the context requires; (ii) the terms hereof, herein, and herewith
and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular
provision of this Agreement, and Section and paragraph references are to the Sections and paragraphs in this Agreement unless otherwise
specified; (iii) the word including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall mean including,
without limitation, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise specified; and (iv) the word or
shall not be exclusive.

(b) With
regard to each and every term and condition of this Agreement, the parties hereto understand and agree that the same have or has been
mutually negotiated, prepared and drafted, and if at any time the parties hereto desire or are required to interpret or construe any
such term or condition, no consideration will be given to the issue of which party hereto actually prepared, drafted or requested any
term or condition of this Agreement.

Section 6.10. Severability.
Any provision hereof that is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, shall
be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, without affecting in any way the remaining provisions
hereof, provided, however, that the parties will attempt in good faith to reform this Agreement in a manner consistent
with the intent of any such ineffective provision for the purpose of carrying out such intent.

(The next page is the signature page)

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP.

By: /s/ Michael A. Bondi

Name: Michael A. Bondi

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement]

INVESTORS:

White Hat Strategic Partners LP

By: White Hat SP GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Mark Quinlan

Name: Mark Quinlan

Title: Managing Member

White Hat Strategic Partners II LP

By: White Hat SP GP II LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Mark Quinlan

Name: Mark Quinlan

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement]

MAGNETAR STRUCTURED CREDIT FUND, LP

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR LONGHORN FUND LP

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

PURPOSE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT FUND - F LLC

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

PURPOSE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT FUND - T LLC

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

[Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement]

MAGNETAR LAKE CREDIT FUND LLC

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR ALPHA STAR FUND LLC

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

MAGNETAR CAPITAL FUND II LP

By: Magnetar Financial LLC, its investment manager

By: /s/ Karl Wachter

Name: Karl Wachter

Title: General Counsel

[Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

DEFINED TERMS

1. The following capitalized terms have the meanings indicated:

Affiliate
of any Person means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person.

Automatic Shelf
Registration Statement means an automatic shelf registration statement as defined under Rule 405.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law
or executive order to close or be closed.

Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the Companys common stock, par value $0.10 per share.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar successor federal statute, and the rules and regulations of
the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect from time to time.

Holder
means (a) any Investor holding Registrable Securities and (b) any transferee to which the rights under this Agreement have
been transferred in accordance with Section 5.2.

Permitted Transferee
has the meaning given to such term in the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization,
other legal entity, or any government or governmental agency or authority.

register,
registered and registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration
statement in compliance with the Securities Act, and the declaration or ordering of the effectiveness of such registration statement.

Registration Expenses
means (a) all expenses incurred by the Company in complying with Articles I and II, including, without limitation,
all registration, qualification, listing and filing fees, printing expenses, escrow fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company,
blue sky fees and expenses, and the expense of any special audits incident to or required by any such registration; and (b) the
reasonable fees and expenses of any one counsel to the Holders (and one local counsel, if necessary); provided, however,
that, in the case of this clause (b), such fees and expenses shall not exceed $50,000 with respect to any particular registration pursuant
to Article I or II.

Registrable Securities
means (a) any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of any shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock without
regard to any limitation on conversion set forth in the Certificate of Designations, (b) any other shares of Common Stock issued
in respect of preemptive rights of the Holders or acquired by the Holders in the open market or otherwise, (c) any shares of Common
Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of any Warrants without regard to any limitation on exercise set forth in the Warrants and
(d) any Common Stock or other securities issued in respect of the securities described in clauses (a) through (c) above
or this clause (d) upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or similar event;
provided, however, that the securities described in clauses (a) through (c) and this clause (d) above shall
only be treated as Registrable Securities until the earliest of: (i) the date on which such security has been registered under the
Securities Act and disposed of in accordance with an effective Registration Statement relating thereto; (ii) the date on which such
security has been sold pursuant to Rule 144 (or another transaction that constitutes a sale under the Securities Act) and the security
is no longer a Restricted Security; (iii) following any date that the Holders collectively own or have a right to receive (by conversion,
acquisition, exercise or otherwise) Registrable Securities having a value of less than $20,000,000 (based on then current market price),
the date on which the Holder of the securities is able to immediately sell such securities under Rule 144 without any restrictions
or limitation on transfer (and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required
under subsection (c)(1) of Rule 144), as reasonably determined by the Holder; and (iv) with respect to any such security,
the date on which such security and the instrument that may result in the issuance of such security shall have ceased to be outstanding.

Restricted Securities
means any Common Stock required to bear the legend set forth in Section 4.3(a) of the Subscription and Exchange Agreement.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and any successor provision.

Rule 405
means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act and any successor provision.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or any similar federal statute
and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Selling Expenses
means all underwriting discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes applicable to the securities registered by the Holders.

Series B-2
Preferred Stock means the Companys Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.10 per share.

Shelf Registration
means the Resale Shelf Registration or a Subsequent Shelf Registration, as applicable.

WKSI
means a well known seasoned issuer as defined under Rule 405.

2. The following terms are defined in the Sections of the Agreement indicated:

INDEX OF TERMS

Term Section

Agreement Preamble

Applicable Matters Section 6.2(b)

Chosen Court Section 6.2(b)

Company Preamble

Company Indemnified Parties Section 4.1

Effectiveness Period Section 1.2

Holder Indemnified Parties Section 4.2

Indemnified Party Section 4.3

Indemnifying Party Section 4.3

Investor Preamble

Investors Preamble

Resale Shelf Registration Section 1.1

Resale Shelf Registration Statement Section 1.1

Series B-3 Preferred Stock Recitals

Subscription and Exchange Agreement Recitals

Subsequent Holder Notice Section 1.5

Subsequent Shelf Registration Section 1.3

Underwritten Offering Section 1.6

Warrants Recitals

EXHIBIT B

InvestorS

Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP

Magnetar Longhorn Fund LP

Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - F LLC

Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - T LLC

Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC

Magnetar Alpha Fund LLC

Magnetar Capital Fund II LP

White Hat Strategic Partners LP

White Hat Strategic Partners II LP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cmtl-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cmtl-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>cmtl-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_ex4-1img011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>logo.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --07-31

Entity File Number 0-7928

Entity Registrant Name Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0000023197

Entity Tax Identification Number 11-2139466

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 305 N 54th Street

Entity Address, City or Town Chandler

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85226

City Area Code 480

Local Phone Number 333-2200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share

Trading Symbol CMTL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://comtechtel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cmtl-20250228.xsd 
cmtl-20250228_lab.xml 
cmtl-20250228_pre.xml 
tm258065d1_8k.htm 

logo.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-020043-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>tm258065d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000023197 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--07-31 
0000023197 
Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
0-7928 
DE 
11-2139466 
305 N 54th Street 
Chandler 
AZ 
85226 
480 
333-2200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share 
CMTL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>