<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-070544.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-070544.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401171550
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-070544
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Phillips 66
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534701
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PETROLEUM REFINING [2911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				453779385
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35349
		FILM NUMBER:		25800877

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2331 CITYWEST BLVD.
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		832-765-3010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2331 CITYWEST BLVD.
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d885786d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000153470100015347012025-04-012025-04-01

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 1, 2025

Phillips 66

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35349 45-3779385

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2331 CityWest Boulevard

Houston, Texas77042

(Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code)

(832)765-3010

Registrants telephone number, including area code

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, $0.01 par value PSX New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On April 1, 2025, Phillips 66 Company (the Company), a wholly owned subsidiary of Phillips 66, amended the Companys accounts receivable securitization program. In connection therewith, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to Receivables Purchase and Financing Agreement (the Amendment) to amend its existing Receivables Purchase and Financing Agreement dated September 30, 2024 (the RPFA), among the Company, as servicer, Phillips 66 Receivables LLC, as SPE, the Purchaser/Lenders party thereto from time to time, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 

The Amendment amends the RPFA to, among other things, increase the maximum facility size from $500 million to $1 billion. 

The foregoing description of the Amendment is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On April 1, 2025, Phillips 66 issued a press release announcing the completion of the EPIC NGL Transaction (defined below). A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The information contained in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant, whether made before, on, or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 8.01. Other Events. 

On April 1, 2025, the Company completed the purchase of all of the issued and outstanding equity interests in each of EPIC Y-Grade GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and EPIC Y-Grade, LP, a Delaware limited partnership pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among the Company, SCM EPIC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Dos Rios Y-Grade Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and EPIC Y-Grade Holdings, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, for cash consideration of approximately $2.2 billion (the EPIC NGL Transaction). 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

10.1 Second Amendment to Receivables Purchase and Financing Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2025, among Phillips 66 Receivables LLC, the persons from time to time party thereto as Purchaser/Lenders, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Phillips 66 Company, as servicer, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent. 

99.1 Press release of Phillips 66, dated April 1, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

PHILLIPS 66

Date: April 1, 2025 By: 

/s/ Vanessa A. Sutherland

Name: Vanessa A. Sutherland

Title: Executive Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d885786dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO

RECEIVABLES PURCHASEAND FINANCING AGREEMENT

This Second Amendment to Receivables Purchase and Financing Agreement (this Amendment), dated as of April 1, 2025, is
among PHILLIPS 66 RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as SPE (together with its successors and assigns, the SPE); PHILLIPS 66 COMPANY, a Delaware
corporation, as Servicer (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Servicer); the Purchaser/Lenders party to the RPFA (as hereinafter defined); PNC BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (PNC), as Administrative Agent (in such capacity together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent); and PNC
CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company, as Structuring Agent (the Structuring Agent). 

WI TNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the SPE, the Servicer, the Purchaser/Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Structuring Agent are party to that
certain Receivables Purchase and Financing Agreement dated as of September 30, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified through the date hereof, the RPFA). 

WHEREAS, concurrently herewith, the Administrative Agent, the SPE and the Structuring Agent are entering into that certain
Amended and Restated Agent Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof (the Fee Letter). 

WHEREAS, the SPE,
the Servicer, the Purchaser/Lenders, and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to make certain amendments to the RPFA, as permitted by Section 12.01 of the RPFA, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable
consideration, receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Section 1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the
RPFA. 

Section 2. AMENDMENTS. The RPFA is hereby amended to incorporate the changes shown on the marked pages of
the RPFA attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Section 3. REPRESENTATIONSOFTHE
SPE ANDTHE SERVICER. Each of the SPE and the Servicer hereby represent and warrant to the parties hereto that as of the date hereof each of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI of
the RPFA are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof and after giving effect to this Amendment (except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and
correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 

Section 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. This Amendment
shall become effective and be deemed effective as of the date first written above upon the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) the Administrative Agent shall have received a fully executed counterpart of this Amendment and the Fee Letter from
each of the other parties hereto and thereto; 

(b) the Administrative Agent shall have received an executed
Reaffirmation, Acknowledgment and Consent of Performance Guarantor dated as of the date hereof; 

(c) The
Administrative Agent shall have received confirmation that the Structuring Fee and Closing Fee set forth in the Fee Letter have been paid in accordance with the terms thereof; 

(d) the Administrative Agent shall have received such other agreements, documents, certificates, officers
certificates and opinions as set forth in Annex A hereto; and 

(e) no Potential Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing. 

Section 5. COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be executed by the parties
in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or other
electronic means shall be equally effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart. 

Section 6. SEVERABILITY. Any provision of this Amendment which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 7. GOVERNING LAWAND JURISDICTION. Section 12.10 of the RPFA is incorporated in this Amendment by reference as if such provision was set forth herein mutatis mutandis. 

Section 8. HEADINGS. The headings of this Amendment are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not
affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Amendment. 

[Signatures appear on following page.] 

-2- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have each caused this Amendment to be duly executed
by their respective duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

PHILLIPS 66 RECEIVABLES LLC, 

as the
SPE

By: 

/s/ Sam A. Farace II

Name: Sam A. Farace II

Title: President and Treasurer

PHILLIPS 66 COMPANY, 

as the Servicer

By: 

/s/ Sam A. Farace II

Name: Sam A. Farace II

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Second
Amendment to Receivables Purchase and Financing Agreement] 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent and a Purchaser/Lender

By: 

/s/ Imad Naja

Name: 

Imad Naja

Title: 

Senior Vice President

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC,

as Structuring Agent

By: 

/s/ Imad Naja

Name: 

Imad Naja

Title: 

Managing Director

[Signature Page to Second
Amendment to Receivables Purchase and Financing Agreement] 

REAFFIRMATION, ACKNOWLEDGEMENT, AND
CONSENTOF PERFORMANCE GUARANTOR

The undersigned, PHILLIPS
66, heretofore executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a Performance Guaranty dated September 30, 2024. The undersigned hereby acknowledges and consents to the Second Amendment to Receivables Purchase and Financing Agreement dated as
of the date hereof, and confirms that its Performance Guaranty, and all obligations of the undersigned thereunder, remain in full force and effect. The undersigned further agrees that the consent of the undersigned to any other amendment or
modification to the RPFA or any of the Transaction Documents referred to therein (each as existing on the date hereof) shall not be required solely as a result of this consent having been obtained. The undersigned acknowledges that the
Administrative Agent and the Purchaser/Lenders are relying on the assurances provided herein in entering into the Second Amendment to Receivables Purchase and Financing Agreement set forth above. 

Dated as of April 1, 2025. 

PHILLIPS 66

By: 

/s/ Sam A. Farace II

Name: Sam A. Farace II

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

EXHIBIT A 

Marked changes to the RPFA 

(Attached) 

EXECUTION VERSION 

EXHIBIT A to Second
Amendment, dated April 1, 2025

RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AND FINANCING AGREEMENT 

Dated as of September 30, 2024 

by and among 

PHILLIPS 66
RECEIVABLES LLC, 

as SPE, 

THE
PERSONS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 

as Purchaser/Lenders, 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Administrative Agent, 

PHILLIPS
66 COMPANY, 

as Servicer, 

and

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, 

as
Structuring Agent 

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines,
interpretations or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith (whether or not having the force of Law) and (y) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (whether or not having the force of Law), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case
be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 

CIP
Regulations has the meaning set forth in Section 10.11. 

Closing Date means
September 30, 2024. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same may be amended or supplemented from
time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. 

Collection Account means each account listed on Schedule II to this Agreement (as such schedule may be modified from
time to time in connection with the closing or opening of any Collection Account in accordance with the terms hereof) (in each case, in the name of the SPE) and maintained at a bank or other financial institution acting as a Collection Account Bank
pursuant to an Account Control Agreement for the purpose of receiving Collections. 

Collection Account Bank means any
of the banks or other financial institutions holding one or more Collection Accounts. 

Collections means, with respect
to any Pool Receivable: (a) all funds that are received by any SPE-Related Party or any other Person on their behalf in payment of any amounts owed in respect of such Pool Receivable (including purchase
price, service charges, finance charges, interest, fees and all other charges), or applied to amounts owed in respect of such Pool Receivable (including insurance payments, proceeds of drawings under supporting letters of credit and net proceeds of
the sale or other disposition of repossessed goods or other collateral or property of the related Obligor or any other Person directly or indirectly liable for the payment of such Pool Receivable and available to be applied thereon), (b) all Deemed
Collections with respect to such Pool Receivable, (c) all cash proceeds of all Related Security with respect to such Pool Receivable and (d) all
amounts paid by or on behalf of a Credit Insurer under any Credit Insurance Policy or in respect of any claim thereunder,
and (e) all other cash proceeds of such Pool
Receivable. 

Commitment means, with respect to any Purchaser/Lender, the maximum aggregate amount of Capital
which such Person is obligated to lend or pay hereunder on account of all Investments and Loans, on a combined basis, as set forth on Schedule I or in the Assignment and Assumption Agreement or other agreement pursuant to which it became a
Purchaser/Lender, as such Commitment is thereafter assigned or modified. If the context so requires, Commitment also refers to a Purchaser/Lenders obligation to make Investments or Loans hereunder in accordance with this Agreement.

6 

Continuing Director means (a) each individual who is a director of
the Parent on the Closing Date and (b) each other director of the Parent whose election, appointment or nomination for election by the Parents stockholders was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the then Continuing Directors or
by a vote of at least a majority of a committee of the Parents board of directors comprised solely of Continuing Directors. 

Contra Obligor means any Obligor which is a supplier to any Originator or, following an IG Ratings Event, an Affiliate of a
supplier, and in any case is not party to a Net-Out Agreement with an Originator. 

Contract means, with respect to any Receivable, any and all contracts, instruments, agreements, leases, invoices, notes or
other writings pursuant to which such Receivable arises or that evidence such Receivable or under which an Obligor becomes or is obligated to make payment in respect of such Receivable. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2024, among P66 Company, as borrower, the
Parent, as initial guarantor, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent, and the co-syndication agents, co-documentation
agents, joint lead arrangers and bookrunners from time to time party thereto, as such agreement may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, refinanced, replaced, renewed, or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Credit and Collection Policy means the receivables credit and collection policies and practices of the Originators as in
effect on the Closing Date and described in Exhibit D, as modified in compliance with this Agreement. 

Credit Insurance Policy means
a credit insurance policy naming the SPE as insured, which policy insures the payment of Pool Receivables owing by one or more Obligors. 

Credit
Insurer means
each insurance company that provides a Credit Insurance Policy to the SPE.

Daily 1M SOFR means, for any day, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (rounded upwards, at the
Administrative Agents discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) equal to the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such day for a one (1) month period, as published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, that if Daily 1M SOFR, determined
as provided above, would be less than the SOFR Floor, then Daily 1M SOFR shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. Such rate of interest will be adjusted automatically as of each Business Day based on changes in Daily 1M SOFR without notice to the SPE.

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), the interest rate per annum determined by
the Administrative Agent (rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agents discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) equal to SOFR for the day (the SOFR Determination

8 

Eligible Credit
Insurance means
a Credit Insurance Policy issued by an Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, which policy (a) is in a form that has been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, (b) is
in full force and effect, (c) under which the Administrative Agent is an additional insured, loss-payee or bank-beneficiary (as the case may be)
entitled to make, and receive payment of, insurance claims thereunder, (d) contains terms and endorsements permitting the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including with
respect to the Pool Receivables insured thereby and the SPE-Related Parties and the
Purchaser/LenderParties), and (e) with
respect to which, all due and payable premiums have been paid in full. If the Credit Insurer of such a Credit Insurance Policy ceases to be an Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, such policy shall cease to constitute Eligible Credit Insurance. The
Administrative Agent may revoke its prior written approval of a form of Credit Insurance Policy at any time
in its reasonable
discretion with
respect to any future issuance of any Credit Insurance Policy. No Eligible Credit Insurance is in effect as of the Second Amendment Date.

Eligible Credit Insurance
Provider means
an insurance company in the business of issuing commercial credit insurance (a) which company is not an Affiliate of any SPE-Related Party, (b) with
respect to which, no credit rating assigned to it by any of Moodys,
Standard
Poors
or A.M. Best Company, Inc. has been reduced by two or more ratings notches
since
the time any Credit Insurance Policy written by such Credit Insurer became Eligible Credit Insurance hereunder and
(c) which
is not a Sanctioned Person; provided, that, with respect to any Credit Insurance Policy issued by multiple insurance providers, the Administrative Agent may
elect (in its sole discretion) to treat such syndicate as a single insurer and apply a weighted average credit rating.

Eligible Foreign Obligor means an Obligor that is organized in or that has a head office (domicile), registered office, and
chief executive office located in a country other than the United States of America that is not a Sanctioned Jurisdiction. 

Eligible Receivable means, at any time, a Pool Receivable: 

(a) the Obligor of which is: (i) a U.S. Obligor or an Eligible Foreign Obligor; (ii) not an Official Body
(other than a U.S. federal, state or local Official Body); (iii) not subject to any Relief Proceeding; (iv) not a Sanctioned Person; (v) not an Affiliate of any SPE-Related Party unless such Obligor
is an Approved Affiliate Obligor or an Affiliate of an Approved Affiliate Obligor; (vi) not the Obligor with respect to Delinquent Receivables with an aggregate Outstanding Balance exceeding 50% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all such
Obligors Pool Receivables; and (vii) not a natural person; 

(b) [reserved]; 

(c) that is denominated and payable only in Dollars in the United States of America, and the Obligor with respect to
which has been instructed to remit Collections in respect thereof directly to a Lock-Box or Collection Account in the United States of America; 

13 

Excess Concentration means the sum of the following amounts, without
duplication: 

(a) the sum of the amounts calculated for each of the Obligors equal to the excess (if any) of
(i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Eligible Receivables of such Obligor, over (ii) the product of (x) such Obligors Concentration Percentage, multipliedby (y) the aggregate Outstanding
Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; provided, that, for purposes of this clause (a), for
any Eligible Receivable that is an Insured Receivable, the related Eligible Credit Insurance Provider shall be deemed to be the Obligor of such Eligible Receivable with respect to the amount of such Receivable that is insured; provided further,
that, the amount of such Receivable that is not insured shall be treated, for the purposes of this clause (a), without regard to the preceding proviso;plus

(b) the excess (if any) of (x) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Unbilled Receivables, over
(y) the product of (A) 20.00% (or any lower percentage (including 0%) which PNC may designate in its sole discretion after the occurrence of a Ratings Event), multipliedby (B) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all
Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; plus

(c) the excess (if any) of (x) the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables the Obligors of which are Eligible Foreign Obligors, over (y) the product of (A) 17.50% (or any lower percentage (including 0%) which PNC may designate in its sole discretion after the
occurrence of a Ratings Event), multipliedby (B) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; plus

(d) the excess (if any) of (x) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables as to which any
payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 60 days from the original due date for such payment, over (y) the product of (A) 5.00% (or any lower percentage (including 0%) which PNC may designate in its sole discretion after
the occurrence of a Ratings Event), multipliedby (B) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; plus

(e) the excess (if any) of (x) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables the Obligors of which
are Official Bodies, over (y) the product of (A) 15.00% (or any lower percentage (including 0%) which PNC may designate in its sole discretion after the occurrence of a Ratings Event), multipliedby (B) the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; plus

(f) the excess (if any) of
(x) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables the Obligors of which are Contra Obligors, over (y) the product of (A) 10.00% (or, after the occurrence of an IG Ratings Event, 0%), multipliedby
(B) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool. 

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Excluded Collections means, with respect to any Affiliate Receivable or
Excluded Receivable: (a) all funds that are received by any SPE-Related Party or any other Person on their behalf in payment of any amounts owed in respect of such Affiliate Receivable or Excluded

17 

Receivable (including purchase price, service charges, finance charges, interest, fees and all other charges), or applied to amounts owed in respect of such Affiliate Receivable or Excluded
Receivable (including insurance payments, proceeds of drawings under supporting letters of credit and net proceeds of the sale or other disposition of repossessed goods or other collateral or property of the related obligor or any other Person
directly or indirectly liable for the payment of such Affiliate Receivable or Excluded Receivable and available to be applied thereon) and (b) all other cash proceeds of such Affiliate Receivable or Excluded Receivable. 

Excluded Receivable means any right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, owed to any
Originator other than any such right arising from such Originators continental United States refining, midstream, and commercial operations, as identified by the Originators company codes and customer identification numbers as set forth
on Schedule IV. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or
required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient
being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Purchaser/Lender, its applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are
Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Purchaser/Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Purchaser/Lender with respect to an applicable interest in an Investment, Loan or Commitment
pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Purchaser/Lender acquires such interest in such Investment, Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the SPE under Section 4.04) or
(ii) such Purchaser/Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 4.03(g), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Purchaser/Lenders
assignor immediately before such Purchaser/Lender became a party hereto or to such Purchaser/Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with
Section 4.03(g), and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Facility Limit
means
$500,000,0001,000,000,000
as may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.03(e). References to the unused portion of the Facility Limit mean, at any time, an amount equal to
(x) the Facility Limit at such time, minus (y) the Aggregate Capital at such time. 

FATCA means
the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with)
and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any intergovernmental agreement that implements or modifies the provisions of the foregoing
(together with any laws implementing such agreement). 

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, or any entity succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

18 

Indebtedness means, as to any Person, at any date, without duplication,
(a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of
property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business, (d) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not
such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person (provided, that for purposes of this clause (e), if such Person has not assumed or otherwise become personally liable for any such Indebtedness, the amount of Indebtedness of such Person in connection
therewith shall be limited to the lesser of (i) the fair market value of such asset(s) and (ii) the amount of Indebtedness secured by such Lien), (f) all Indebtedness of others guaranteed by such Person, (g) all obligations of
such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (h) all obligations of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances and letters of credit, and (i) all production payments, proceeds production payments or similar obligations of
such Person. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons
ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 

Indemnified Taxes means (i) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of any SPE-Related Party under any Transaction Document and (ii) to the extent not otherwise described in the preceding clause (i), Other Taxes. 

Independent Director has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(c). 

Information has the meaning set forth in Section 12.08. 

Insured
Receivable means
each Receivable of an Obligor for which the amount of the Outstanding Balance that is insured (when aggregated with the amount of each other Receivable owing by such Obligor that was originated prior to such Receivable and that is insured) is equal
to or less than the then-effective maximum amount available for payments established for such Obligor for all claims relating to such Obligor during the related policy period under and pursuant to Eligible Credit Insurance; provided,
that no Receivable shall constitute an Insured Receivable for purposes of clause (a) of the definition of
Excess
Concentration at
any time the Credit Insurance Policy relating thereto shall cease to constitute Eligible Credit Insurance.

Intended Tax Treatment has the meaning set forth in Section 12.11. 

Investment means any payment of Capital by a Purchaser/Lender to the SPE pursuant to
Section 2.03. 

Investment Capital means all Capital attributable to Investments (rather than
to Loans) and, with respect to any Purchaser/Lender, such Purchaser/Lenders respective pro rata portion of such Investment Capital based on such Purchaser/Lenders Commitment. 

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

21 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect
to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Restricted Payments has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.01(r). 

Returned Goods means all right, title and interest in and to returned,
repossessed or foreclosed goods and/or merchandise the sale of which gave rise to a Receivable. 

S&P means S&P
Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 

Sanctioned Country means at any time, a country, purported country or territory which is itself the subject or target of
any Sanctions (including, as of the date of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region
of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

Sanctioned Person means at any time, (a) any Person listed in any
Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union
member state in which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries conducts business, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, or by the Government of Canada, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or
(c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by
(a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any
European Union member state in which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries conducts business, the Government of Canada or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom. 

Scheduled Termination Date means September 29, 2025, as such date may be extended pursuant to
Section 2.12. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental
agencies substituted therefor. 

Second Amendment
Datemeans
April 1,
2025

Secured Parties means each Purchaser/Lender Party,
each SPE Indemnified Party and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 10.05.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. 

Servicer has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

30 

same extent as if interests in such Pool Receivables had not been transferred hereunder, and the exercise by
the Administrative Agent, or any other Purchaser/Lender Party of their respective rights hereunder shall not relieve the SPE from such obligations and (ii) pay when due any taxes, including any sales taxes payable in connection with the Pool
Receivables and their creation and satisfaction. None of the Purchaser/Lender Parties shall have any obligation or liability with respect to any Supporting Assets, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the SPE, the
Servicer or any Originator thereunder. 

(b) P66 Company hereby irrevocably agrees that if at any time it shall cease to be the
Servicer hereunder, it shall act (if the then-current Servicer so requests) as the data-processing agent of the Servicer and, in such capacity, P66 Company shall conduct the data-processing functions of the administration of the Receivables and the
Collections thereon in substantially the same way that P66 Company conducted such data-processing functions while it acted as the Servicer. In connection with any such processing functions, the SPE shall pay to P66 Company its reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses from the SPEs own funds (subject to the priority of payments set forth in Section 3.01(a)). 

SECTION 8.06 Servicing Fee. 

(a) Subject to clause (b) below, the SPE shall pay the Servicer a fee (the Servicing Fee) equal to the
product of the Servicing Fee Rate multiplied by the monthly average aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Pool Receivables. Accrued Servicing Fees shall be payable from Collections to the extent of available funds in accordance with
Section 3.01(a). 

(b) If the Servicer ceases to be P66 Company or an Affiliate thereof, the Servicing Fee
shall be the greater of: (i) the amount calculated pursuant to clause (a) above and (ii) an alternative amount agreed between the Administrative Agent and the successor Servicer in connection with the performance of its
obligations as Servicer hereunder. 

SECTION
8.07Credit Insurance
Policies.

(a)The SPE may, in its sole discretion, elect to obtain Credit
Insurance with respect to Pool Receivables selected by it from time to time. At all times while
(y) any
Pool Receivable is being reported in any Pool Report as an Insured Receivable or (z) any Pool Receivable is being included in the Net Receivables Pool Balance as an Insured Receivable:

(i)
the SPE shall maintain each relevant Credit
Insurance Policy in full force and effect with respect to the applicable Insured Receivables;

(ii)
the SPE shall pay all premiums and other amounts due
by the SPE from time to time under each such Credit Insurance Policy when due in accordance with the terms thereof;

(iii)
the SPE and the Servicer shall refrain from taking
any action or omitting to take any action which would reasonably be expected to prejudice or limit the
SPEs
or the Administrative Agents rights to payment under any such Credit Insurance Policy;

(iv)
the SPE and the Servicer shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to enforce the obligations of the applicable Credit Insurer under each such Credit
Insurance Policy;

105 

(v)
the SPE and the Servicer shall maintain all records
and documents that are reasonably necessary to make claims for reimbursement under each such Credit Insurance Policy;

(vi)
the SPE shall, and the Servicer shall cause the SPE
to, perform all its other material obligations under each such Credit Insurance Policy in accordance with the terms thereof (including, without limitation, delivering information regarding the relevant Pool Receivables and notices of insolvency with
respect to Obligors when required pursuant to the terms of each such Credit Insurance Policy);

(vii)
the SPE and the Servicer shall promptly advise the
Administrative Agent of any payment the SPE receives directly under any Credit Insurance Policy, any denial of coverage under any Credit Insurance Policy, any cancelation of any Credit Insurance Policy or any other information received in connection
with any Credit Insurance Policy which is material to the payment of any claim thereunder;

(viii)
Neither the SPE nor the Servicer shall amend, modify
or waive (or consent to any such amendment, modification or waiver of) any provision of any Credit Insurance Policy which would reasonably be expected to prejudice or limit the SPEs
or the Administrative Agents rights to payment under any such Credit Insurance Policy without the Administrative Agents
prior written consent; and

(ix)The SPE and the Servicer shall deliver any additional instruments, certificates and documents, provide such other information
and take such other actions as may be necessary or desirable, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give further assurances of any of the rights granted or provided for herein or under any Credit Insurance Policy (including,
without limitation, providing copies of invoices, purchase orders, and the proof of delivery of products as may be requested by the insurer thereunder).

(b)If the SPE fails to pay any premium or other amount due under
any Credit InsurancePolicy, the Administrative Agent may (in its discretion) pay such premium or other amount from the Collateral or from its own
funds in order to keep such Credit Insurance Policy in force with respect to (y) any
Pool Receivable that is then reported in any Pool Report as an Insured Receivable or (z) any Pool Receivable that is then included in the Net Receivables Pool Balance as an Insured Receivable. Any amount so paid by the Administrative Agent from its own funds shall constitute an SPE Indemnified Amount payable by the
SPE to the Administrative Agent hereunder.

(c)As to any Insured Receivables only, in the event that any Obligor defaults on the payment of any of its Pool Receivables,
becomes subject to a Relief Proceeding or becomes subject to any other event that gives rise to a claim for reimbursement under a Credit Insurance
Policy, the SPE and the Servicer shall, promptly (but not later than the later of (x) ten
(10) Business Days after such event or (y) the first date on which such a claim may be filed 

106 

pursuant to the terms of such
Credit Insurance Policy), file a claim for such reimbursement (with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent) in accordance with the terms of such Credit Insurance Policy and shall take any other actions required under the terms of such Credit
Insurance Policy to obtain such reimbursement (including, without limitation, providing the applicable Credit Insurer with itemized statements, invoices, bills of lading, purchase orders, summaries of collections efforts, evidence of debt or other
documentation that may be required under the terms of such Credit Insurance Policy). The SPE and the Servicer shall instruct that any amounts paid in respect of any Pool Receivable (or losses thereon) by a Credit Insurer under any Credit Insurance
Policy be paid directly to a Collection Account. Amounts so received shall be applied as a Collection in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(d)In the event that a Credit Insurer pays a claim under a Credit
Insurance Policy with respect to a Pool Receivable and the SPE is required to assign and/or subrogate its rights, claims, guaranties, security, collateral or defenses to such Credit Insurer in respect of such Pool Receivable, the SPE shall (and the
Servicer shall cause SPE to) so assign and/or subrogate such rights, claims, guaranties, security, collateral or defenses in accordance with the terms of such Credit Insurance Policy. Simultaneously with receipt of such a payment in a Collection
Account and upon such assignment and/or subrogation, the Administrative Agent shall be automatically deemed to have released to the SPE any ownership or security interest it may have hereunder (on behalf of itself and the Purchaser/Lenders) in such
rights, claims, guaranties, security, collateral or defenses so assigned or subrogated, to the extent necessary to permit such assignment and/or subrogation free and clear of such ownership or security interest and shall execute such documents to
evidence the same as shall be reasonably requested by the SPE or the Credit Insurer, in each case at the sole expense of the SPE;
provided,
however,
that the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have released any such ownership or security interest it may have in related rights under such Credit Insurance Policy (including, without limitation, any right of the SPE to receive ratable or
other allocations of Collections or other recoveries in respect of such Pool Receivable).

(e)If any Credit Insurance Policy ceases to be Eligible Credit
Insurance, the SPE and the Servicer shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser/Lender written notice thereof, together with a statement of the actions the SPE plans to take in connection with such situation, if any, promptly but
not later than five
(5) Business
Days after knowledge thereof. If any Credit Insurance Policy no longer constitutes Eligible Credit Insurance, the Termination Date has not occurred, no Event of Default is continuing and no Capital Coverage Amount Deficit exists, then the SPE may
terminate such Credit Insurance Policy or permit such Credit Insurance Policy to lapse. The SPE shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser/Lender written notice of any such termination or
lapse and shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent when such termination or lapse has occurred.

(f)Any Collections received by the Administrative Agent pursuant
to any Credit Insurance Policy (including as an additional insured thereunder) shall be distributed in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in Section 3.01(a).

107 

(xvii) any action taken by the Administrative Agent as attorney-in-fact for any SPE-Related Party in accordance with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; 

(xviii) [reserved]; 

(xix) the maintenance of any Linked Account with respect to any Collection Account or the debiting against any Collection
Account of amounts as a result of any Settlement Item (as defined in the related Account Control Agreement) that originated in any Linked Account or any other account other than a Collection Account; 

(xx) the use of proceeds of any Investment or Loan; or

(xxi) any reduction in Capital as a result of the distribution of Collections if all or a portion of such distributions
shall thereafter be rescinded or otherwise must be returned for any
reason.;

(xxii)
any failure by the SPE to pay any
premium or other amount when due under the terms of any Credit Insurance Policy, to keep any Credit Insurance Policy in force or to make or perfect any claim for
reimbursement under
any Credit Insurance Policy; in each case, to the extent required pursuant to Section 8.07
; or

(xxiii)
any insurance premium payments paid by the
Administrative Agent on any Credit Insurance Policy in accordance with this Agreement.

SECTION 11.03 Indemnification by the Servicer. 

(a) The Servicer shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Purchaser/Lender Parties, the other Secured Parties and their
respective assigns, officers, directors, agents and employees (each, a Servicer Indemnified Party) for any and all claims, losses and liabilities resulting from: (i) the failure of any representation or warranty made or
deemed made by the Servicer (or any of its officers) under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party to have been true and correct as of the date made or deemed made, (ii) the failure by the
Servicer to comply with any applicable Laws, rule or regulation with respect to any Pool Receivable or the related Contract, (iii) any dispute, claim, offset or defense of an Obligor (other than as a result of discharge in bankruptcy with
respect to such Obligor) to the payment of any Pool Receivable to the extent resulting from the failure of the Servicer to comply with its obligations hereunder in respect of such Receivable, (iv) any failure of the Servicer to perform its
duties or obligations in accordance with the provisions hereof or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, or (v) the commingling of Collections of Pool Receivables at any time with other funds of the Servicer. 

(b) Promptly upon receipt by any Servicer Indemnified Party under this Section 11.03 of notice of the
commencement of any suit, action, claim, proceeding or governmental investigation against such Servicer Indemnified Party, such Servicer Indemnified Party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the Servicer hereunder, notify the
Servicer in writing of the commencement thereof. Any notice claiming compensation under this Section shall set forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder and shall be 

125 

SCHEDULE I 

Purchaser/Lenders & Commitments 

Purchaser/Lender Commitment

PNC Bank, National Association $500,000,0001,000,000,000

Schedule I-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d885786dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

NEWS RELEASE 

Phillips 66 completes acquisition of EPIC NGL 

HOUSTON, April 1, 2025 Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX) announced today the completion of its previously announced acquisition of EPIC Y-Grade GP, LLC and EPIC Y-Grade, LP, which own various subsidiaries and long-haul natural gas liquids pipelines, fractionation facilities and distribution systems (EPIC
NGL) for total cash consideration of approximately $2.2 billion. 

This transaction strengthens our position as a leading integrated
downstream energy provider, said Don Baldridge, Phillips 66 executive vice president of Midstream & Chemicals. We are evolving our portfolio and enhancing our ability to provide seamless and efficient delivery of energy
products. Phillips 66 will offer producers unparalleled flow assurance, while advancing a strategy that is expected to deliver attractive returns and create long-term value for our shareholders. 

The EPIC NGL business consists of two fractionators (170 MBD) near Corpus Christi, Texas, approximately 350 miles of purity distribution pipelines and an
approximately 885-mile NGL pipeline (175 MBD) linking production supplies in the Delaware, Midland and Eagle Ford basins to fractionation complexes and the Phillips 66 Sweeny Hub. 

The expansion project from 175 MBD to 225 MBD for the NGL pipeline is expected to be completed in the second quarter. A second expansion to increase capacity
to 350 MBD has already been sanctioned with completion expected in the fourth quarter of 2026. 

The acquired assets connect Permian production to Gulf
Coast refiners, petrochemical companies and export markets, and are highly integrated with the Phillips 66 asset base. 

About Phillips 66 

Phillips 66 (NYSE: PSX) is a leading integrated downstream energy provider that manufactures, transports and markets products that drive the global economy.
The companys portfolio includes Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, Marketing and Specialties, and Renewable Fuels businesses. Headquartered in Houston, Phillips 66 has employees around the globe who are committed to safely and reliably providing
energy and improving lives while pursuing a lower-carbon future. For more information, visit phillips66.com or follow @Phillips66Co on LinkedIn. 

CONTACTS 

Jeff Dietert (investors) 

832-765-2297

jeff.dietert@p66.com 

Owen Simpson (investors) 

832-765-2297

owen.simpson@p66.com 

Thaddeus Herrick (media) 

855-841-2368

thaddeus.f.herrick@p66.com 

Cautionary Statement for the
Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws.
Words such as anticipated, committed, estimated, expected, planned, scheduled, targeted, believe, continue, intend,
will, would, could, objective, goal, project, efforts, strategies and similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes
generally indicate forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements included in this news release are based on managements expectations, estimates
and projections as of the date they are made. These statements are not guarantees of future events or performance, and you should not unduly rely on them as they involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements include: the possibility that Phillips 66 may not fully realize the expected benefits of the completed transaction; the risk of any unexpected costs or expenses resulting from the completed transaction; changes in governmental policies or
laws that relate to our operations, including regulations that seek to limit or restrict refining, marketing and midstream operations or regulate profits, pricing, or taxation of our products or feedstocks, or other regulations that restrict
feedstock imports or product exports; our ability to timely obtain or maintain permits necessary for projects; fluctuations in NGL, crude oil, refined petroleum, renewable fuels and natural gas prices, and refining, marketing and petrochemical
margins; the effects of any widespread public health crisis and its negative impact on commercial activity and demand for refined petroleum or renewable fuels products; changes to worldwide government policies relating to renewable fuels and
greenhouse gas emissions that adversely affect programs including the renewable fuel standards program, low carbon fuel standards and tax credits for renewable fuels; potential liability from pending or future litigation; liability for remedial
actions, including removal and reclamation obligations under existing or future environmental regulations; unexpected changes in costs for constructing, modifying or operating our facilities; our ability to successfully complete, or any material
delay in the completion of, any asset disposition, acquisition, shutdown or conversion that we have announced or may pursue, including receipt of any necessary regulatory approvals or permits related thereto; unexpected difficulties in
manufacturing, refining or transporting our products; the level and success of drilling and production volumes around our midstream assets; risks and uncertainties with respect to the actions of actual or potential competitive suppliers and
transporters of refined petroleum products, renewable fuels or specialty products; lack of, or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for our products; failure to complete construction of capital projects on time or within budget; our
ability to comply with governmental regulations or make capital expenditures to maintain compliance with laws; limited access to capital or significantly higher cost of capital related to illiquidity or uncertainty in the domestic or international
financial markets, which may also impact our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends; potential disruption of our operations due to accidents, weather events, including as a result of climate change, acts of terrorism or
cyberattacks; general domestic and international economic and political developments, including armed hostilities (such as the Russia-Ukraine war), expropriation of assets, and other diplomatic developments; international monetary conditions and
exchange controls; changes in estimates or projections used to assess fair value of intangible assets, goodwill and property and equipment and/or strategic decisions with respect to our asset portfolio that cause impairment charges; investments
required, or reduced demand for products, as a result of environmental rules and regulations; changes in tax, environmental and other laws and regulations (including alternative energy mandates); political and societal concerns about climate change
that could result in changes to our business or increase expenditures, including litigation-related expenses; the operation, financing and distribution decisions of equity affiliates we do not control; and other economic, business, competitive
and/or regulatory factors affecting our businesses generally as set forth in Phillips 66s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Phillips 66 is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or alter
its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>psx-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>psx-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>psx-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g885786g0401085758236.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001534701

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Phillips 66

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-35349

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-3779385

Entity Address, Address Line One 2331 CityWest Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77042

City Area Code (832)

Local Phone Number 765-3010

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol PSX

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.phillips66.com//20250401/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d885786d8k.htm 
psx-20250401.xsd 
psx-20250401_lab.xml 
psx-20250401_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-070544-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d885786d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001534701 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

false 
0001534701 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
Phillips 66 
DE 
001-35349 
45-3779385 
2331 CityWest Boulevard 
Houston 
TX 
77042 
(832) 
765-3010 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.01 par value 
PSX 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>